If you want to understand the Roma problem, start with googling images of romská osada (=Roma village in Slovakian).
And we put one of the corrupted judges in the jail
Heh, thats what Czechs said about us.
Like some 60 years old lady came up with it during the last 15min of her work shift.
The German doctor's surgery left untouched for 30 years - in pictures
Scotland won't have that kind of muscle.
I meant, they had to mention it when talking to western europeans.
Czechoslovakia had powerful economy before WW2, everything got taken apart, communism ruined the rest
it just doesnt work for me personally
The journalists name was Kuciak, and the current guy whos voice records are being investigated today is Kočner if anyone is interested
Damn Irish lads don't think about us
But instead we're stuck with Slovakian anthem.
There is some deep connection between various nations, not Slavs generally - some people feel positively towards people from other slavic nations, but that´s about it here in Slovakia, nothing important.
Message from Slovakia small town for Britain
/r/scotland has both Tory supporters and SNP supporters albeit second one in majority.
14th century I think
No, because they rely on fairytales they like to make up, completely ignoring reality
Kippis
Korvainen koira
Rajka - the new district of Bratislava (sorry Hungary, never meant to offend you)
They are usually filled with [apricots] or plums or strawberries, but I have seen some with just a jam and/or "tvaroh" (like cottage cheese)
The PM then goes on, blames Sulík publically for about 5 minutes, requests him to resign, and until the rest of the interview, you can hear in his voice, that he is about to weep (more than usually)
Czech prime minister is actually slovak, funny joke right
Odkiaľ si ?
And my god, I love them
joining EU helped, but not enough.
Bratislava is everything – all the big international companies have Slovak HQs here
I just feel like everyone else does not
If I pronounce it right that it
There will always be a EU, even if it's only made up of Germany, it's main ports (The Netherlands), it's institutions (Belgium), its' industry supply chain (Czechia, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary and Transilvania), and Austria.
Our flights into London and out of Budapest are already booked so those will need to be our beginning and end points.
Prague has some amazing architecture and history, but the city center just feels foreign
Croatia and Slovenia could join, but I don't see Ukraine, with its war and other problems
I liked ours as well
It definitely seems like a northern/eastern Europe thing...there are basically none in Iberia.
The prices are too high as well, the non-existence of some alcohol brands (especially spirits like borovička) as well
The level of delusion in this sub is unreal.
It is history, now is a new age and we do not hold onto old grudges
Very abundand underground reservoirs of drinking water at Slovakia
Differences in traditions, cuisine, religiosity, even language
As for whom I guess
I cant imagine that i would be proud, if we annex parts of Germany or Slovakia for example.
So, I would go as far as creating something like the USA in Europe
So less stress on people on the lower income side
Not after this
does anyone know good VPN service
Turns out they're not quite as
Being last in this category is something to be proud of.
If you ever find yourself in Ryssia, do venture beyond Moscow.
BMW drivers not using their blinkers
Let aside all I know, I wonder if I am the only one who's always felt Benelux would be a great name for a brand of lightbulbs
And I find it sad
despite of the fact that Eastern Europe was under Russian influence for years
I personally do like my accent, or I mean I don’t really have any strong opinion on it since it’s kind of like neutral / American but I do not like the stereotypical Slovak accent
I'm telling everyone, for a year, how Romania is more advanced than Slovakia is, fighting corruption.
No matter how big they are it still cant compare to the loading capacity of a van
7 days later I had visa in my passport.
Terribly disillusioned with capitalism
Since I dont really undestand the question, I will just say that I have $1 on my shelf because I like the look of the note, really :)
I like how the Netherlands are stoned
If Russia cuts Ukraine off, then Central Europe is partially cut off and that is a big problem in the winter
This color gradient is really odd
Especially anywhere with Japanese company in Europe as their language proficiency with European languages is usually ehm lower
I read a lot when it comes to history, but there are some things I don't know much about
Or rather syyyyyr
We know local ones are good
I don't know, the name reminds me of a certain Serbo-Croatian profanity too much
Am i afraid that somebody robs us while we are not at home
Wtf
Only Serbia and Ukraine have considerable Hungarian populations, but most Hungarians live in Romania and Slovakia (apart from Hungary obviously).
They are so huge that visitors have to be transported by cars inside
never realised that, it’s fascinating
Slovak nazi state, from 1939 to 1945
I walk a lot
This way you can talk to your dentist while he's operating on you, cool
Gorgeous land – its borders washed by Danube strong,
Arnold Schwarzenegger wishes he had those hands.
so I think it most likely came from Latin but I'm not sure if the Czech *-ie* came from Latin or Germanic.
Similar in Slovak "Žalár národov" (žalár \[žal = žiaľ = big sadness; žalár - room of big sadness = prison\] is basically different name for temnica \[temný = dark; temnica = dark room = prison\], which is Slovak version of tamnica)
TL Note: Anti-Slovak means Anti-Fico.
Didn't start owning one until few years later, and even then many people just don't care or forget and leave the permanent address at their parents' anyway for years
My personal favourite is [Orava castle] Even several movies were made them like vampire classic Nosferatu and the new series The Rules of the Beast
I hope you got the joke and people wont be offended as I now realized it could have been way too subtle
Slovakia beating Finland in employment, What is going on in Finland ?
We google ourselves the most
From a distance he hears a shout: "Go fuck yourself I'm in the west
It happened toto me like thrice in my life that I had to wait on men bathroom to take a leak.
No you
You know, it's similar here
What
I think Turkey should be kicked out from NATO and forget about joining EU until they stop to oppress Kurds
Calling liars out on their lies isn't paranoia
San Diego basically saved USA in my eyes, great chill culture, good coffee (had good expresso with chilli and chocholate Mexican style) and amazing 50 cents tortillas
Not many tourists know we exists, so our national parks and nature is clean and silent, as it should be
He can talk coalitions after elections, most politicians avoid those issues pre-election.
Odkiaľ si ?
Having your economy dependant on a single stream of business is just terrible.
Since around 1998 it was devalued to 1,3 and this difference was never equaled since then (it oscillated around 1,2-1,3)
The existence of UN is a result of WWII.
Percentage of Torry party and Labour was within statistical error of most agencies.
Except Vermont
As Bratiskava resident, where
Similar thing is in Kazakhstan.
Especially if its something as German, Japanese and English combo
My BF in USA said he doesn't have insurance now, because he is switching careers
PPPeter i just really like his style of comedy he talks about the countries he visited and everyday things like glasses Gyms Schools etc
"Die Hard" is translated as "Smrtonosná pasca" which means "deadly trap".
When it will get independent, Im changing my nationality.
>It was never "the new shit", as communist ideas (on national scale) date back to French Revolution (Conspiracy of Equals)
She was also one of the pioneers who carried the flag in a parade when Fidel Castro visited Slovakia in June of 1972 and was hosted in Nitra (one of the largest and oldest cities in Slovakia)
They still think our county sucks tho :D
Here in Slovakia you can get on the bus using whichever door you want, since the ticket / card devices are placed behind every door
The exchange rate was getting worse every year and at worst it was ~50 SK for 1 eur
Especially liked the women portrayal too, the moderator and his mom work
Low migrant areas are voting for FN
Well that's a bit different though.
Of course not, we were merely a puppet, these kinds of things were decided in Moscow
God, this makes me happy RTVS (Slovakia) has managed to figure itself out and offers very decent journalism now.
Notslovenia
In fact, their system works so well people from other countries migrate there to realise their dreams
Americans are definitely more expressive
This is kind of stupid since the system against fake degrees was established couple of years ago, so it is not possible to copy academic works of other people and claim as own
Yup, part of the reason why I wouldn’t move back
What is wrong with ketchup on pasta and pineapple on pizza?
As a Pole, speaking with a Slovak was much easier than a Czech.
I can't seriously imagine politician or police officer who would try this
It doesn't work just like this.
None
Eastern Europe looks favourably at USA for two reasons
Also Yakutsk (it even has a population of 270k) is the coldest city in the world when measured by winter temperatures - daily mean for January there is [-38.6 °C] I've heard though that in the recent years temperatures weren't as low as they used to be.
Without these NGO ships and without possibility for illegal migrants to enter Europe the people smuggling would cease saving thousands innocent lives.
And the people there
But definitely not common
The Slovaks love it
Do people not learn history or what
They are especially pissed about southern Slovakia and Banat because the right of autodetermination of the people wasn't respected in 1919 there.
Slovakia do have terrible trains and railroads
In Slovakia we do it everywhere
They are bunch of twats with expensive beer.
I'd start in Gdansk in Poland, go south to Warsaw and visit places like Malbork and Torun on the way.
Didn't he do this more times
They also want to sell you more expensive drinks
Good, let them go to Germany if they accept them.
As I said, the same happened in Slovakia, with Kotleba.
The land-owning hungarian nobility in Slovakia would make the territory effectively Under Hungarian control even if it was populated by mostly Slovakian nationals.
No home office
Imagine they force their language on your children in schools, brutally suppress any attempts at creating a national sentiment in your countrymen, mercilessly slay innocent civilians when they try to bring a Slovak priest to consecrate their own churches, etc etc.
Yes, same happened to us
Is it
Plus only met the most amazing people from Latvia
I mean I understand stockpiling canned food and shit, since going outside will be prohibited and you are scared you will starve (still ridiculously overblown, but at least some sense is there)
I've got one of those
Also if you meet your cousin once again, send him my warmest greetings and tell him we will make sure to get our lowlands back to reunite Great Slovakia once again (/s)
Honestly fuck the people that go out and spread this shit
You go for your first shift, and you receive bus that has no brakes, uncontrollable engine and is on fire
These guys didn't even bother adhering to their own regional constitution
I have seen it stated a million times even on this subreddit after Brexit
Samsung would jump on a legal possibility to seize Apple's property really quickly.
EU membership has solved / calmed down entirely the immense animosity between Hungarian minority and Slovakian state/majority.
TIL there were 3 Cod Wars with Iceland
If you want to experience Czech culture then visit a smaller Czech city like Znojmo/Mikulov/Plzen/Brno or similar, since Prague is nowadays pretty much just a tourist city like all others
Anything is possible when there is a will to do it.
The Permanent Residency status laws are extremely outdated, and the process of changing your permanent residency is rather involved
I always kinda wondered how come that Prague is "eastern" Europe, while Vienna is "western" Europe.
Cinema verite films usually do
We celebrete it, but most of the people don't notice
in slovak it's 'ťahák'. it could be translated as 'puller'
I mean here cities and public transport is completely deserted for a week
Fries, langos, placky (grated potato pancakes) laska (potato pancakes ) and cigánská oecienka (it's not racist and it is just a chicken or pig meat between a bun like bread ish thing, but a lot harder and also onions and mustard )
in white shines wide and long rows of his tents
Whenever I see latinized Ukrainian, I wish they just used our alphabet
Tousty (that's how you call them in slovak)  are tasty af
I really love how they're making great use of the space around these new buildings
It is similar with Slovakia from Polish POV.
So what do you mean that he has fallen
It has its advantages, I actually kind of like it
So now they are paid nothing because this work is over.
Ono tým, že značné množstvo detských rozprávok pozerajú preložených v češtine (keďže slovenský ekvivalent neexistuje) sa môže stať, že začnú používať niektoré výrazy z češtiny bez toho aby si to vôbec uvedomovali
Should ethnicity be enumerated or asked about it in census?
Due to conflicts in Great Moravia some Moravians moved to Balaton, then further south
They reclaimed half of Donbass not by international law or what is rightfully theirs but by their tanks blasting the living shit out of russian separatists.
Classic
In slovakia this works pretty much like magic
My mom was a child at this time, to this day, she can't stomach watching movies set in this timeline because it makes her remember the gut wrenching feeling as her sister run to her and said "we have to go quickly shopping, war is coming
Accidentally the most effective teacher you could have
Coz lived there for half a decade, right next to somali neighbourhood.
Why can’t this god forsaken outbreak just end already
And not really saying it self, but during soviet era people used to say (and some still do jokingly):"keď klamem, nech sa na miesto do západného nemecka prepadnem" - If i lie, i shall fall on the spot into western germany (as western germany was being pictured as a terrible place, so it was a joke on communists)
Because there are projects being developed in the UK funded by EU money.
If it was some random slovak person, it wouldnt bring so much attention
Are you serious
I always check Eurostat for this kind of statistics and I am happy to see finally Serbia.
Except Hungary, but you know these guys.
But hey, thanks for remembering that Bratislava exists - that's more than can be said for a lot of people that make augmented maps
Like most people around here (Slovakia and neighboring countries) can’t pronounce english V and R properly
>Slovak surnames are also very diverse in general, in a group of 100 there's little chance there will be more people with the same surname unless they're a family (maybe twice Horváth or Kováč)
For example Finland or New Zaeland have been pretty good
Many gases (nitrogen and CO, for example) result in painless asphyxiation, but CO2 buildup is what triggers the need-to-breathe reflex.
I feel like they’re much more prominent in the countryside
"zlaté české ručičky" - gold czech hands (it is being used in czechia as "being handy", here is it being used in ironic way, if someone screw something up)
It's not complex at all, just three hills and double cross
I guess if you love malls and really expensive alcohol
Comes from the fact we are from the middle of Europe so we are not limited by one language and can borrow some words/namings from neighboring countries and "slovak" them
Members are expected to vote independently based on their believes
The part of Slovakia where I live it’s mostly ghost sightings, which is a pretty popular subject throughout the country
ty for the link, it's good that the autonomy was respected for such a long time
Slovensko means Slovenian(adjective) here.
Slovak government is just one big circus
The left likes to believe all right wingers are russian paid trolls.
So is dual citizenship OK in Slovakia now?
The  h o r n y  on this thread is so fucking sad
* 10 weeks of paid vacation on average thanks to RTT (extra day off).
If you took care of it, that car could put the newer one's to shame
Is it surrounded by mountains or something
That obviously isnt true, because they wouldnt vote for her, if they didnt want her
As a Slovak who prefers the sea over mountains, I am not complaining
In Slovakia they lost
Had the Soviets wanted safety, they would've allowed for the Polish army to be reinforced from the south east as the allies planned to
My hometown is boring, small nothing much happens
even what hitler did in germany was judged to be poor decision, and many things that were or are legal are against human rights, or even common decency, after all, germany apologized too, but damage had been done, and its ironic that usa historicaly claim WWII to be moral war against nazi regime, yet they did almost the same thing ( killing in concentration camps wasnt comfirmed until close to end of the war )
My friends and me took a small bus from Ciampino to the center and holy fuck the ride was an adventure, missing parked cars by centimetres
* list (letter or leaf)
There are always going to be people in power
So I would say exposure to the language helped a lot
They are doing too well, they should slow it down.
Slovak: This is a bit more tricky due to sex differentiation
SCW was caused by multitode of issues, climate change being one of them.
Yes thats true
FN has lowest support in the Atlantic regions, which also have the lowest immigration rates.
It does exist in North Africa, Middle East - but, how can you know it is not imported from Italy, or they made their own recipes, even if they call it pasta, it is waaaay away from true pasta taste (yeah I tasted it) that has a centuries of long history in Italy
I feel like people believe that 30 years we spend as an allied country to soviets would somehow erase all the thousands of years of history before
Nice try, Hugo Boss's PR department.
Did well with us or Slovenians.
Which reminds me, I still have to see Pony Park Slagharen
We pay twice, frickin twice as much for city that lacks metro.
One thing that wasnt mentioned yet is the right to receive medical treatment in other EU states for free.
He took his life 2 years later due to family reasons (years after occupation were turbulent for many families)
Fascinatingly, without the Holy
Mexico of western europe, that's good one :D
seriously I find Slovenia stupidly similar to Slovakia and Czech rep.
Fun fact, a unique conference room at H&K.
Oh we would notice
Way to go Poland
Mission accomplished in the UK, another 50 countries to go.
I met so many amazing women in kenya who were doing a lot for the community, so it was nice to see in American tv
Reminds me of my favorite Eastern Slovak verb in imperative that does not exist in Slovak - rošni
Some things American women seemed to be ok with that would just not fly over here)
Since you should carry your ID even if you're in your own home country, it really feels just like traveling from one region of Slovakia to another)
It was soo cold inside we used to congregate in the kitchen because we could warm that one up
5% - Corrupt and unsophisticated far-right overt 1488ers, nobody wants anything to have with them
Also, let's not forget that most of the parliament passionately denounced our ombudswoman's report (congressman Vašečka from OĽaNO called it 'rainbowy' for including her complaints about the state of LGBT+ rights in our country, which didn't even make most of the ombudswoman's report)
which agreement beneficial for the EU is UK willing to accept.
The best kind of humour
So easy and so nice
That has nothing to do with socialism
I didn't know that
I think we say it could be chinese
High Tatras and Bratislava probably
Oh, they are honoring the famous Slovak inventor Mikuláš Tesla!
With the coronavirus lockdowns, not only dolphins, turtles and other animals are slowly coming back to cities but also sunlight returns
It aint like they havent been doing for decades now
Yeah, it is usually whenever the local equivalent of parliament is not in session
I’d love to be fluent, the language is cool, I do enjoy the grammar for the most part, and it’s useful in Europe
You're right, the old administration fucked up royally.
And HR is complaining they cant find specialist, well color me surprised!
Same here, but instead of vidlák we have "sedlák". It's used mostly by Bratislava people, and it's even in their dialect
And there seem to be some occasional lost German there
In Slovak it’s also the same but we borrowed it not from Slavic, but Hungarian (at least that’s what I got from the fact Hungarian have the same words)
I shudder at the thought
But I am also not a club person anymore maybe KC Dunaj from time to time, but that's not really a club, I go to a better looking pubs
Its common interest of EU and Iran to diversify to Iran so why not do it?
The result was again shooting into the crowd with several shot dead and dozens heavily wounded
There is some beef in between our countries and good beef needs just salt to be tasty
Difference of costs of living, mate.
Same in Slovakia, we use "svetlé pivo" (light beer) for beers of yellow-ish colour
maybe when it comes to romana, im prepared to give them the yes, that the chunk romania chewed off was too big, how ever the whole trianon thing was mainly due to nations within the empire to have their own state, especially croatia and slovakia
No, I didn't have many comments with negative karma.
Mein Gott, muss das sein
London, Paris, Vienna, Budapest, Warsaw, Prague, Sofia, Bucharest, Berlin,
Their corrupt government passed a law decriminalizing theft and nepotism.
I'M SURROUNDED BY MAD MEN, MAD MEN I SAY
But don't you worry, I'll reprimand her for you the next time I see her
The highly questinable borders drawn after the collapse of Austro - Hungary have unleashed so much hates between Slovakia - Hungary, Romania - Hungary that is still very much alive today and will still be very much alive for long decades.
Nope
We have something "similar" as well, but it works fuck all as it is directly under minister of interior.
But speaking of one Czechoslovak would not be possible
Literally every single country in the world except Switzerland is a backwards shithole compared to Norway
We are pretty much interested in everything, art, architecture, history, looking to see the best places along our route have to offer!
Thats actually a great idea
what are you talking about please
I'm surprised how little progress Slovakia is doing, given how well their economy is booming.
Yknow whats funny, we have 2 words for it :D
Everyone who doesn't blindly hate Trump and Russia is stupid and should get downvoted.
Few weeks ago media started talking about it
Can't give you points in Eurovision as we, unfortunately, don't participate.
Whats up with Estonia
If I recall correctly - not at all
It is believed that the split, which eliminated most tensions between the nations, made it possible that we view each other in even better light than before.
People thought she will get out of it with their connections in hungary
Slovakia is doing far better than Poland even if it has its own bunch of crazies around, trust me.
Because then would poland go bancrupt
Its hilarious how you actually managed to lie to yourself that you, as a country, are doing that for any other reason that upcoming elections.
yea
> I dont see any good reason to have months named differently then rest of the world
I can undersand russian even tho my only experience with it was learning cyrilics which wasn´t that hard I can´t understand people when they speak (except for some random words) but when I see something written in russian I can understand it 90% of the times
And I am scared about jobs too
I love the EU, but I don't think that our sanction-rain on Russia is working
I only recognize the UK and Germany’s anthem
It blew my mind, even though it completely makes sense, I mean, if it works it works
Forget about english, my question basically was, if there are russian words with sequence "иа" which would be pronounced as "ия". Because in slovak "ия" would be transcribed as "ija", but it is basically never written this way, it is always written as "ia" wich is alternative to russian "я" - as a letter
They have known this is gonna happen
Its not like pro-Russian feelings are alien to full population.
First thing my erasmus friends usually did was to buy a heater
And clergy took massive amount of power following fall of commies in return.
(obviously that's a stretch, but who doesn't dream)
heh the british lmao
Robert Fico
Are there any movies that portray anything well
I was buying plaster in San Francisco and the girl in the shop looked at me as if I was stupid
I thought CNN, BBC, Fox News, NYT, TheGuardian or Washington Post always report the truth
Plus voting in parliament and such is disproportionate, meaning that larger countries get less seats per capita in the parliament while very small countries get more per capita, however this affects only Malta and Germany and only by a little.
Towards the end of the interview, he implies he himself is considering resignation
quality shitpost
It's "madloba" in Georgian, "obrigado" in Portuguese and ~~"eucharistio"~~ "efharisto" in Greek, I believe
I mean we together for a longer time in one entity even with Croatia than Czech lands
You can easily spend 5 days just exploring the city, and the rest in the nearby county, which is incredible.
So I basically only use Slovak to talk to my family and well at college
Though these will be difficult to watch without knowledge of our country
I have never heard anyone say anything about spanish village in slovakia
Slovakia toughens church registration rules to bar Islam
Disgusting, oppressive and poor prison of nations which was so weak it collapsed on its own
It's sooo freaking weird
But lot of the snow melted, so you have to go higher up and I highly doubt that there will be more fresh powder this season
Edit: actually samos empire would be above germany and russia, wery proud about that
Terrible hangover though
It is not bound to any ideology or religion
no ani som si neuvedomil že no ma toľko významov lol
6% center right traditionalist anti-corruption party, though a bit shady
Now some other EU city/cities will drain rest of the EU.
still better than our cult member
We were so nazi that even the real nazis were shocked how good nazis we made
Also Czech Republic is very anti russian too and the president is not the leader of Czech Republic, their Prime Minister is so stop spreading lies.
Also I’m not religious so I’m not one of those people who actively seek out the biggest church in any city they visit (I have a couple of friends like that, not sure how common this behavior is elsewhere)
I'd be curious whether the ordinary Turks are aware of what incredible level of bullsh*t this guy is talking.
I can see why, but its Balkans, that shit simply rolls there every now and than.
Firstly, thanks for your effort oh my god
I mean media using these words is the same meaning as Camps in Poland
When they're staying away from hot button issues is when Vice are at their best.
I don’t see why any of the EU27 would be against Scotland joining the EU
EUR per one helicopter and that is only a helicopter and no modernization included.
I've never heard about this
You come, go where you shouldn't, stick yourselves under an avalanche, and wait for someone to rescue you.
Since our dishes are similar to yours
I wish you all the best
Well, regional dialects in Slovakia usually differ much more from standard Slovak than standard Czech from colloquial Czech
I think the same about you based on your comments in this thread-especially those I 1st responded to.
Also the historical capital of Hungary one time
You can take it out from the tub and put it in a bucket I guess?
I like my booze
ah i forgot about those two, belgium as well afaik
Our state TV decided it is not worth the money (imo rightfully) - not enough interest of public partially because of pathetic results.
Look how liked Babis is there, we can guarantee the best quality of corruption
Thank you for electing communists after WW2, those 40 years were enjoyable
That's not EC but Eurostat, which is a EU statistical research organ
Reverse one
It is really really hard for me to believe that was not intentional scam ...
It is being build since 70s, it is becoming more of a legend than a real deal
We have mountain triad too, so of we left only that people would be too much confused as it would look even more like Slovenia.
>Yes
Bro, beer is like 13,000 years old and you listed some discoveries, not inventions
When people say it can't be worse, they have no idea what they are talking about ...
He says again: "Good evening Sun
Matúš Čák.
I don't know what to believe anymore
And they were even the same country!
And literally all sane people know we need these things, maybe not so many, but they know we need them - save for treehuggers and other lunatics.
Edit: for those who don’t know Bratislava is basically next to vienna
Also muslim mostly means arabic here.
Surely there are some beneath several castles
But I guess I definitely need to check out other European anthems
Dammit, what is with countries and not having a law against civilians participating in foreign wars?
For those i suggest to cross slovak-urainian border
ok, so there seems to be a new thread on the prediction of the status of UK economy post-brexit appear on this sub 20x a week.
Where did I write I hate the EU ?
That's not EC but Eurostat, which is a EU statistical research organ
Something similar that Swiss bank did with franc
My friend lives in Paris for past 5 or 6 years.
In Prague a beer is usually 30-40 czk (1
Right there with you
Making fun of Czechs because of the classic 'Socks&Sandals' duo
Also saw here a rant about "whining" Poles.
The leader of that group - Marián Kotleba - is just pure dictator material
Ive never been to Košice and it makes me sad
Yed few students no problem but generally speaking whole country would be against larger migration of black people/doesnt matter if muslim from Nigeria or christian from Haiti.
The thing is, it's not common knowledge in Slovakia right now, because it's pretty much left out from textbooks.
They went from near-to-collapse after dissolution of Czechoslovakia to economic miracle.
I mean yeah they dont write in book that HATE HUNGARY/HUNGARY BAD, obviously
You should get off the beaten path a bit and check out Zdar on the Slovakia/Poland border.
But Fox news told me you guys are socialists wtf
You did not read my post properly.
Although Bratislava has always placed a huge emphasis on people ([Ruzinov] is an amazing district with lots of trees, parks and greenery, despite housing tens of commie blocks)
I answered a similar question some time ago:
red when reds did control industry, nice
Well, far right in Hungary (JOBBIK) is directly linked with Kremlin and according to polish secret service reports, so is far right in Slovakia (LSNS).
For example, the word for door is always plural in Slovak and you can often hear Slovaks say they "opened the doors" or so, even though they mean just one door
*Turkish protesters have been photographed stabbing oranges and holding signs reading “fascist Holland”.*
Yes, also most of the Slovaks have their accent in czech even though they live there for many years and were exposed to language since childhood
a lot of slovaks describe german as "the sound of a chainsaw"
Koruna Ceska was (and is) pretty stable currency and is viewed by many Czechs as part of national pride
Many are very conservative and overly religious
might as well call west slavs "honorary hungarians"
I want snow
enter extreme right-wing parties
Maybe no smell at all is it most significant trait, just fresh mountain air
Those BMW drivers are getting more creative every day
Or basically everywhere outside capital to be honest
german tree for english speakers  is the best and longest one
I’m not even sure how many there are but the main 3 ones are the western dialect, the mid-country dialect and the eastern dialect
Other than that - two old dudes, quite similar honestly, and biden will be easier to push around, i am afraid
Highway connecting Bratislava and Košice of course
You stop giving shit about age after yoy stop being a teenager
My favorite pub in my district for example couldnt care less about that "adjacent to kitchen" rule.
I guess there will be different responses from, for example, France and Estonia, but I'm very interested in this as I'm great fan of history.
Stary dobry Meciar
on ICE?) is a Japanese sports and anime television series about figure skating.
This person is always center of attention, he is basically meme, because he gets his words mixed up and his sentences don't make much sense
These guys add on to old promise, saying they are *HONESTLY* normal, regular people and that they *WILL* truly and justly deal with *all* those who do bad shit to them
"russká robota" - russian job (sloppy job)
Would be a lot higher if we dropped north and east.
It is only blocked in some countries
viac sa posnažiť treba ;) a poriadne domáce zaváraniny k tomu
To his memorial, we built a "bank of love" in the most picturesque town in Slovakia, Banska Stiavnica, where couples come to celebrate their love
I'm not saying Polish politicians were angels (they probably were far from that, like any politicians in any country), but ours only cared about enriching themselves, not giving a damn about the fact that they were irreparably fucking up the country.
I suspect their options are pretty limited
Both accessible for tourists with a guide
I think there’s strength in numbers and that cultures aren’t associated with language or country
Slovaks wanted to write the name with a hyphen (Česko-Slovensko)
Dubcek was all for democracy - but under communist party leadership.
But it really is where I live ha
It’s still illegal in a number of countries, e.g. Germany and Poland
That's true however foreigners are easy money for the police.
I get a feeling you may be sarcastic, but since you didn't tag it as a sarcasm and since one can never know on the Internet, I will reply to you.
Is there any way to support the regulators ? or boycott Facebook or something
“Medvedík čistotný” for us, something along “clean little bear”
Romanian and Slovakian favorability in the poll is very strange,gallup polls had the Romanian favorablity of Russia at 15% and Slovakian favorability at 21% as recently as 2014.
For example Japanese, or Swahili can get you some really nice translation jobs
In 100 years, highway from Bratislava to Košice will still be 4 more years away from being finished
Possibly egg too
My personal favourite is Marcus Aurelius, the last of the five good emperors, and a stoic - I really liked his book (diary) - Meditations, part of which he has apparently written in the area of modern day Slovakia
Your ability to connect things that don't make sense is very interesting
I'm personally a "finally taking a shit in the comfort of your home after being away all day" connoisseur
By the way, an hour ago it was announced he had been tested positive too
probably Dunajská Streda or Komarno, because the majority of the speakers don’t speak  Slovak or they don’t speak or well, so when you go there as a Slovak you’re often looked at as If you were an alien
I just personally found Bradavice weird
How is the west responsible for Russian criminals seizing Russian assets and monetizing them for their own benefit?
I think you forgot about ruski
Sorry for separating you
So what
So that's the leisure
Huuungary
Northern regions- mountains, forests, bears eating trash, Gypsies, unofficial graveyard of Czech and Polish tourists, people often vote for neo-Nazis, drunk shepherds carrying long [axes]
That is sad
Just don't try it it's hard
They were so heartbroken
Honorary mention to Staré hory
Nobody in his right mind would do that, knowing my temper and size
Similarly a bit with Vietnam
German
I think it would be fair to acknowledge that the anti-Hungarian sentiment in the 90s and the 00s didn't have much to do with the books and the constitution, unless you can explicitly show the examples
Eg Jordan has excellent internal security and is incredibly safe, even despite millions of refugees from Syria living there.
And the ride back in a taxi was even worse
Combining with army could make sense if there was overlap between army and sports personal (I can imagine that physical training for army and some sports can be similar)
I wouldn't speak in a dialect in public simply because it's been considered wrong and uneducated in the past century
Especially liked the women portrayal too, the moderator and his mom work
What’s with Germany
And when it comes to central and eastern europe
The “most Slovak” names are found usually in the middle part of Slovakia and around the mountains
Number of tourism nights spent in the EU slightly up in 2016.
If anything they were oppressors of Slavs not compatriots.
Yes media are making stories out of food problems here all the time/both czech and slovak media
We already practiced in 1960's.
"You know, we are not that different you and i". I would say if it comes to this judging, you are at top of the list, to the point it's not even being viewed as positive (like this kind of "positive discriminaton" in the case with Swiss for example) but as one of us, so like Czechs, polish
Even you Hungary  Honestly i got used to it
>.>**
I was also impressed by their portrayal of Kenya
Turkey is eurasian country, Istanbul is well known bridge between Europe and Asia so I do understand why some people call Turkey European (I personally call Turkey Asian or Eurasian).
They are similar
Maybe you haven't noticed but the leader of Iran is a religious dictator for life that has the last word in everything
And most agree, that would work.
Slovakia is not a popular country for migration due to lower living standards compared to e.g. Germany so exotic restaurants are still considered rare and/or unique outside of capital
There are thousands of Slovaks in Prague where I live.
But when talking to my grandparents, who prefer Hungarian channels, I can see how it influences them (they say we need a strong ruler like Orban or Putin, migrants are a plague etc
ok, russia, slovakia, red light district.
Than again, it would hold some rationale.
But generally things that are usually eaten around UK are a pass for me
I do that too sometimes with my food so I have my other hand free to do other stuff
And he lost since that would mean also control over rest of oligarchy which wanted to keep status.
Italian, Spanish and French sound good as well, but not as much as these other languages
I mean what are the reasons you’d like to immigrate to a dennmark when it’s similar country (at least from my POV)
Anyway, I'd like you to know Italian is the second degree, when it comes to Slovak bosses ranting about someone, who did not comprehend their instructions
Woman who urinated on the Quran arrested, awaiting trial
officialy it's only New year's eve, but some people do it also on Christmas
We are western slavs, in Central Europe
While everything US does is great, good, sometimes ugly or bad-but never evil.
I recognised tje beginning part right away as it set in national park Slovakian paradise on a famous viewpoint basically crawling with people taking photos
Where from are you
Places like Moldova, Ukraine or Belarus.
Surnames from the west won't have Ľ, in the east you can find more ŠČ, DZ and DŽ. Some endings also reflects the dialects, like -lák in the west, -liak in the centre, -ľák in the east
hungarian submarine fleet
Because you add plenty of description like assembly instructions, surface treatment, tolerances standards, various descriptive texts in order to retain precision after surfaces treatment, etc...
I need to do better
This is what V4 countries were saying from the beginning.
I wondered how would they ever manage to squeeze Russian wheel into Prague squares
have a turnip, Baldrick
3) Czechs have a strong anti-authority attitude.
But seriously, [here] a quick introduction
That's not true, since only first two parts of song are national anthem
So I think the neighboring etiquette is whatever fits you and your neighbors
Some americans have
So they were treated much better than men, who are often viewed a bit skeptically
I think those words are synonyms in this case
How does it relate to the map though
Finally Slovaks united with Czechs in 1918 into the common country of Czechoslovakia
The way Westminster sees it in shit they want with nothing in return.
No questions
brothers till hockey starts
Agreed, after the Jaguar deal I cant imagine to take on more car factories.
Do you think Slovakia is any better off than Western Europe in this?
No, but I plan on moving to Czechia for at least a few years, maybe even stay
Other than that I'd say it's not common at all.
Pictures of Jesus, church promotions
I don't hate them, I just want the Pannonian sea back
We want to live in a country like that and a lot of people look up to you with regards to all this
The new format was introduced in 2005 (or 06).
Skáče jak Srb - jumping like Serb , meaning someone is aggressive
I mean, it's good and relatively stable business, but hey, ⅓ of economy in one sector is just too risky.
Rasta braids - he does drugs
I walked all over Slovakia at night
Very popular
Would be cool if the city names had alternative/historical names (I'm from Bratislava so maybe *Pressburg* or *Prešporok* would looks good)
Wow, that’s cheap AF
I think the biggest problem of Sofia and the country for that matter is Sofia's overall attitude towards the rest of the country.
I mean, point taken, it's just that mutually intelligibility shouldn't be counted as knowing the other language, but have it your way
Also yea, why is Czech republic full of hugest mountains
What are your offering in exchange
On intercity buses, between for example Bratislava and another city, the only way you can get on is by the front door and you have to buy a ticket off the driver as well
Oh yes, the latter is well known too
Terribly disillusioned with capitalism
This will be offensive, and I'm sorry, but Copenhagen felt like a more expensive version of Amsterdam with less charm
Doesn't excuse Russia just yoinking a part of neighbor's sovereign land though
He just doesn't shut up, does he?
Wait, Langoš is Hungarian
(I just found out that because of this Europe's day is celebrated in Košice on [6th of May] don't ask me why)
No joke, my dad's old firm used Lada Nivas to rescue stuck off road cars in the forests and mountains
And definitely do not want to be a girl born there
near zero marginal cost of multiple copies).
Questions like Brexit should be decided by 3/4 majority, but it's too late to make a u-turn now.
Also always talks about cars
Wow, the no contract part actually scared me quite a bit
Holywood . That's pretty much it
Český a Slovenský jazyk su vzájomne rozumiteľné
I'm in love
Mussolini was just desperatly trying not to look like a bitch in front of hitler lol
They piss everywhere, climb on monuments, wear stupid things, are really loud and somehow think they can pick up girls
Moldova has excellent wineries, if you are in that sort of thing.
It is considered an criminal act in Slovakia too.
The most interesting things are way back in history or it’s just common Slavic stereotypes we all share
I also assumed north or Italy
This happened a long time ago
Hah thanks, why you think that
"na židáka" - like a jew (meaning if someone is avoiding to pay but takes something out of it, like for example goes to the party, brings nothing but is drinking what others brought)
He is the epitome of mafia and corruption
scrolling with wine
If so, can anyone drop a link to it
Masaryk University in Brno is the best Slovak university hands down
You can drink the water from toilet here, since we flush with drinking water aswell
His daughter said that she found out about this the next day when the photo of her father was published
that´s their homeland, the cradle for sons of Slavs
Slovak - one of the hardest languages in the world.
Does it mean anything by itself, the origin in the Latin "creation" is a pretty good explanation.
it is really hard to explain
Life was bad before that but became much worser after the act and Heydrich was not really that important
What
the further from central european christian valued slavic countries, the harder the integrating
as a hobby
Yeah these are amazing
Zápach (bad smell) and Vôňa (good smell) have opposite meanings
Same here
I posted this somewhere before but anyways:
Hungarian cuisine is one of the best
Bremainers looked at Scotland and just went "hey, look, Westminster has been screaming for over a year how everything will go down the fucken shit and they won the referendum"
Burgenland and Niederosterreich - slowly being absorbed by Slovaks and Hungarians (really, a lot of people move and work there)
Or there were many people ( bolo tam pokokot ľudí )
There is a love for skiing here
I probably live in some different world.
1244 does not state the future status of kosovo, meaning it can be changed but for now kosovo is serbia by unsc resolution, wich can be changed in the future
It would render to German as "unterficken". I don't know how clearly I put it, but if one thinks in some blend of Slovak and English, it just fits perfectly
She just decided she quits and that was it.
But to equate that with people being put behind bars for informing people on what those who hold power do with it is a giant display of ignorance, and frankly, laughable
Yes, definitely
Nice
Russia - well iron curtain happened, we were there
Will Trump lift the sanctions?
The world has become more divided as there are countries that dont want to recognize it and staunchly oppose it, even in the EU 5, Spain, Cyprus, Greece, Slovakia and Romania, member states do not want to recognize it.
Svatopluk (they call him the first Slovak king, even though that's nonsense)
Honestly, this has been real possibility since last summer when war with PKK restarted and AKP moved forward with seizure of power.
Names after weekdays - Spišský Štvrtok (Spiš Thursday), Spišská Sobota (Spiš Saturday), Dunajská Streda (Danube Wednesday), Rimavská Sobota (Rimavan Saturday)
Besides that perhaps some nature around, Dunaj and that’s it
Does any language have a specific word for that dull feeling people get on Sunday evening, thinking about going to work/school the next morning, realizing it's still their leisure time, but it's too late to travel anywhere, start working on a major thing around the household or, foremost, get drunk
Overall a quiet nonessential personnel in the office
Alternatively, getting shanked on my way from work, since crime was high as fuck back then
We laugh at Americans (not that our system is not fuck.ed up, but in different way)
The EU's rules for membership is that the deficit should be no more than 3% of its total GDP.
Seriously
well
You can virtually walk around the castle using street view, its actually really kool.
Didn't TTIP disintegrate the moment Trump got elected?
Daily form is free if taught in official (Slovak) or minority language
In Slovakia the traditional shots were 5cl but recently most bars switched to 4cl
Hey r/europe, a friend of mine are going to Europe for 28 days, our current(rough) itinerary is London-Brussles-Amsterdam-Paris-Lyon-Zurich-Vienna-Prague-Slovakia(we will spend a lot of extra time here because he has quite abit of family)-Budapest.
I honestly have big problem with winters, all this cold weather, being dressed like an astronaut, always dark
Most often in English, but there are times, when the dub is pretty good and enhances the experience
Italy, which had about 30% less GDP per capita than us before the war, had bigger GDP per capity than us by about 5.5 times in 1990.
For example in Rotterdam which is largest port in Europe are only 4-5 percent containers scanned.
His brother Paul used to be present there before he passed away
[amazing joke mens))]
Oh yeah our ones are just straight up killed
I mean we paid them to take our jews
I wish people would just stop arguing about pointless borders and cultural disputes and just started accepting each other and strive together for technological and societal progress
But there won't be real nightlife like in NY or so
Just like we put nazis under surveillance.
Well, we had small debt, small deficit, inflation in order and correct legislation.
Didn't see proper snow for 2 years
Nothing else to see here
Brno is overrated, Olomouc is the heart of Moravia
We'll help out
Orban is being all buddy-buddy with Putin again, and Czech Republic/Slovakia would rather stick with Germany than the fairly unpredictable Poland.
Definitely the [Apollo Bridge] in Bratislava
It was possible only thanks to millions Germans who (were) moved to West/East Germany after the war or who died as soldiers or civilians during the WW2.
Our mentality basically changed that people are tanned because they go on vacations while in Asia having pale skin means having a comfortable (and probably decently-paid) office job
The Ginger Monkey hostel is there as well as plenty of cheap and cozy guest houses.
Slovakia with them visible borders
Shame about that war they started
Russians aren't fighting in this war
There is just something really appealing in anthems, haha
Not exactly what you asked because it relates to currency, but Czech students often measure their expenses in beers
After FIFA 19 I hate croquetas so much
If one group control government and president office, they have unlimited power basically
Though I am still voting far right, because I do not agree with taking (more) refugees.
Hopefully this year
Embracing them both in one being"
Younger people calling teleshopping scam
Scotlabd already fullfils all membership criterias as it is a member.
Thanks, internet
The current government actually perceives them as an opposition, but they can't do much about it because for the first time in forever, RTVS is popular
You have Orthodox Slavic culture (Russia, Belarus, Ukraine) influenced by Eastern Roman Empire/Greece and Catholic/Protestant countries (Czech rep., Slovakia, Poland, Slovenia, Croatia) influnced by Rome/HRE.
With proper medical procedures they will not.
You said you wouldn't tell anyone
I meant that I would probably say "Police exist*s* to maintain law and order
Got me ... What we do for karma ...
Prussia and Germany overall before the world wars
My "american" commentary was unrelated to actually political arguments, i was referring to the "Black or White" way of thinking, where everything is either perfectly good or perfectly wrong
Transylvania is also quite funny, they speak more slowly, and use absolutely hilarious words and expressions (my favourite is the Gyergyó-region).
I like the style of the UK's more, but Canada's seem friendlier.
Maybe one bigger house / apartment in capital city or two smaller ones
It was crazy, reckless and stupid move.
Also, how about Varangian Guards?
Better than usual
What is purchasing power based on
Damn Hungarians they ruined Hungary
I will add:
I'd believe that this is nothing special
So no need of his previous partner to get involved
Exactly
You need iTunes to sync files while with Android I can just plug it in to any PC and it acts like another drive
In Slovakia, it was similar, Kotleba (LS-NS) got into the parliament largely thanks to younger voters.
But calling Czech Rep, Poland, Slovakia "eastern europe" is just bullshit.
2018 - More like a controlled PM swap from Fico to Pellegrini
What will follow, making fun of Scots and their kilts
Fucking bribed morons
Yes I get that
* cope (in the **plait**)
Jozef Tiso is buried there, so you can bring a keyboard down there and press F to pay respect, or you can spit on the grave, depending on which side of the political spectre you are leaning towards)
) so that we could finally outnumber their anti-EU views
I was there as an exchange student and we had separate dorms exclusive to exchange students which were furnished
People stand the same way here
šukať is slovak
You can call czech republic however you want in portuguese
Looks like a good thing
Why play games
They are in the EU now, they voted to stay and none of the Brexit stuff is their fault
He's also very much against migration
Isn't there a society that goes every year to Turku's Kauppatori and jumps on it to sink the city to the sea
Somewhere
And before than we had some celts I think
Second class food import from the Western Europe isn't enough ?
He is pretty strong eurofederalist, socialists opposed to austerity that CDU has been flag-bearer of and more idealist than Merkel which is more technocratic.
"What do you call praying mantis
The building is shit, and so are its residents
Do you even know which posts he edited?
If I ever ended up on death row, I'd request it as my last meal, without pickles and along with Steiger 10° beer, to look forward to the execution
Lately I caught myself pronouncing some d's in certain words like an Indian, since I have Indian coworkers
I also do believe that Schäuble has a point here.
To be fair, the economic and the political part of the project came hand in hand.
USA are based on immigration and Harvard educated people, especially if integrated like 4th generation whites or Asians are not going to be involved in typical OC ventures, but people who are not integrated and coming in large numbers will stick with their own (yes Italian, Irish, Jewish or Polish gangs were well known century ago)
Poland is suspiciously quiet
I almost forgot it is the “šišky” time of the year already
cz but then I realized you had literally mentioned it in your post hahaha
The situation is stupid, but I don't think his move was
They ate just a bit more needy than cats
You know, a doctor would tell you it's actually more important to wash your hands before going to the bathroom than after.
A lot more than Slovakian Hungarians visiting Hungary.
The fact that you remember and resent the act is very nice of u.
The best European army would be an army with German technology, German leadership, German discipline, and Slovak food.
Its just looking for ways to still be a victim
A Slovak that doesn't complain about everything (even made up things)
If it’s family or friends, I go with “no lásko
Skiing in the snowy forrest, Slovakia
However, ironically, in my building we have the ground-floor marked with 1 in the elevator, because the building was designed by an Israeli company (and to my knowledge, in Israel they have a similar system as in the USA where the ground-floor is considered 1)
The house front door has also no handle on the outside, but the terrace doors can be easily opened from the outside
Absolutely this
22-23 is my preferred temperature range for living (not too hot, not too cold)
THIS
Finally, a politician who wasn't afraid to address the elephant in the room
I am really impressed wirh what Germany managed
nemôžem za to, že očividne chabé prevedenie zničilo jedlo, ktoré môže byť tak chutné!
The Lowlands are in the southwest, and other than that mixed between some mountain ranges
I love them as a kid because it eas the only place I wasnt sick and still do
* *male virgin predators*
but we also travelled on vacation.
Like the new Jedi knight from The Force Awakens?
To me its kinda wasteful and not very ecological
If you make a good living, life here is FABULOUS
Old name in Slovak was Prešporok, or was changed in 1919
There were lot of people in party or in military organizations
It's as easy as that
No, wherever you go to doctor they take you inn, diagnose you and send you on your merry way, no questions asked, no money paid
I can't tell how large this statue is
I was in Prague few years back, and I remember being surprised when I saw police armed with assault rifles at Masarykovo nádraží. However, I haven't seen armed officers anywhere else in Prague
Billboards and banners got somewhat banned in Slovakia as well which is really pleasing
It's something I'd think to hear from Alex Jones
I struggle to see the basis for your assumption that the offer was made in good faith, considering how many times Stalin betrayed his word (especially to the Poles)
Reserve currencies generally dont spike up and down like a moody teenager so Id say no.
Here in Slovakia if you are in smaller city expect to pay around 300-400€ rent + energies for 3 room flat around 64m and make from 600 to 1000 depending on the field
I still believe this summer will be the hottest on record
Wait, so Turin is the English name
For example in this map - what's the story here
This idiot just tried to attack a commando, with a knive...
I feel like many people who support communism dont really know how society/country works
We joined cause we were afraid of Russia
No, instead you have to create a profile on their shitty intranet, fill in everything your CV contains and than...upload the CV anyway.
England, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Croatia, Bosnia, Austria, Slovakia, Slovenia, Denmark, Sweden, Poland, Holland, Hungary, Greece (Corfu), Cyprus, Ukraine, Russia, Vatican City (although I hate the concept of micronations), Portugal and Czechia.
Was interested also in british when brexit was a hot topic but recently i do not care anymore
It is usually better to check particular vanues/places upfront
are
And yet people here still get furious at you when you say something bad against Russia or Putin
But many people see him also as a national hero, just because he managed to keep Slovakia's existence as a German puppet state and we were "prosperous".
I have had my grandparents in Slovakia (we eat carp for Christmas dinner as well, traditionally) do that in early 2000s for sure.
Azeris has exactly zero Israeli bases and they are jacked up on armenian conflict.
Some people that know history could be angry, but overall people here glorify germans as the hardest workers on the planet earth and say that everything made in Germany is top quality
National uprising bros, again
Czechia was like >90% Roman Catholic before communism, but afterwards, only Slovakia emerged with strong religious numbers.
Playing victims
I understand those back in the day - as it was "the new shit", and it was at the beginning of industrial revolution
S-senpai
But trust me, people from uninteresting countries, all you have to do, is become Slovakia to be interesting again
But these guys that are storming the borders are not asking for asylum in Spain.
Stayed the same: shitshow before corona, shitshow after corona
From the clothes too, but also the way you talk or express yourself
Only then the option of nuking Russia is thing worth consideration.
We used to play "podkopavana", kinda like football, but you didn't have goals, you just had to dribble the ball, while the others tried to trip/kick you and take the ball away and be the chased one
Just after then people started realize that we might be of a different ethnicity since we speak a very different language
Fireworks are allowed only 1 hour on new years
Where from are you
the unifying hallmark are bullet holes
Same in Slovakia
Like I dunno much about current, I never felt like any books I got in school were very current, and yeah our constitution was pretty much sentence after sentence, first declaring our independence and after that declaring that no other nation can rule over us mainly hungarians, or something like that
Just crown Schwarzenberg already
excuse me but between me and my bf it's him using a shit ton of tp, so yeah but also no
It's a song about relationship between western and eastern slovak, (eastern Slovaks speak incredibly different slovak language then rest of slovaks thanks to them being near Ukraine so we often don't know what they are talking about
This looks totally like Bratislava, except for a few minor differences
Swiss described as a SMALL KOSOVA ?
UK : Anglo-Saxon invasion
Wow
Sadly, our language is standardized to death in our educational system and any dialectal influences are frowned upon
They are all staged and taken on purpose though
I fucking love German soft drink culture, with the glass returnable bottles and selection of drinks, just fits my taste perfectly
You should be an insipration for the construction of our D1
Sure I get that, but how can you include Poland and Hungary and not Slovakia then?
Thank you, did you mean red onion or white onion
Of course all this what I'm saying does not apply to everyone but (judging from the polls) "only" to a majority but even when somebody is against gays, they'll do nothing about it 99,9% of the time (and the remaining % are idiots you can find in every country) because of "well it doesn't affect me so I don't care what they do" mentality.
Most people do not mind, but good minority is against foreigners and black people are more visible.
Yeah, right and when it comes to that attitude dont complain about Trianon, cool?
This is quite interesting, that you put sport into the same category as defense and civil protection
Spain is less religious than Slovakia, Poland, even Italy, Portugal, etc., which does make a difference.
Biden or trump, what is the difference
I don't hate it but I'm not really a big fan of the Slavic tri-color.
Na čom, samozrejme, nie je nič zlé, keďže naše jazyky sú si také podobné a značné množstvo našej populácie používa takzvané bohemizmy úplne prirodzene, len skrátka nie sú spisovné podľa našich slovníkov
The cars, the streets, the houses, the portions, everything
If Russia invade any Baltic country no western European country will defend you.
Reverse one
"I mean we together for a longer time in one entity even with Croatia than Czech lands "  - I have no idea what that sentence is suposed to mean
Latvian, Lithuanian and Estonian: USSRentry.
But it says Persil, that's for clothes not shampoo
I'll leave the comment stand anyway
Unfortunately modern feminists don't care about men issues (even though they claim to  be for equality)
I also find a bit strange that this comes from "intellectuals". Like what do they think it is going to look like
It's kind of obvious that the deeper the discussion gets the closer it gets to the roots of it's influence and WWII is bound to get mentioned sooner or later.
Sometimes I get angry when I cant take both skis and snowboard when I go skiing, because I take a bus to the resort or a train, but thats it
Complain to your MEP enough and it might get moved to Slovakia :)
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
How tf is this worse in slovakia than in hungary
I know I know, Kuko is hosting there
Each country is going to present its own visions and interests.
Romania has one of the highest growth rates in EU.
My dad's friend is from Slovakia and he goes to Canada/USA whilst my family has been wanting (myself included) to go to America for years.
Yes, in russia yes
Beer, best served with some sausage and fresh bread/buns/rolls
Yea, it's a train it has doors every few meters why would you stand close at 1 place,
There are places where the industry is lacking the workforce and there are places where the workforce is in abundance, so now instead of both regions suffering it balances itself out.
Nah, we have the original right.
Spolu: center-right
Yes
Poland
i know that place" lol
Germany wants to protect 100.000 of its jobs by not finning VW, same goes for Renault in France, fiat in Italy and on top of that you have supply chain in Chechia, Slovakia, Slovenia Romunia, etc.
I am here because I got a full ride scholarship to a great school, then fell in love with an American, and stayed here
Before elections many go like "yeah, sure, fuck it, I will vote Wilders", but when it comes to it its like "yeah, Im not going to do that.
Therefore I'd suggest to paint his as neither a hero nor a genocidal maniac
It's no France or Italy, but we have some lesser-known wineyard areas that are considered premium good
Because NZ can afford to lock itself down
Cyanide
You cannot rly compare history with czech to that with hungarians, yeah we probably were on par with everybody at some point in time, but the last 150years of empire (maybe more hard to evaluate) we were basicaly slaves in "our" empire
Around the time I learned about continents.
At least I am
Fairly ubiquitous, even in rural areas
Austrians ,, Yugos,, and Turks.
Notable mention to Charles's University in Prague too
They just change their program to suit new laws, but it's the same people who agreed with shooting at own citizens for trying to escape the country.
Has the country of [jakubmarian
On Moon you do not really have to care for environment much.
Excuse me if I don't have the need to deep fry myself every thursday
Its has the fame aspect, its the biz
Especially anywhere with Japanese company in Europe as their language proficiency with European languages is usually ehm lower
To me those 4 countries are the central Europe
Just this week it come out that Head of the Slovak National Council, copied his final Final thesis back in 2000
After its fall at around 903 the country split and Principality of Nitra became separate entity again
You may dislike Macron becausw of his proposed policies, but Fillon greatest con isnt ideology but fact that he was embezzeling public finances for his own gain.
I think you have hotter girls, more natural looking in Slovakia.
President as written below is supposed to be less controversial figure, who keep nation united (because PM can be quite polarized person for obvious politicial bias), also as written below, there are expectations that government can change and president should stay (even has longer serving period)
I wouldnt live there comfortable life as I would in New Zealand, USA, Australia and so on.
It just wasn't "our" state and we place the Year One in 1993
They're not uncommon, but the part you don't see is that these public procurement are continuously audited and if discrepancies are found, a corresponding part of the contribution will have to be returned
slovak here, we call them farár (priest) or faraón (pharaoh) cards
no way
And we are also a good source of a Slovakian-Slovenian memes
Does not get much better
We have a castle [Likava] Well more like a ruin
It is simply more convenient to speak russian, as whole city is fluent in it.
Austria, Sweden, France and Slovakia are the best
Yes, we say ahoj, dobrý deň, nazdar, zdravím, čau
1st of all this is very complicated topic.
Todellakin
That is why your comment is at 14 instead of -14, pathetic victim complex.
And jacked potato
Not how I remember latvian language sounding from my friends
Generally speaking largest immigrant groups are hated.
If health is out of the equation, then I would probably be smuggling stuff across the Austrian - Hungarian border, as I was born in a town notorious for it, lying at the border of Slovakia (then part of Hungary) and Austria
Just a lot of steretypical jokes.
What's happening in EU is not much different from USA I think.
They said "do not get the phone that is connected to internet".
Well technically majority of our politicians were born in a different country
Can someone explain to me what's the point of Moscow after this?
And even the language barrier is fading away with youth speaking reasonably good english pretty much everywhere in europe
Slavic languages: Kurva (bitch)
Depends on what should we protest against first
I love how you can recognize this copypasta even in a language completely alien to you.
[Had vowels not been invented yet when they made this language?!]
Or a Czech who doesn’t say "ty vole" in every other sentence
Yeah really astonishing isn't it ?
Anyone who rejects Romania is no longer refugee
I don't like your placement of Austria and Slovenia, it makes it look like Slovenia borders with Slovakia and that Austria has no border with Hungary and Slovakia
why am I thinking of mermaid-ish shapes tho
- Sme Rodina: right-wing conservatives, quite populistic
Our PM tho
Ehmmmm
For Austria
I will also follow up with the request to see my personal data they store
But I would like to choose some more unusual language
The floor on street level is called “Prízemie” and the first upper level we call “Prvé poschodie” (first floor)
I think most viewed is however [Ego - žijeme len raz] which is a summer dance song and is played at almost every party in summer
I also feel that Kurwa is more used in Poland as opposed to Slovakia
So, if you control screen time, you can easily manipulate popular opinion.
10k PLN as average salary in Warsaw is nonsense.
Before creation of Czechoslovakia, Czechia and Slovakia were at wastly different development stage.
It seems your memories about the portrayal of Hungary in the school books mixed with other sources, maybe teachers, politicians, other people
And Mantis religious is Modlivka Zelená so green something that prays
Not really, only the Pyrenees
I started my university in Prague drinking that with my buddy, and basically coming to terms with the whole beer taste
Government so corrupt they just rushingly decriminalized theft thinking it's gonna save them.
Thanks
(The poem uses some unique archaic words that I can't translate 1:1, but I will do my best)
Yeah but you are still below Greece.
To this, I think everytime, anyone in EU states tries to shift blame from national / regional government fuck ups on the Brussels, Brussels should have its press team call pro-actively every single media and attack back, raise a fire about how dare they lie like that.
Bratislava- liberal youth, Asian immigrants (usually Vietnamese and Chinese) owning either an ethnic restaurant or a shop with very cheap products, junkies who usually gather in Pentagon, very snobbish people, rich gold diggers obssesser with plastic surgeries, hipsters, horrible traffic
Germany's personal assistant number 5, who Germany has no idea exists
It basically was a good idea to create new country together.
Until then, w/o our consent they cannot limit no number of workers, residents, pensioners, whatever from our states.
As a gay man, the life here is fantastic (in a big, liberal city)
Čert is basically Krampus, but doesn't come at Christmas, rather at 6
It takes more energy to land on the moon than on Mars
Google Earth is one yea
Well, since we were part of the Kingdom too, it also applies to Slovakia - Juraj Jánošík being the most famous one here and regarded as a national hero
is ours, from thy God the Slavs did it get
stromy = multiple trees
Then how can he be a PM If he is technically a foreigner
I don't really have any friends who look out for the fights or even been in one
WWII was pivotal even for technology and medicine.
Its banned there for over a decade and for good reason.
Freaking love that film
Isn't Slovakia more expensive than CZ?
It was called Ministry of war during the first (Czechoslovak) republic
Ulrich seidl, our own neighbour, made a film Import Export where he went to Slovakia
I don't know, drunk driving definitely hurts other people, not to mention family issues that can be rooted in alcoholism, such as domestic violence.
I think we all remember how everyone started talking and doing something about GDPR just right as it was coming into effect
I know my country is infamous for being intolerant, but I have yet to meet someone who has the slightest problem with Asians or Jews
For me it would be the 14th century, that's when our kingdom was the biggest
Totally visit Jordan
There are countries in one but not the other.
Párek v rohlíku
IMHO it's the way to make both groups happy to allow restaurant owners to have a separated smoking area max the size of the non smoking area
Perhaps you could have stated that in the title of the post – that's quite important detail
There is a significant brain drain of medical personnel as a lot of doctors and nurses leave for work to Germany but the demand is partially compensated mostly by nurses fom Slovakia and Ukraine.
I feel like only reason Slovakia and Lithuania have better prognosis is because they are in Eurozone.
For young people yes
Seeing a Škoda Felicia is a rare thing, even in the poorer parts of Slovakia
Stray cats - it's not easy to tell if a cat is stray or not in the countryside
And here we have Erdogan, a semi-dictator not even willing to recognize the Armenian genocide, calling Germans nazis and teaching them about democracy.
I'd recommend driving by day (some fabulous landscapes), but staying over night in nice smaller cities - much better food, much better wine and beer.
I’m not from Vienna but been there a couple of times since I live in nearby Bratislava, when I think Vienna I think Schonbrunn, Prater, Rathaus, Opera House, ... This the first time I’m hearing about that cathedral
USSR roles over Poland and the whole world sees it's amazing and acknowledges Stalin for its father and leader
She will resign before she even try to trigger article 50.
Your ACs may possibly be the reason why you feel sorry for us now
It is important to note to all left leaning readers that comrade Fico was member of communist party before 1989 and to this day he is admiring communist regime.
This Old Church Slavonic language was introduced by the pope as a 4th sacred language (a huge thing since the only 3 languages allowed to be used during services and to transcribe bible at that time  were Latin, Greek and Hebrew)
Since independence in 1993, Bratislava is our biggest city and capital
Me and my roommate we literally wore jackets inside
I mean, they are automatic
Haha it’s amazing how Czechia and Slovakia just act like the same country on reddit ️
It's terrible
[This glorious filth]
In Bratislava, there are only 3 KFC restaurants (5 in the whole country), and only one of them has drive-through
And also is cheap (for german salary) ^^
Yes English thanks to internet, media, music and more foreign compabnies operating in country is on trajectory to eclipse other foreign languages in basically any country.
Modlivka zelená - Modlit means to pray and zelená means green
BTW do you understand that communism has nothing to do with socialism per-se
Anyway, Czechs got it even worse because many people consider Austria as Western Europe and Czechia as East Europe while Vienna is located way more east than Prague :D
It's not that these people are bad or extremely dumb
Wow, that sounds like a great experience.
German and Slovak
This is bs and probably propaganda, everyone who is not pro western or pro EU is pro Russia right?
I climbed Kili few years back
Yeah, we're lucky it's lockdown
Before you put yourself into their shoes you should learn a bit of geography.
It's fucking disgusting how some companies treat their employees.
But all those refugees from those dangerous forums!!!
You should check out the Czech translation for Harry Potter, it is interesting at the least
I guess it's just that when someone moves from the east coast to the west coast or in any direction it's not as obvious as when e.g.
No issues I’ll gladly explain
See Netherlands, this is why the rest of us have thresholds.
Freedom to share and posses childporn?
You were talking about COMMUNISM, not socialism
Thanks for reminding me, gotta rewatch
I would like to thank to our Czech bros for helping us in newly formed Czechoslovakia by building infrastructure , building schools and gymnasiums and sending their teachers
But I do agree that you generally draw attention outdoors
Is there a communist party that isn't pro-Kremlin?
Hopefuly he goes to jail soon
The war of Charles I. against the highlords of Hungary (Matthew Csak, Amade Aba and the rest)
In bigger cities it's common to find also Sushi restaurants and Indian restaurants
Mostly they had no idea about Slovakia, helped little bit when i said Czechoslovakia, but only name meant they knew we are in Europe, nothing beyond.
There was similar article yesterday about Romanians and Bulgarian doctors choosing Germany too.
Well, this year its in Ukraine.
No matter if you relocate them to Lithuania, Czech republic, Slovakia etc.
But nobody really cares because its very common
Not really
In Austria-Hungary, which we were a part of at the time, it was Ministry of War
That is 100% the same situation, perfectly described
The more populous Czechs however got the communists elected into power.
Some of these facts might be inaccurate, I'm not a historian, but see where are they now, and where are we.
I feel we might be just on the edge of making it in  Czechia and Slovakia without most of the problems you described for Baltics and Southern states, unless governments in near future fck up
Yes, Czechia is finally becoming a thing!
Yes, Southern Europe financially profits from QE measures while they harm Northern Europe (not only Germany and the Netherlands, but also Finland, Austria and the less poorer, but reform-friendly Baltics and Slovakia).
Hungarians weren't on the same level as Germans, but yes, it is sad that some fuck can't accept that we did some bad shit too
small one
No one expected that
The maternity leave is shitty, no normal holydays allowance, the fact you have to pay for having a baby, no additional help
As someone below already said, it was much more balanced
Personally, in my family, for pizza we either use a pizza cutter or a fork and a sharp knife
Outside, where number of smokers is surely above 50 percent (that statistics above is really undercutting real numbers, I can tell you that for certain) no shit given anywhere as everyone knows everyone there.
Outside of Catalonia, i've been in 13: Andorra, Spain, Portugal, France, England, Italy, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Czech republic, Slovakia and Hungary.
Yes, we went to Auschwitz, Budapest and Vienna for Weihnachtsmarkt.
My favorite place is the [riverpark] of the Eurovea mall in the centre
And who controls that, controls Russia.
80€ for 50 minutes (90km) on a EuroCity train (highest quality train in Slovakia, cause it’s actually a Czech trainset going from Prague to Budapest)
That's also how the babies pick up the language naturally
Just because you are jewish it doesnt mean you have to support all Israel does.
I was genuinely shocked you can't send files over Bluetooth (not like it's something you would use everyday, but there was certain situation where it was the best option)
Do you know, by any chance, about any catacombs in Slovakia
It was never German city and not even Austrian.
Netherland is being called "Holandsko" - the same as holand
Ukraine-sounding ones (Saskia) or orthodox christian ones are from the East
Also British, but especially some from London and Glasgow are pretty proficient in stabbing
Or Mafia 1/2, but those are Czech made, of course, so it makes sense
But in last few years I am having very bad feeling from this.
For Czechia it absolutely has to be Divá Bára
This has to be their decision and most of serbians are now fully aware that Kosovo simply will not belong to Serbia again.
To me those 4 countries are the central Europe
Thankfully palinka is much more widespread in the south
"V psej materi" - Inside the dog's mother
However, I guess it's too early to speak of Slovak identity but it's very possible that the differnt Slavic identity which later became the Slovak identity started to form at those times
I would assume that it's more common to know your neighbors in villages than in the cities where you usually live in condos with possibly several dozens other families in the same building
Like am I here to amuse you
It is difficult to get a permanent residency in an apartment, or in your dorm when in high school / college
Should the EPPO be introduced, it would be a great act of symbolism to put their headquarter in Romania.
It is the same everywhere Russians hate central Asians, French Maghrebis and West Africans.
Another meaning is an older one, called Cez Poľný, meaning Over the field
Robot is from Czech Republic originally
So someome buys huge behemont that chugs down gas like it's free, to use it's single advantage only occasionally
People wear what they want
Košice- Its a metropole of east Slovakia
Hi, called John
Donbass sep commander who was killed few weeks back.
Also I have seen a Japanese dorama that used a National theatre in Bratislava for few scenes, but I think they pretended it was Prague
I eat meat for special occasions, like visiting, or when I went to an Iraq wedding or in Kenya or family tamales in Mexico
Sometimes they were individual actions of bravery
Asia in general do not make pasta, they make noodles, taste and serving is different as well
[Peter Bič Project - Where Did You Go] with a new singer
Everyone in USA is immigrant or 2nd or 3rd generation and so on.
> Oil wars, extreme poverty, people dying from preventable diseases because they can't afford healthcare, sweatshops, inhuman labor conditions and so on
Some people have also told me that it sounds like I’m upset when I speak Slovak
Yeah, a similar thing to that "hrad" situation happens to Slovaks with Polish, a shit ton of words sound almost the same but have different, sometimes opposite meanings
That says a lot
For instance, it is hard to argue that the people of Slovakia are less impacted by the EU parliament than the people of Ireland, yet the turnout figures in EU elections differ massively.
If we wanted to separate countries on the basis of values and tradition we would need at least 5 times the amount of countries here in Europe, probably a lot more
^^^^^yes
Or even only because leaving meant erecting a border between them and their family that lived in the rest of the Ukraine.
I somehow have it in my mind that sirens are these booby half-fish ladies, the singing and luring ships onto rocks so they can eat the sailors is the same
It's the best opportunity to push things forward that we'll have in the next 5 years
Ok, this is epic
Although the Czech republic is quite ethnically diverse due to the large Vietnamese and Gypsy populations.
But definitely not common
It's rather countries like Slovakia that would say "not again" to the possibility of that.
I have it in vagina
What does my history have to do with this arguement.
I know only about Bucovina
Freaking lot of castles, lot of parks, old towns and some mountains
If that is the case its good for everyone, you need some of that gene in there, we have more than enough.
btw some different names in Hungary: Stoličný Belehrad, Ostrihom, Nové Mesto pod Šiatrom, Svätý Ondrej
I ignored news about brexit, there was something about it in the news all the time
If you want to play with words, better get at least the name right.
On the other hand, nearly 20% of the population is proud of the puppet Slovak state and it's actions, so I'm not that suprised about their ignorance towards Hungarians
Would not mind having one of those houses at the beach
True, just tried to protect myself from some Polish nationalist that would get angry, bcs I dared to call them out on their bs
You mom didn't think I'm a tiny speck last night
If Russia cuts Ukraine off, then Central Europe is partially cut off and that is a big problem in the winter
Russia has enormous oil and gas facilities and investments in Slovakia
You can drive an Audi A3 for 40k euros if you want but no one will say that it's a "luxury car".
Thay didn't violates people rights like PRC with uyghurs, and thay don't support a African dictators
QWERTZ with additional buttons for ľ š č ť ž ý á í é ú ä ň ô (for the rest of the letters we need to use a combination of keys)
It changed everything
I have never seen weaker politician.
He is a leader of a nationalist political party, and it would be just really hilarious if he got sent to Hungary
I find it very hard to believe that you would import something from far away if you can get it from near which would reduce the cost of the travel.
On the other hand, we know very little about Samo's Empire overall, the connection to modern Slovaks and Slovakia is even much weaker than to GM, which is understandable
Stray cats - it's not easy to tell if a cat is stray or not in the countryside
Eurofunds are great business for some people.
I would like to go back to 1896
Like all they want is your money
These "religion leaders" should be find, round up and united with their god
Maybe you should have sticked with Merkwürdigliebe, it got so confusing with Marvel these days
My grandpa told me a story of his from the invasion, he was living in Nové Zámky (south Slovakia) when the invasion happened
And the girl, had some pretty awesome flat, and no roommates at all
most unqualified man for the job
No, not at all
And the matatu wars are kinda true
I remember watching some spelling bees competition in TV when I was a kid, and since it was dubbed into a slovak, I was like - are they stupid for having competition as that, must be so easy its literally spelt how it's said
For all I've learned from hobby finger-travelling on Google Earth, Lunik IX might even be worse than Łódź.
It actually is the first thing that pops into my mind if hear "Slovakia".
From 34:00 he delivers a short Christmas speech to the people where he apologizes for ruining everyone's Christmas with lockdown, because of an *idiot* minister, as he puts it
Just search for studies focusing on community spread rather than individual protection
Unfortunately, religion is still big in rural areas and some politicians are elected only because their voters are super religious - thats why they push this agenda everywhere
It was more of a question
And Denmark be like "is this enough for participation award"?
The second interesting thing I observe is the resemblance of the country's president [Igor Dodon] with the Looney Tunes character Elmer Fudd
I even find the GM stuff quite overblown in today's Slovak culture, we learn much more about it
Cucktin Trudeau should listen carefully
How so
I'm in
Never
Tervetuloa helvettiin
Also has a bad rep since a huge corrupt Slovak investment company built it
Netherland is being called "Holandsko" - the same as holand
How can you, it’s so strange to use it that way
At least this is how I understand our current politics
Or rather Eastern Slovak
Its much easier to close off an island than a country in the middle of Europe thats has numerous roads and entry points and is part of Shengen
Sorts out the dinner
(but no one speak that soft as it should be, only Slovaks in middle of Slovakia , and I don’t like it at all :D )
French
Remember to vote next year and get the cunts who voted yes out of there
Well, too bad that the numbers shown are counting only FEMALE pornstars (like we found out [the last time this very map was posted]
I would attribute it to how shattered Germany was throughout the history.
I hate bottled water
I have never even visited
"There's four of you, and a dog?"
He stole the staff and is about to steal the scythe as well
That was pretty darn awesome, thanks.
The rotten one
Balkan, eastern european countries (non eu members), usa - okay but a bit suspicious
Also, it's been harder to find oil, flour, pasta, and bottled water in certain shops, since some paranoid folks have been panic buying in bulk
Also Slovak language uses declination, that means the word can have different ending when used in different situations
It sounds like something from Batman.
Or is he a cat person
There is a tram system and nice old town, but then its here just plenty of communist barracks
Yeah, and I was apparently brainwashed by leftist media and my university
Well, the way I know him half of dealers probably knew him on first name basis and were giving him "buy 2, get third for free" actions.
There is also Slavonia region in Croatia.
It is not even possible to write down in many languages
you are sending the password to the client unecrypted ..
So i dont understand value of such alert system.
Nobody in his right mind would do that, knowing my temper and size
I wonder when was the last time I read something good about amazon, especially concerning their workers
It depends on the country
I just remembered there is probably some Hungarian swear phrase, that goes like \[azangyalat\], which I've heard only some Slovaks say, immitating Hungarians, but I can't look it up on Google, to figure out how exactly is it spelled (or divided) and what does it mean
Serbia is an official candidate, which opened and closed several chapters, Kosovo is a possible candidate in the future, again which will never happen, Spain, Greece,Slovakia Romania and Cyprus will always veto it, and so will Serbia.
ĽSNS - 'people's party our Slovakia' - they are nazi extremists, people vote them despite of this, and Sme rodina  -  We are family, their leader is a guy that has about 11 children with 10 different women or sth like that
While the tricolor intentionally has pan-Slavic colors it isn't just that.
The problem with non-French media is that when it comes to French elex is all about Le Pen here, Le Pen there, Le Pen everywhere with some token articles about Fillion or Macron.
Brexit, jesus christ man
This was simply because it was easier to stand against former Austrian-Hungarian kingdom together
As long as Hungary doesnt have Slovakia, im happy
(Philosophy etc
Also yeah Samo´s empire is (was) mentioned more, also I seen it mentioned few times on here to be convinced that Slovak people care about it more than GM, but yeah GM is pretty big talk in our history too
Sure, I used to collect them
Well come to Svit in Slovakia
Pekní/pekný
iPhone essentially locks you to use other Apple devices to get the best value out of it
It was the new shit, because it was in the rise of industrial revolution
Standardized Hungarian, Serbian, Austrian, Czech, and Slovakian ships!
Nice one
What would be the term when you are actually unemployed, you know that the only thing that can happen to you on Monday is that an HR person will call you to schedule a job interview, and you feel like getting drunk, but you've been drinking the previous three evenings and you know you should take a break at least from time to time
Its just seemed fake
Their GDP (PPP) per capita is double (40k vs 20k).
However, your statement seemed a bit less convincing when I looked up how much money Slovakia gets from the EU.
Most of the world wasn't properly prepared
There was just nothing in Bratislava worth sticking around for, and we later found out there were gorgeous cities elsewhere in Slovakia we missed out on.
with that kind of money you should plan on visiting Western/Nordic Europe only for a bit, since stuff like beer/transport/sightseeing will eat up most of your money rather quickly.
If minorities, hungarian than gypsy, if foreign, then most likely german
Europe is not black and white in 2 blocks, that either you are with us or against us.
But I personally never had a problem, saying how much I get payed, when someone asks
But polish products can be found in the shops
Why should they fight for Poland?
Im surprised Peter Sagan is only popular in Slovakia tbh, everyone likes him, everywhere.
And Kotleba has small chance, his limit is at around 10% and no one wants to cooperate with him.
History would have been very different if Rastislav stayed on the throne
I definitely saw more boobs 10-15 years ago, although that's probably because I was in my early 20s, while now I am just married
to deliver greetings, to emperor fearsome
But why is there the flag of Finland (?) strapped to the bicycle
If anyone is trying to get BY visa, avoid this agency as a plague it is.
Then there are y/i rules which I'm still not sure if I understand
This is just sad
Alexander Dubček - Czechoslovak president before 1968
Im 100 percent sure that from this 2 minute video with a woman in a police uniform with english subtitles we can all just agree that all rapes in Sweden are 100 percent rapes and are done by immigrants by which we of course mean anything more brown than we.
Which is a bit patronising
We tend to click easily and we share somewhat a dark sense of humor
Yep, completely different from the 20th century nationhood called Slovakia.
My pick would be Bocelli's Con Te Partiro
Poland is growing fast, if we do better you will do better too.
I actually can't remember the last time I've seen non-white person with my own eyes
Get ready for revolution movements then
I wonder if they actually can comprehend that
Hell, even I wish I would live there
We were kinda bummed about the czech results
It included parts (or the entire) of present day Slovakia, Hungary, Transylvania, Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia (maybe Slovenia too
You gotta hide your memes from the meme thieves newbie
In slovak a dragon is "drak" but funny enough the paper kite kids fly in autumn we call "šarkan". This way we can differentiate them
I'd say centaral Europe is Germany, Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia and Austria, anything east of that and west of the Ural is Eastern Europe
- not a single problem
The tricolor is a combination of flags of Banovina Croatia (Red + White), Dalmatia (Blue + Yellow) and Slavonia (Blue + White).
hackers put child porn in his computer
Well if anything is below 1€ it’s usually from some bottle that costs around 3-5€ when buying wholesale
I just wished he has chosen someone else for vice president
The commander of the column issued an order for the convoy to proceed running over him
While I'm driving across Europe and expect to withdraw in more than one country for a day.
6 million minks
Of course it wasn’t only like this - but I wanted to give different view and that there wasn’t always true justice for those greedy people
) is thanking
I'll piss wherever, I don't care.
Nationalism is only good as an excuse for war
I wonder if the reason is that not enough consumer products are manufactured in Russia, or way too much of them is exported
The real question is if you believe that all those fees outweigh all the benefits that UK got from EU.
Fun fact: Capital city Bratislava is third greenest capital city in the world
it is very good course for reviewing, for advancing form A1 or even A2 to something better
Better let that train crash into me than drive and away
But when they come back and we let them in, it's going to be Slovakioczechia
Yes
This but not in a city filled with tourists and scammers selling souvenir shits
Its terrible that they need to work on weekends for such a low pay.
The airport in Slovakia to visit Vienna when flying with Ryanair.
If you don't offer alcohol(often even several times) to a guest it's considered rude :D
Nothing else just Lunik 9 is Slovakia
The current government actually perceives them as an opposition, but they can't do much about it because for the first time in forever, RTVS is popular
100% of the time, as all are spelt phonetically, except for basic grammar rules, which are usually looked over anyway
Strange that he did not name Latvia, because out of the three of you, they are the ones I think about the least
Finally Slovaks united with Czechs in 1918 into the common country of Czechoslovakia
They dont want democratic elections lr they want
Also Greece: Has an island called Lesbos with literal millenia of homosexual history
How is it attractive when it takes so long and plane tickets cost under 100€
cool, but not cool
Mannerschnitten are absolutely amazing, I'm living in Australia and there are a few export stores that you can buy them in.
Other than that Slovakia is seriously backwards in almost everything
Even funnier with new hanna the Amazon prime series
Eastern slovak sentence: Tato, ta to ty to tu
Well if you mean North Hungary as in Slovakia, then no, they are from Kisvárda which is in Hungary today
Do you trust teleshopping
What would instead happen is Germany would take most of the 4 million.
Cunts
However, the regime knew
Rajka - the new district of Bratislava (sorry Hungary, never meant to offend you)
It's a small town near the city Banská Štiavnica, the town is in a  forest in a small valley
Instead they compared it to Lithuanian...
I definitely identify more as European than as a Slovak
But the most foreign feeling at home
If I had to recommend only 1 district, I would 100 % recommend Ružinov, although most of the others are very good as well
First known larger Slavic realm was formed here in around 623
I've red UWU at the bottom
The 25 % is the youngest generation, although they watch Czech cartoons too, I am certain
I think the 2009 cash for clunkers policy in Slovakia made it dissappear, finally
- Kotleba - ĽSNS: literal nazis, antisemitic speeches in the parliament, protests when the president gave awards to Jewish people (only criticism regarding Jews), previous party got shut down because of nazi symbolism, leader has used nazi symbolism repeatedly (run a shop with 8
Almost nothing works properly
I mean, beat that, Salvadors Dalís!
I remember that picture from school
Fillion and co are now hooked up on his comments about Algeria and colonization, while Macron is touring Republican newspapers like Figaro and starting talking points about security measures, which is strongest card of Fillion.
Yes, I always see very much austrian cars with sign Burgenland or Wien in front of Tesco and then going out from shop with cheap and trash food what novody buying
The average girl in Ukraine or Russia for example is much better looking than the average one in Britain or Germany.
Transported to gulag in 3
Hlohovec, comes from a plant called Hloh (quickthorn, thornapple, may-tree, whitethorn, hawberry)
I see it as the backbone
Albania is also safer than before, but it has very bad reputation here, because of low qulity services and Czech tourists that were killed there.
Not recommended for anyone, but especially not for people that love cats.
She will fight terrorists to the last German.
DOMA happened in the 90s, then Bush and Obama came in and in 15 years, we went from banning it to making it legal :) So, you know, 2025 for Slovakia :D
If the couple in the picture are British, everything checks out.
Stefanec will be surprised to learn he is not right wing
~~(**Slovakia** - how do I get flair
Czechoslovakia showing EE how its done.
It has more of a negative meaning though
I feel there was always kind of distinction between jewish people in Europe and Jews in Israel.
I'm definitely not a fan of Putin, but in reality Russia is far from the devil incarnate despite the constant anti-Russian circlejerk here.
Turkey
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
I'm so proud of Czechia
Tell him that just like in the Eurotrip movie, he'll be considered to be a billionaire if he waves a single American dollar around in Slovakia
Crimea got occupied and then after a theatrical joke which comedians refer to as a Crimean referendum it got annexed while in Donbass Russian citizens initiated a revolt without asking the locals if they want it and when they got pushed to the border by regular Ukrainian army because those former Russian soldiers who just conveniently had their contracts ended had no support from the local population, then suddenly Russian soldiers got mass vacations and a government paid trip to Ukraine where they reoccupied the eastern Ukraine.
But there needs to be checks on them too.
Its amazing for joints health
Everything was so quiet and clean
Slovakia
Have you stopped lying about that
Now that I'm looking at it again, 12 is Robert Fico, Slovakia, right?
Weather is not as simple as temperature scale
Its unreformable
Besides that perhaps some nature around, Dunaj and that’s it
Oh really
From I noticed here, majority of the Europeans(including) prefer jeans and t-shirt, if we talk about outdoors/work/school
Slovaks accepted and We use the flag.
So for example, if you were Czech, then Germany, Poland, Slovakia, and Austria declare war on you, but you choose Germany to fight the other ones.
Greek language always had kinda epic feel to it.
Priest and nuns were actually much worse in my country during the times.
If someone chooses to be bitter about it or judge you based solely on what your ancestors did in different circumstances, it's their fault
Mainly when we play against each other ;)
Yeah because all countries are friends and cooperate and shit.
How is it hypocrisy if the countries in question support free movement in the EU - that goes both ways, no?
That means renting is also expensive and hard to find one outside of the bigger cities and even in the big cities the quality of offers is often poor
Austrian economy and salaries
Isn't it Mbps
Looks like Bratislava, just train station is in the wrong place
anything to justify double standarts?
No one posted here a [Kofola ad
Im sorry my bretherin but you have import and export mixed up.
I can't believe people actually believe that bullshit after what Russians did to us in 1968
I hope that you're right and governmental clampdown will energize and radicalize the opposition instead of stifling it.
This is the funniest pic I've seen today lmao
It cant work by definition
So I will just add that Russian is among 6 foreign languages that are normally taught here.
I mean, I understand Czech, but can't for the life of me distinguish the dialects
She hit some people years before this incident in košice, but at that time her family was "untouchable". Even the incident in Hungary spread a of passion in slovakia about slovak "privileged" ones
And that treaty is called EU membership.
You guys don't have the Soros conspiracy
*EDIT: [except the GB apparently]
With extra time you could include Oradea and Timisoara in Romania, going Cluj - Oradea - Timisoara - Hunedoara - Sibiu.
^^^^^yes
Yay 2020 Aint over yet
Yeah, that one's strange
And even there they talk about them as underdogs despite both having nearly 30 points lead in 2nd round over MLP.
Then you simply get on, "mark" the ticket in the bus and get off
Monuments, books, places named after GM personalities
And thats the fact I learned on reddit, because obviously I was not paying attention in school
TL:DR: Slovakia - Not the worst, far from the ideal
Pretty large startup scene
Some buildings are on the edge of collapsing
kladivo
Commission wants to abolish roaming for a decade, but wild card bitches, Council always blocks it
Last year there was 41 degrees in August in Slovakia
Montenegro has only 7 chapters to open, you like 20 I think but pace can be sped up if there is political will to have everything open until 2018/19 and than start closing it down within 24 months.
Couldn't agree with you more about Bratislava.
Italian, Spanish and French sound good as well, but not as much as these other languages
You were also the most liberal country back during the Soviet era
And you actually claim you spilled blood for ours when Czechoslovak sqn was flying and dying in BoB, 11th dying in Tobruq while Churchill was signing pacts with Stalin to draw a new map of Europe.
Just look at this [grap] which shows the GINI index in EU countries, which is most widely used for measuring income inequality.
now why overcomplicate it, we'd be Slovenkia and the only thing standing in the way of this happening is Austria tbh, but we're willing to embrace them and their developed infrastructure
It was a result of the incompetence of the League of Nations, but without WWII, we would most likely have
The exchange rate was getting worse every year and at worst it was ~50 SK for 1 eur
NZ example is impossible to use when compared to Europe
We usually get basic survival info
They were simply resisting occupation
Aand yeah ... I dont think why else would a kid at elementary school have anti-hungarian ideas other than what is teached, maybe teachers portrayed it in very bad way during lessons about Empire
The street in Bratislava where the seat of the central bank is located now is named after him
Eurotrip was not that bad to be honest, but it would have been more accurate if they said it was Košice, cause it doesn't look that different than Luník IX
It is their life, why should they care how you feel when you see a man who wants to be a woman.
Fries, langos, placky (grated potato pancakes) laska (potato pancakes ) and cigánská oecienka (it's not racist and it is just a chicken or pig meat between a bun like bread ish thing, but a lot harder and also onions and mustard )
I like this about europeans a lot
Like bartenders giving us higher tabs, people making us pay for their meals and stuff
if kids know better or only slovak
Eastern Slovak dialect is like separate language on it's own
English lessons have been mandatory for quite some time now, generally younger folks speak English to varying degrees regardless of where you end up.
As a German you should know that that is not a proper nazi salute, also I never said that he is not a nazi, most likely he is, I just said that a still image like this is not evidence
Hi, i was redirected from R/Europe to this subreddit
Most castles per capita ️
So its still something we envy.
What about something from my language
Maybe no smell at all is it most significant trait, just fresh mountain air
Czechs are way better at beer than we are:)
There is also "[závin] a pastry filled and rolled with various stuff (cocoa or poppy seed are common)
Who the hell uses checks
It literally looks silly from outside
Love it
There is not sufficient military power to achieve it and there is no political will to even think about it.
Although on my second thoughts, that wouldn't be carbon neutral, still
In Slovak, I’d say it’s split between “Áno
They were also unprepared back than
I have no idea why but I always end up dating austrian girls
Doesn't matter what speed you should not be in left lane
This person is always center of attention, he is basically meme, because he gets his words mixed up and his sentences don't make much sense
I'm going to be flying into Kiev this summer and working my way across and into Slovakia, via Lviv.
As I said, council is what matters and by uniting, they would "lose" few seats, hence they would become "weaker." Small countries have a lot of power, they just barely ever use it.
I like how the Netherlands are stoned
The split was decided by the new elected politicians in both republics in 1992 (especially the Czech Václav Klaus and the Slovak Vladimír Mečiar), because the two governments had different visions about their common future
That means 16:29 you are waiting to sign off and go home
Given that russian agent Assange is already involved, we will probably see some shut coming off wikileaks soon.
I think everybody here knows [Eurotrip] Another gem is [Hostel] Well that's basically all that has ever been mentioned about Slovakia
Let's not rest on our laurels
How to annoy your neighbour 101
Czechia & Slovakia are beautiful countr*ies*
Mostly, the only generation we refer to are Gustav Husák's children, which are essentially baby boomers, nothing else besides that
accurate: people here can be a bit mean and non-trusting, but when you really get to know us, we're friendly
Comparing USA to Europe is not right.
None of the resistance movements in Czechia or Slovakia, both during ww2 and during CSSR, were politically aligned
I dont understand the whole concept
We have this guy called Andrej Danko
Not sure what you mean by you left them alone who is you?
Better be rid of it
I don't mind them being on holidays but can they act a little bit better or something
Most missing kids go missing because they run away.
And Belarusians make the potato alcohol
This looks extremely like Bratislava, with a few minor differences
šukat is czech
Yeah I feel like it’s the same way in Slovakia
Actually, there is about 75% chance that they were adults.
I have only been to Vienna, Munich, a bit of Slovakia, and over half of Poland, but here goes:
Uruguay is ranked first in Latin America in democracy, peace, lack of corruption,[7] e-government,[8] and is first in South America when it comes to press freedom, size of the middle class and prosperity.[7] On a per-capita basis, Uruguay contributes more troops to United Nations peace-keeping missions than any other country.[7] It ranks second in the region on economic freedom, income equality, per-capita income and inflows of FDI.[7] Uruguay is the third-best country on the continent in terms of HDI, GDP growth,[9] innovation and infrastructure.[7] It is regarded as a high-income country (top group) by the UN.[8] Uruguay is also the third-best ranked in the world in e-Participation.[8] Uruguay is an important global exporter of combed wool, rice, soybeans, frozen beef, malt and milk.[7] Nearly 95% of Uruguay's electricity comes from renewable energy, mostly hydroelectric facilities and wind parks.[10]
It's the same in basically almost every country
looking forward to a rematch STOP
And yet you answered the question with question that I never asked for.
Also Korbáčiky and Oštiepok are great.
Tbh, we already got EU-passports
[Tuto] sa môžeš zasvätiť do základov slovenského punku
The word is nonsense in Slovak yet we use it
Hardware has competion within non-apple products, operating systems are Android or Apple exclusively
It would be hilarious to see as christians sing Hail Mery, while muslims go with allahu akbar and to top it off in background there would be proper "hare, hare, hare krishna" beats to set off melody.
Banská Bystrica is actually my favourite town
Edit: more generally, any arbitrary made up number added into a mathematical formula without rational justification, in order to compensate for discrepancy between its theoretical result and practical observation
People will always construct some social structure, that is the only way we can exist, this is a biological argument
I was just translating the pic for him, because he couldn't open.
Perhaps I'm giving too much importance to the similarity of our languages and parts of our culture.
So the way I read it: Pissing is only allowed if live streamed to youtube
Yeah, you see that Western Europe?
In the 14th century Czech language made its way to Slovakia (northern Hungary back then) and Slovakized Czech became a thing which paved way for the similarities between Slovak and Czech that we know today
Well, he defines himself "I'm more honest than the other guys" and it does not mean he is honest.
Definitely the first photo that comes to most Slovaks' minds when it comes to historical photos
I'm Slovak and only search on english
Wait, Langoš is Hungarian
We have a direct train from Bratislava to Zurich that does it in 9 hours for 40€. Flying takes around 4 hours in total (with transportation to/from airports and airport overheads)
Now, this does not mean "free treatment for everything" since this does not supplement a traveling insurance, but if you break your leg and need to see an emergency outside your country of residence, you will be treated.
Actually doesn't makes a sense.
viac sa posnažiť treba ;) a poriadne domáce zaváraniny k tomu
It has been freezing in most of Central and Eastern Europe a week ago too, which is unsettling
What would these improvements look like?
Some of our politicians should re-read this part
) We Slovaks likes your shops because of quality
There are some countries that manage well
Also British, but especially some from London and Glasgow are pretty proficient in stabbing
I understand those back in the day - as it was "the new shit", and it was at the beginning of industrial revolution
Passing anything remotely controversial will be pain in the ass.
Some examples:
If i am not mistaken, we had always better GDP per capita in history.
Besides Turkey can't do shit to Europe, it's just that Europe seems to care about the situation of refugees.
I have an American debit card that I use regularly around Europe.
Don't be upset, man
San Marino did this (to make profit ofc)
Gone are the times when we got that bronze medal from you
I do like Czechia, the only think i would suggest would be for chechnya to get rid of green and yellow in their flag in favour of blue, to master this whole chechno-slovenia confusion
It truly is that time of year when miracles come true.
And the ride back in a taxi was even worse
Last year Strbske Pleso was so crowded
We want a spot too
And access to sea once again
So noy sure what was actually Russian there
You know, I expected one of "beach days".
Looks like the EU isn't such a big deal for us, should reconsider our membership as well.
It's not about spending 2% of the GDP on defense, it's about spending 2% of the GDP on defense logically and justifiable.
These guys didn't even bother adhering to their own regional constitution
Most of the jewish people from the family, they just emigrated to america and australia, mostly because it was easier for them as immigration was open for them.
They should make a little Belgium between them.
But of course when you say that people should liste to experts everyone just goes: What do experts know?
ok well I am usually buying them in lidl :D yes, bakery rohliky are a bit more expensive
Even his "great success" in the mass testing was succesful *despite* him not *because of* him
However, in some other words you CAN'T use "y" to make the noun plurar, but must use "i"
They're not growing faster than Slovakia, the Baltics or Romania.
Fundies gonna do fundie things
I guess I could guess it by the name
really creative people live there do they
Czech (děkuji) and Slovak (ďakujem) are little different
But it was years ago, now it's impossible to do Erasmus in your native country
Agreed
I like history, so I kinda learn on my own, but we generally covered Europe quite well in the gymnasium
Maďarsko basically means “the country of Magyars/Hungarians”
Maybe it's just my generation, but boys and girls have always been able to enjoy friendships with each other
Of course, sooner or later, a huge chunk of these simple people will realize that they were manipulated (or played like A DAMNED FIDDLE
That could be the explanation if their unemployment rate was like 10 or 20% higher than that of the native population.
It happens from time to time of course, but its not allowed
Its **annual** mean is -9.4 °C.
don't worry, castle is easily reachable, there is a highway 5 minutes away
Industrialisation, urbanistation, new ideas and movements happened early in czech area.
I’ve met people from several other continents and the cultural shock that I’ve experienced compared to the one that I’ve had with people from other parts of Europe was tremendous
Group B is trying to stop Group A from stealing by appealing to older adults, but since the elders are voting more they can't succeed
If i am not mistaken, carrying a weapon is illegal in UK
- there is the answer why people buy diesel.
English being logically No.1, than you have choice between 2nd foreign languages (German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian) in this order, German is chosen by majority (also thanks to access and teachers), there are not Italian or Spanish teachers basically outside of larger cities.
Nah, that's just an example of a typical Slovak gangster/rapper/douche looking dude
Vienna
Except we are against the multikulti madness?
Some people around him may cooperate, but this will be centered around people who worked with Filko, Miroslav Beblavy, Slovakia.Digital, ESET Stop Corruption think tank and chances are pretty good that also Veronika Remisova and people around Poliacik.
Well, being incapable of properly representing and recognizing its vast minorities was the downfall of austria hungary and by start of ww1 it was already too late
Do you know if you invoked Tunguzija before 1908
Hah, at least Slovakia gives points to us in Eurovision.
Pre-pandemic, it was like traveling just to another town in the same country
I adore French baking, make a bunch if entremets and tarts
Sadly no hungarian is a really weird language
Sometimes I just voted for the lesser evil but there were times when I really believed in a party, even if they maybe didn’t win
Don't know whether that's true for the whole country though
Is this your strongest argument?
Looks nice
Most of Slovak cities and towns feel very similar to each other
>Apart from this, you can find Czech sounding -il /-al ending in the west, around Bratislava and Trnava Croatian sounding surnames are common (like -čič), in the very east some East Slavic (-in, -enko) too
I thought they invented the base of the language in Great Moravia but when they were exiled by Svätopluk their students invented cyrillic in Bulgaria
What's wrong with being in the Balkans?
a lot of slovaks describe german as "the sound of a chainsaw"
So they would count the 19 regular counties plus Romania, Slovakia, Serbia, Ukraine.
Or a Czech who doesn’t say "ty vole" in every other sentence
I remember being sure that Janosik is our own tradition, imagine my surprise when I found out Poles consider Janosik theirs :(
The difference in overall GDP PPP per capita will still be around 25%, which can be the difference between "being able to pay off the bills" and "being able to pay off the bills and go on two vacations abroad."
I haven't heard any merci in Hungary, only köszönöm.
that fact was used to illustrate how rural it is and not to dispute the accuracy of the map
Hainburg an der Donau is also remarkable because of its city walls and castle
If someone breaks in, they're not getting caught.
Literally nothing good came from this.
I don't know anyone who begged for membership I think you kinda mixing people and government together.
I'm genuinely terrified of hot weather
Also, public transport is a very good alternative option (and cheaper).
I would trade all our politicians for Merkel, I'm just flat out jealous.
I personally like Bratislava, but I can see how it may be boring to people
Mapy
We should unite with Slovakia and call it Kingdom of Bohemia....
Hehe
There is 1 problem with answering this.
In slovak/czech it’s similar to boobs
] [Still too fattt
Oh hi Mark
It's always sketchy to use history for your political agenda.
I am renting two flats I have in Bratislava and each is for 550€/month.
Rest are mostly islamists and kept away from any real power.
There are many nation states in the world and have been since the 19th century, so if you want examples of nationalist success, just look around.
It reaaaaaly depends on what culture they are coming from
well, not really
Who cares, the sentiment matters more, maybe talk about that instead
Poland for being bros (every Pole I've met during my travels was a total coolio)
Oh yes, sheep fleece would be a great pick too
and most EU countries have this well regulated under variety of emploee protection programs
motherf
USSR roles over Poland and the whole world sees it's amazing and acknowledges Stalin for its father and leader
Just drain and we'll finally be able to invade Britain on land
So you can technicelly say "Szukam go na zachodzie" meaning "I'm looking for him in the west", but a Czech or a Slovak will think you're fucking someone on the toilet, as they think it should be translated as "Šukám ho na záchode".
My and mi - first one means we and the second one (to) me
If I think about it
P.s.: I appreciate your input but I'd like for you to substantiate your thought next time
> I dunno I read it on the internet now, it doesnt look like something I read years ago, since that was even written in older language
OP you forgot to specify in the title that it's **POLISH** death camps
Didnt every country had this stickman euro coin
Englishman disgustedly turns away the glass
I have lived for 7 years in Prague
I bet you know that polandball strip where every countryball says "tak" and they all mean something different, right
Who would win in a fight between Captain Slovakia and Captain Crunch?
Continuing on down into Slovakia it gets quite spectacular.
Its holiday that no one, no one knows what the deal is
Its just a state, but its also a state with some some not really nice dealings and some people jewish/christian can very well see that.
The issue is when a two or more rights clash together.
Several thousand just figured they will fuck up your disfunctional asylum system.
Peak youtube
It was like seeing an alien to me
The nation didn't exist, the language didn't exist...I think that's Slovakia.
And it probably was kc dunaj
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
UKULELE
Odkedy v Poľsku voláte nedeľu piatok
Youre probably the only in europe ..
I didn’t like it in school canteen but made at home it can be quite tasty
It would be more like Poland and Hungary vs Czechia and Slovakia.
It's not like Slovakian was not influenced by languages around, you have Hungarian minorities and had also contact with the "Vlachs" (Romanians) Is it a Slavic word, is it present in the rest of Slavic languages (Russian for example)?
Czech tourists and hiking in sandals, name better duo
I had no idea anti-semitism could exit in a post-Holocaust Europe.
Would be cool if the city names had alternative/historical names (I'm from Bratislava so maybe *Pressburg* or *Prešporok* would looks good)
And when somebody thinks Slovakia is same as Slovenia
I remember someone telling me that there is some cross-border toleration within EU for some of these "must-have" equipment in car between countries, as in if you are clearly a foreigner with foreign license plates from another EU country, if you car meets your domestic regulations, you are fine
We would put it in a sleeve and pull it out when the teacher wasn't looking
That hurt
Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well
Dear Marina, whom I love in wonderful fatherland,
We have one too, organized by a state company but i dont know anyone who cares about it (or even knows about it)
I follow Visegrad Group politics and then Germany and France
They do not only support socialism (which is fine).
The socks in sandals is a trope that our Czech brothers embraced in self-deprecating style of humor
I thought they were in the government
I think it depends on the ending of the word: words ending with -a are usually feminine, with -o are usually neutral and with a consonant are usually masculine
I will not be as positive as others
Yes, almost all Slovaks claim to speak it, but I dare to say not even 50% would be able to speak a few sentences without mistakes
Slovakia is like Detroit of Europe.
I'm collecting them, though, and people who know this sometimes give them to me, I think otherwise it would be mainly Latvian.
I always ask for tap water and never really had a problem
I honestly can't tell if it's a video game render or a badly over edited picture
&#x200B;
Its everywhere
By now, the standard use of x even if only in loanwords (maxi, sex, mix, box, multiplex) is so prevalent, a switch to ks would be even weirder.
That huge % of muslims lives in Indonesia and India, those are mostly things barely few people know here
Hungarian Unicum can be traced back to 1790
That's pretty problematic
Bot a thing more though
Your ability to connect things that don't make sense is very interesting
I would say the green ones
For example we pay 66 EUR now for new plates when you change your residence into another district, because the plates have your district on them
Not anytime soon, but it can happen in my lifetime.
The one with executive power is Prime Minister who basically govern the country as the leader of praliament/government
Formerly, there was plethora of individual agreements which awarded EU with various competences, which were later codified into a one document to be made clearer and easier to navigate for all the concerned parties.
But many a times it happened that I went to a party with my two bottles of Jack, 20 euros each, only to have them drank within two ours, me still sober and having to finish myself with some shitty ass French liquor and home made 50% slivovica, which meant I was mixing my spirits, resulting in my untimely puking into a bus station bin at 5AM to the horror of onlooking commuters, kurva piče to bola noc
So you will get Ugandan and Bangladeshian instead.
Over a course of life of one person, about every 15th person s/he ever met dies of a suicide.
Wow
Increasing power usage leads also to increased need of these power plants
Probably the weirdest ones are neonazis, with politicians with literally tattoed auschwitz over their whole chest, or swastikas
We share the Tatra Mountains (tho we have the bigger part, alright)
US didnt do much in Europe during WW2, compared to other countries
She left me sleep on balcony in cold
Very credible, I just remembered how impressed I was with a French guy at work, who used the term miniscule instead of lowercase
I heard about that, it was ridiculous
I would get married in my 20s with a girl from a nearby village and have many children (half of them would die early)
The difference is more distinct
We are extremely close, I have very little common with Poles, Ukrainians, Austrians, or Hungarians, but Czechs are a brother nation
You have set your house on fire and now you are pissed on your neighbors that they don't want a pyromaniac in their house and blaming them for your misfortune.
We should have never spent a single cent on the country which falsified economic indicators.
The yellow stands for beer, and the black stands for coal right
Here in western Slovakia, the summer of 2019 was pretty bad, well, yesterday I saw 27 degrees when I checked the temperature
Cool but do you mean Buda or Pest
Seeing and accepting what was happening in Russia by the western countries only because anything was better than a cold war was a bad reasoning, but still he wasn't put in office by the west the same way as Trump wasn't put in office by Russia even if he is preferred in Kremlin and if Trumps does run USA down, it still won't be the fault of Russia.
It's something I'd think to hear from Alex Jones
My country didn’t exist in 1919 yet haha so idk how to answer
And we call you Rakúsko after some small city [Raabs an der Thaya]
After all, Nitra is located in Slovakia.
Congats EU, we've played ourselves
Fe my operator is Orange who boasts that they have networks in x EU countries.
that never ceases to amaze me
Also according to [Wikipedia] when Germany surrendered in the evening of May 8th, it was May 9th of Moscow time already
Having a Master’s degree there is no big deal
Austrians get second-hand blame of letting it come so far
I think of it as a more eastern thing, but then there is Poland.
On the other hand I'm familiar with the attitude towards muslims and especially gypsies here
At least I am
Hungary had a huge influence and a lot of Hungarians are still living there.
Thank You for this exceptional content
It's more than a yearly budget of some smaller EU countries.
Ah yes, the flat-lands
Part of Bratislava (Slovakia) called Petrzalka was built from scratch in 1960's to 1980's and is not in grid layout.
You’re being optimistic
That we drink A LOT
Remember, remember the 5th of November
That sounds like a much more effective approach to me.
What of it was not understandable?
In Germany, the language of Nazism is no longer buried in the past
In Slovakia we do it everywhere
This is a bait for us to click on the video and get Rick-Rolled
However what was interesting was there was a lot of houses directly at the boardwalk
Except the whole referendum thing kinda threw a spanner in the works.
For Hungary it was when our king managed to escape the ottomans,. But he drowned in the river and it forced the kingdom into a two way, latter a three way fight for Hungary
I have co worker who spends awful amount of time talking about how he would, and I will try to quote "Dig a hole in ground, make it white with lime, and fill it up with ...." Depending on discussion, there are all sorts of people who end up in holes
Eastern slovak sentence: Tato, ta to ty to tu
Nah, we're still Eastern Europe
You can take years off (2 semesters), not just one semester, because different courses are available in summer and in winter, usually.
I think langoš is more applicable (even if it's a hungarian invention)
See, now you're talking about Bin Laden for a change.
And I would be close to my home - Bratislava, which is just an hour drive away
Slovakia goes so far that it won't even recognize gay marriage or civil union made in countries where it's legal
It's really beautiful
I've seen Margaret being translated as Margita (a typical name among elderly women), George to Juraj, Nicolas to Mikuláš, etc
Take any political survey map (especially from a country with high level of corruption) and you'll run into same results
really smart
And it was being stopped by USSR, because no imperialistic japanese would harm beautiful socialistic czechoslovakia
As far as i know (i may be wrong), our motorway was proposed to be built in the 70s, funny enough it was supposed to be built by japanese, in exchange for some processing waste from our industry we could not reuse, yet they had the technology
After the Great War, during the next war with Hungary, one of our generals had an idea to scare Hungarian soldiers and lower the morale
\*For example, you'd like to park at the parking near some Zoo - if you pay in Czech crowns, you pay 90 crowns
The treaty had to get rid of these words and replace them with different ones to pass.
Where are my Czech brothers
You’re telling me a German will have svíčková for Sunday lunch, bake some koláče to take over to their neighbors for the afternoon visit which they will drink slivovica during, while watching some Hrebejk movie
I love it an would not go back
EDIT: might be helpful to say that both are pronounced the same
Its really a shame what happened to the east
> Bank
I just recently started watching his videos
Teaching young boys to ceremoniously whip women and splash water at them every easter
I mean, he's not wrong
That says a lot
Billboards and banners got somewhat banned in Slovakia as well which is really pleasing
Especially once you get into dialects.
This will become compounded in the next years due to an absolutely reckless decision to lower the retirement age from 67/65 to 65/60 years for men and women, respectively.
Are you portrayed horrible
Personally, I haven't heard it outside of that show or when someone was referencing it
Not really
Well fuck u too, bunch of feckers
Sometimes you can even pay online, using an app or a site, but these sites are usually a bit clunky in my opinion (except for RegioJet, which works, but it's just badly designed)
Nicely kept public places, functioning services, overall your country side looks nicer than here, people seem to care, general sense of "ordnung", better roads, newer trains, bigger cities have great public transport schemes
I lived there so I know the good spots but its not like the tourists will find those
So real in fact, that we had to steal from Finland and Slovakia.
Some of their clans or families, or however it is called, have the mentality that "working is not the gypsy way to gain money".
And in the region in general, look how many refugees we've had from Ukraine in Poland, Slovakia, Czechia and so on.
Nah
I bought an electronic device in the UK about a year ago.
I travelled with Italian in Bulgaria
Lots of confusion with Slovakia and people will have a hard time finding Slovenia on a map, but I'd say a 10 is more like Nauru, Saint Lucia or Sao Tome and Principe, I'd give you an 8 at most.
though the reception isn't as good as the big threes
The british company demanded a full 50 million pound more then the french one
as someone from slovakia
overall I find the whole Roman era very fascinating
We don't have much in common with Belarus, but a lot with Austria for instance.
Cuties
Cloverleaf intersection
I agree, but where did I do this
You probably have no idea what invasion is.
Czech names are all over as we were one country before
However, this year, Kotleba, the leader of the far right party got into the parliament thanks to having big support from the youth.
People know very little about Slovenia in general
It's one of the reasons why Visegrad was formed - so that CZ, Slovakia, Hungary and Poland could lobby together to get the West agree that we join NATO asap.
Here in Europe iPhones are used mostly by hipsters and businessmen (a smaller percentage)
Although I would have this summer, if it wasn't for COVID
It would be Banská Bystrica for me
Of course Finland would say this
99.9% of people from Syria, Iraq or Afghanistan don´t speak Swedish, maybe 99.5% of them have no German language knowledge and so on.
You weren't alone in that mess
I dont want to live on this planet anymore.
It also has the coolest Slovak cathedral
I can't even imagine random Slovaks stopping me to talk
Sanctions are for Crimea and Donbass.Not Syria.
Plus they would already be getting some social money for their disabled kid
Hrad nowadays means "castle".
"Oh, you know, just all those big green bugs doing that funny thing with their front legs and nothing else
No but each of them has multi alternatives
Based on our policy concerning this crisis i can see our government supporting this
And they have some good wine stored there
I also speak German on B1 level, I am terribly shy when it comes to using it though, so I usually just go with English in other countries
I'm pretty sure Czechs and Slovaks thought of Romani/Gypsies when they
Most people hate them over here and I haven't met a single person that's racist towards actual black people
It's long and slow process
I wouldn't speak in a dialect in public simply because it's been considered wrong and uneducated in the past century
Austro-hungarian heritage ftw
3€) and I could walk out with a basket full of candy chips and ice cream
Never heard that in my life, personally I love my city
Most belarussians do speak belarussian.
The split was organized by two cunts sitting under a tree.
I needed one for Slovakia and Slovenia
over it glows, strong castle on a high cliff
IDK, if you have a source, share it
Its thebest food
What i am interested in however is, what are going to do all the people who built up their careers on hating trump
I think the 2009 cash for clunkers policy in Slovakia made it dissappear, finally
Oči, uši, ústa, nos
Their cunt CEO probably thought it was his chance to cash in on that sweet sweet money from the tax dunces, because where else would they get the new all british passport
Correct, so making a new deal would've been possible.
To me as a kid were just names
Is this actually true though
1930-1940s
so they cannot be deported if t hey are citizens of Netherlands, duh
Czechia is at 87% of EU-28 average (Eurostat, 2015), Slovenia's at 83%, Estonia - 75%, Lithuania - 75%, Slovakia - 77%.
He never really talked about it with them tho
There is also plenty of communist barracks, but they have very good public transport
That's not true, since only first two parts of song are national anthem
Post war we formed Czechoslovakia once again only to be forced into communism due to their popularity in Czechia
Plenty cities and towns are simply missing in Slovakia
Bratislava city centre and High Tatras, undoubtedly
Anthems are my guilty pleasure and I also like to learn different languages so that is why I know quite a lot of them
(That is Health insurance & other types of safety nets that are common in the EU) Do you prefer the US model
France clearly in that category - ethnicity doesn´t matter we are all French, while you guys clearly on other side - ethnicity very important and we should know how many of Hungarians, Roma and so on.
Which is a bit patronising
So many airplanes and it is still burning
Also he openly admires Mussolini, denies holocaust, hates NATO, is funded by Putin and has neo-nazis "guard" trains.
Just our capital is named Bratislava which means Brother's glory or Celebrate brotherhood
How can you even blame the western society for Russian corruption?
That hurt
be done a long way ago and especially help them with job permits to escape the war), what I think thebeginningistheend is implying is that, no matter what - the opposition WILL find a way to twist this information and sell it as a scandal.
Other prior native populations were culturally or genetically assimilated or they died out.
Well, in short is trolling about ancient names.
I'm from the northwest, that's why I dislike the accent :D
He is a Kurd and therefore he never stood a chance.
Yeah, I mix it myself from time to time (especially in summer), but I've never seen it sold in a bottle already mixed
I wish EU was allied with US and Russia the same, and maybe in the future with China aswell, when they overthrow the communist government and transfer to something less dictatorish
So more oil fields then people.
This is kinda sad
Based on this theory, their currencies are overvalued and their exports too expensive to compete, yet they are better each year.
Ive never been to Košice and it makes me sad
Anything unpopular is basically called out as "Brussels' dictate" a.k.a. "the EU forced us to do that" and everything popular is "our government fought hard to achieve this". It's especially super weird to hear this sentiment from the party which is still a member of eurosocialists and their nominee is a vice-president of the EU commission
>I wouldn't speak in a dialect in public
He has again had become a butt of the jokes because in the car with him, in a state car, was a suspiciously playmate looking ex miss
cwrw ? how do u say that
Even before socialism, they were influenced much more by Germans than Russians
You can hardly call Cheyenne or Laramie large cities...
We will primarily be using trains to get around but would be open to other methods of transportation if necessary!
Hence despite the low birthrate and high emigration from Slovakia, the population is not falling that much.
- much worse
We had to cancel our nuclear reactor because of Austria.
i really don't know what people think of my language, others tell me how would you describe slovak language ?
She’s supposed to haunt several places, which must be very taxing for her, poor one
Sometimes you pay like one euro for Styrofoam
"krasnyj život" in russian means "red belly"
And placing of words in sentence was not so common
My gf lives in Hungary, my mother in Austria, me in Slovakia, and yet we are all only 15-20 minutes by car from each other
I mean, I am from Slovakia and I think the wages and the prices are practically the same.
That makes sense
loud music seem to always feature rap or something "cool"
What about Ukrainian
In Slovak this is a nightmare
That's a good news actually their export will boom, after all that's what they wanted.
Is this 80s?
Nu-uh, no fighting for such a small detail as being left out and ignored (again), ôk? It was surely just a small mistake that could happen to litteraly anybody, no need to throw hands in there
I am quite surprised I thought that Australians can travel without any visa requirement to the US/UK or CA
brothers till hockey starts
Tell him that when he goes through the passport control upon arriving to Europe, it is alright if he hands in his driving license instead of the passport
Sometimes you may not even notice that you entered different country (well but now things are more complicated thanks to covid)
Thank you for your perspective and the time it has taken to answer these questions
^Don't ^worry, ^I'll ^show ^myself ^out
But I know that one person bought 100 KILOS of flour in our small local grocery store, so there's that
I used to play an MMO with some Slovakian guys some years back and was surprised by how much I understood from their written conversations.
Not that it really matters, but depends on language
Jozef Tiso is buried there, so you can bring a keyboard down there and press F to pay respect, or you can spit on the grave, depending on which side of the political spectre you are leaning towards)
or look at Iran making nuclear deal because of sanctions...sometimes sanctions work, sometime not
Can we have a referendum like that about Subcarpathian Rus, as it was given to USSR without their consent, despite the popular support and campaign for it to stay within Czechoslovakia
Same here
it íznt bat oukéj
The thing is its a jet from a country.
> Beer is worse, most big brands are owned by Heineken and only the small brewers are worth a shot
In Bulgaria I'd change my previous route and forget Shumen, instead going Varna - Burgas - Sliven - Veliko Tarnovo.
[Slovak National Uprising of 1944]
The thing is you have one of him while in the rest of the europe most politicians are him.
And German cars are made in Slovakia where people work for 1200€/month which is not even 1/4 of what an average German in VW factory earns.
No, but you would definitelly score some points if you would say " Janosik is polish folk hero right
Just FYI, these were opinion polls when indyref bill was first passed by Hollyrood
So if you can import illegal products to Rotterdam(any kind like fake electronics, drugs and so on) you have good chance you will be able to move it across Schengen area.
There is, however, only one car company native to Slovakia: K-1 Engineering, which produces hand-made luxury sport cars
Well maybe old non existent commie soul
If you are resident in another country, you don't loose residency in you home country, it is different than citizenship and even then you might not loose it depending on laws of involved countries.
We should've remained a part of Slovakia to be honest....
I am gonna go with avocado plus italian cheese
Trianon best year of my life !!!1
I think it is because you are much like Poles, but way more relaxed.
Other christmas movies are of course, old Czechoslovak and Slovak movies like Kurvahosigutntag, Mrazik (Frost father
"Eight member-states (Finland, France, Denmark, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Greece and Belgium) spent more than 20 % of GDP on social protection"
Greece: 1951
Well I can’t decide if it’s desert or proper meal, probably the latter, but I love [perky]
Only other was Klitchko, who has only history as boxer.
Btw , how did you get that country tag
I actually really like Arabic female names
Yes most european countries have 1 or 2 foreign languages that their people learn and can really speak it.
So he is sticking out in his own retarded way
Yeah like comfy sweatpants and sweatshirts but then i also wear old clothes at home (especially t-shirt that i don’t like anymore)
15% - uncategorized, most of them left some of the coalition and opposition parties since 2016
Far eastern Slovaks, from Zemplín, never could understand them
They ate just a bit more needy than cats
I like how cant can take care of themselves
Of course we know things about Slovakia, we just want to make fun of you.
Poland's at it again
So how do you like Mamma Mia
So if you know German, you're good and ready to roll in quite a few countries ( Austria, Germany, Switzerland and probably to some degree in Hungary, Cezchia maybe even Poland because people there know German).
* You (sg
Well, more polite one is "Je mi to jedno". Literally translated "It's the one to me", but more semantically translated "It's all the same to me".
I mean that is problem of the laws and anybody would do that
(a completely different task performed instead)
The OP's question was: "If someone were to study your whole country's history, about which other 5 countries would they learn the most
FTFY
Won an Oscar
WTF, why do all these people do is want to ban something then less and less people do
>...Czech is the 2nd most known/spoken language in Slovakia
), global issues (global warming and ecological problems in general), health (there's a rather high rate of obese people- we ranked 7th in the EU, as far as I know), ignorance towards the other people (most noticeable on the roads and in the streets),...
You'll know better than me, obviously, but what I got from talking to Americans about cars is that if you buy any German car it's automatically seen as some sort of a status symbol, no matter whether it's an S Class, a 3 Series or the cheapest Audi there is...
Its in interest of US to hace united Europe with strong economy it can trade with, but weak overall political structure and nonexistant military one.
British position on Brexit seems like from Monty Python episode.
Yeah, slovakia is beautiful
Happy Independence Day Litva
They don't distinguish between nations.
And Slovakia ??
I don’t watch sport a lot so I don’t really know that many
To be fair, I freaking love bidets they need ti become a thing everywhere
The southern part and the old town fit perfectly, even the bridges (there are more now)
Even the tourism sector's slogan is 'Real is beautiful'.
There are no contracts in quite a few states - my employer can fire me today for almost no reason
I doubt these protesters wanted to take refugees to prisons.
Corruption
), and even after explaining why they're wrong, they still maintain their old ways
Yes, the communist houses (we call them "Paneláky" or Concrete panel buildings") are there, but it's not a big deal
4€), so a mcdonald menu costs 3 beers, new (cheap) shoes 15-20 beers and so on
Its one of my favourite clubs too
Old habits die hard but maybe the edu system is really failing as well
I mean, imagine that you get a job as bus driver
Of course capitalism has done a lot of good for *us,* but it would be naive to not see how that affected everyone else
100 € : 2 pairs of Adidas sneakers
Jozef Tiso
Highest Growth in Bulgaria (17.9%), Slovakia (16%) and Poland (11.8%), lowest in France(-4.6%) and the UK (-4.5%).
But Vana Z Vorkuty is from Bijouterrier :D
Prince Jonathan Doria Pamphilj and his 1,000-room palace in Rome
have these problems
I've literally never heard someone say "polmesiac" other than in the context of the Turkish flag or Islam as a whole
Yes we do, but its old door so it's not much for security purposes as it is for "stay closed pls" purposes
He said union, so Panonian Union/Federation/Republic sound much better imo
I might not agree with hate speech laws, but that is what this is and it appears that's illegal in Slovakia, so this is in accordance with their laws.
So French is pretty much useless in Cyprus?
I want in there too
That's exactly what every tourist sees
I am 100% OK with Ukraine citizens getting visa free traveling (this SHOULD!
The country you are working at, is responsible for social benefits and so on
That is completely unforgivable
Considering there is cca
How about you take Slovakia instead of Czechia and connect Vienna and Bratislava to make a megapolis central to the country
dub (oak)
PCs also make up ~90% compared to Macs, which are mostly used by hipsters, artists and designers
Never take a taxi that parks at the station, they almost always overcharge you by a huge margin, get a number and call one, they are much cheaper
Jeez, I felt so out of place
Well, Moscow is special case, everyone knows that, due to most of oligarchs and russian elite living there with insane wealth.
This map explains why I am a total idiot, when I say, that Poland (and other, such as Slovakia, Baltics) is Central Europe, not Eastern.
Honestly Stonehenge was such a disappointment for me personally
No offence but it may be that you are the one who is either uninformed or even worse, intentionally spreading lies or omitting things like these.
Its from 2018
I see it as the backbone
Would you pay your monthly earnings for a phone
Where my undeveloped gang at huh
81 million people live in the DRC, yet *friggin Slovakia* (5 mil.
Does it have some history as the capital like Bratislava
And when in distant future when humanity colonized nearby stars and subjugated alien races to slavery, Greece will lift its veto on Macedonia, Albania will jump in and veto it just for the shit of it all.
I dunno how to draw
It's 4 or so hours from Krakow (depending on your luck with the bus).
People in southern Poland understood me when I spoke Slovak to them and I understood them when they spoke Polish to me
You really nailed it
But their whole program is based on speaking to those simple people, assuring them they are the ones fighting this plague (often very dramatically, sometimes even sacrificing a lot) and that they're the ones who will stop their misery and make things right for "normal people".
We ski
In slovakia we use the word šukať means fuck in polish it means find
And if I make just myself wet, then that lasts maybe 5 minutes
I would get married in my 20s with a girl from a nearby village and have many children (half of them would die early)
This one dont give a, shit anymore.
Should just give people residential parking permits so they can buy ad many as they need and not this stupid idea
I understand Slovenian quite well, Slovakian - not so much.
Stary dobry Meciar
Everytime I travel anywhere east from Tatra mountains or to the rural central region
However where would they drive
My sister moved abroad as an 18 year old as well, she lives in Bratislava with her fiancé now(8 hour train ride from home), but has no way of registering herself at the rented apartment, and she won't change her address until her and her fiancé buy a house next year
Yet those slovaks were just opening random bottles and pouring drink around, which surprised me to the degree when i had a culture shock of my own people
It happens from time to time that some smuggling tunnel is discovered on Slovak-Ukrainian border
You can get both, but I’d say people prefer green  olives
And even, if a man, decide to cut his penis and testicles, he is still a man.
I have never even visited
Belarus is a bit boring but Slovakia is beautiful.
With the fall of USSR places like Estonia, Slovenia, Czech, Poland, Slovakia seem to have taken the opportunity to improve and surpass places like Spain and Italy
Yep Sátoraljaúhely/Slovenské Nové Mesto
Where would we be now if those fuckers didn't do this
Meh, I suppose it's just that Mongolia is so far away there is absolutely no chance they'd understand a single word of their instructions
All will be forgiven when the EU is under new management.
Similarly, if you say something and don't want to jinx it, it's also quite common to say (usually beforehand) "I don't want to paint devil on the wall" (in Slovak it's not devil but "čert", devil is probably the closest translation)
The film pitch probably went like this
What was he doing in Irak
But the word "actually" is so flexible and ellegant, we should just adopt it
"Mačka" (cat) = "Mačička" (cute little cat)
Monaco, San Marino, Andorra, Liechtenstein, Transnistria, both states on Cyrpus, ***all*** countries which were part of Yugoslavia, Czechia and Slovakia, Moldova, Belgium, Ukraine, the Baltic states, Vatican City State, Switzerland and also *the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta*.
V-E-R-Y corrupt
Although, most members are conservatives, but you can also find some liberals and ultra conservatives
Oh man, I am waiting until Dutch police goes full eastern Europe on them and just arrests all agents because fuck it, they dont have immunity.
* on (he)
I mean, they are automatic
[this is how it sounds]
And access to sea once again
Our independence day is January the 1st and people, including (or maybe especially) soldiers, are nation-wide hangovered.
However, one thing I like about Slovak and Czech is the marking of long and short vowels e.g. a and á. It's better than in Finish even because you can do things like praária which in Finish would be praaaria but the problem that arises is that you don't know which two are long the first two or the last two A's ? Does praaaria sound like práaria or praária
Layla
I thought it was totally crowded lately
You really believe that if medias start showing fat fucks on tv constantly, people will start thinking they are attraictive.
In USA i do it like 99% of time
[The Bridgeheads - Fire]
That means they are scared and the protests are working.
[Ikarus 280] All credit goes to Hungary, of course, but I just loved riding them when I was a kid
Tatras for the win
I'm pretty sure we will be way better prepared for the next one
You can either dance around the problem or you can try to weaken the very trick she uses to win, directly.
As sport it is popular and common (however it used to be mostly MTB before).
I've always found this amusing, since in Slovak "Dunaj" is the name of the river Danube and the city Wien is "Viedeň".
Nah, that's just an example of a typical Slovak gangster/rapper/douche looking dude
Like this:
In my country they are proposing, or already made law that to operate drone you need security clearance
How long would you recommend there?
I suggest you move somewhere where the nukes wont hit.
It can be - 10° snowy and no wind so still pretty "hot". And it can be 10° windy AF with cold rain
1968
Agree on everything - important for minority rights for sure.
So no need of his previous partner to get involved
I love Czechs, I am actually Czech from a large part and I spent a lot of time in Czech Republic growing up, but Czechs like to inflate several claims about Slovakia.
A few years ago I heard news that you would lose your Slovakian citizenship if you took up another one.
I forgot about the verbs, but yeah "y" on verbs is a great filter that tells you you are talking with an idiot
And its not just everyone outside financial industry, its also everyone inside
I think the current charging network is pretty good for long-range travel.
Trick is to not get ass up into gigantic debt.
So in practice we learn about the Golden Bull, the Battle of Mohács, but then there's focus only on the Turkish wars taking place in the North; we learn about the division of the kingdom, the uprisings, but then it's focused mostly on Royal Hungary
Depends on what should we protest against first
Yes but the poles are very, very bitter people, historically, but it got only worse after the fall of communism since they kind of failed to realy westernize.
Drinking tap water is standard
Just as us, we don't really have anything similar with the real, old Hungarians who came here 12 centuries ago.
Mostly the coalition just agrees to do whatever the most powerful wants
Absolutely not
I am sorry to hear your bad experience
122 mil
We learn both at the same time
There is actually a polish youtuber living in north korea if i am not misstaken, but i dont remember the name
Yeah, our prime minister said multiple times that he wishes for Slovakia to be in the centre of integration.
Rusyn language
Good job, dont let CCP propaganda reign over EU
Juraj Jánošín - a thief, basically the Slovak Robin Hood
Czechs are way better at beer than we are:)
Czechoslovak troops in Siberia seized a military vessel on the lake Baikal and used it to sink another military vessel
We have publicly-funded Catholic school boards in several cities.
It wouldn't just loose it, it would desolate it.
Dunno but Im preety sure we were portrayed as opressed minority in the books
Google would probably gladly just allow everything, but they have to do it like this, or they will get constantly sued by media companies
Oh yeah women, always gotta wear make-up
In slovak and especially czech media there is huge anti russian propaganda.
Then, since Bratislava got crowned as the 3rd richest EU region, we had to step up our game and a new business district started to get built (called Downtown or historically Nivy)
And than some west Slavic guys:
Greece, Italy, France, Sweden, Slovakia, Romania and I'm sure plenty other have socialist gouverments.
Ah the young times
My opinion about long hair - Must be annoying to wash them
Lets say that my fantasies now consist of burning drones alive
Oh look, Putins on the internet again.
Komarno ok, makes sense due to the Danube sort of, but this is just laughable
I see a man robbing Hungarians, I immortalise him in song and story.
In Czech there's actually no voices, only a soundtrack.
We felt that shit even in Bratislava which is like 350km away
The school and healthcare system are not the worst, but far from ideal
Exactly like that but I would put furries in there
God forbid all the poles that are abroad working and sending money home would have to organise work permit
I have 100% success rate recognizing a Finn by his english accent
If caught in EU he/she should be deported to his home country or to a detention facility if he has problems with memory.
and has a melody
They have to submit it for approval
Also, hello from Nyitra
Much cheaper, less plastic bottles and easy to use.
As most of the time anyway
Did you jump into a fountain, wore stupid clothes or overall and sang loudly
it is first time since election i think no?
The rest though
Stupidly silly
Basically commies build it to house people who worked in factories there
Yep, I would be okay if they distanced themselves from the player statements, but doing all that to him
Wait wait wait, are you not denying that MH17 was shot down with a BUK belonging to Russian armed forces anymore
Before that, Slovak people knew they are ethnically and linguistically different from Hungarians but majority still considered themselves to be people of Hungarian Kingdom so the Slovak identity was something I would say secondary to the identity of inhabitant of the kingdom
But he's right about the Czechia, I don't like that.
What type
I think Honest Guide managed to show off Slovakia better than anyone from Slovakia that I've seen
Not very diverse in the first place and IMO they will all be gone in a couple of generations in Hungary, and probably weakened in the diaspora living in Slovakia and Transylvania as well.
Obviously the talk about motorway was trough northern slovakia
Also really common among people here is to go grocery shopping to Austria, or for Austrians to go shopping to Bratislava in sunday (shops are closed on sunday in Austria, but open here)
I love EU projects, huge fan or Erasmus and Erasmus plus and I just like that we are friends now
But like all the other rules in Italy, they're pointless because everyone ignores them
They could call it "nizozemsko" (like in czechia hahaha), "dolnozemsko" or something similar, but it would make no sense using it further, the word for "people of netherland" would be some crazy nonsense
What you ask for would require a lot more integration up to the federalization, as you need to unify the foreign policy, unify the military and create a sizable EU budget that EU can use in accordance to it's needs without approval of individual member states, the 3 major trademarks of a federation.
And Slovakia is basically the same story as well.
Currently, rhere is a loud group of very devout Christians in our parliament who would like to restrict or even *ban* abortion (ĽSNS party comes to my mind- they are basically far-right Christian traditionalists who *really* love to flirt with neonazism and use the word 'liberal' as an insult; there is also a Christian wing in OĽaNO which many people somehow overlooked during the parliamentary elections)
Dead, caught Hep C after birth in the hospital
Euro is good for specific economies, many of them specific exporting countries, like Germany, Slovakia, Slovenia, Netherlands, Belgium.
You could not during communism
For Slovakia two words are enough: "Upper Hungary?"
Or now with all the snow around, it looks like faitytale.
And even when it is illegal, no one ever was punished and can't really be, unless it is going to be someone who makes money or of it
I’d love to speak it so I can go on a vacation through French countryside and enjoy myself without a language barrier
Is it's just friendly picking on each other
It's an absolute disaster
You mean people on vacation
I can confirm that if someone knows Bratislava, that's pretty good, but if someone unpacks something like Košice, Bardejov, Poprad or other more famous city, that's the performance of the year
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ireland, Austria, The Netherlands, Belgium, Finland and, yes, France and Germany.
Edit: for those who don’t know Bratislava is basically next to vienna
The true fun is outside
I remember a bunch of 80s and 90s cars on the roads in the mid 2000s, those are mostly all gone
Especially its very strongly set in peoples mind because of the believers in USA.
Also the football fight was shitty time, those people who fought there were bastards
Explain please
You can either do what you just did, and claim that Slovaks are allowed to treat their minorities like shit and Hungarians aren't allowed to.
I often joke about how terribly some Hungarians speak Slovak
English without the Latin words is much better
Yea that sounds sketchy i found the cheapest for 20€ from Slovakia to Milan but never anything below 10
This video seems too unbelievable to be true
Just look at how Slovakia changed thanks to the EU.
It has its advantages, I actually kind of like it
If they can do it at a comprehensible level, I'd be very impressed since it has a very steep learning curve
Of course it wasn’t only like this - but I wanted to give different view and that there wasn’t always true justice for those greedy people
[And what about this nice guy from Slovakia ?]
Upper Hungary (Felvidek for our Hungarian friends) is the best Hungary.
A mobster currently on trial for ordering the murder of a journalist investigating his shady deals with the government got his stuff confiscated and his chat logs with politicians and judges about how truly corrupt they are and the deep ties to the businesses and mob have with the ruling parties
[Make Great Moravia Great Again]
Well I think in most Universities here this isn't a thing, besides from medical ones and few others maybe
Have you seen the ridiculous lies that they have been and are still spreading?
),  - ďakuješ
Were both 19 and are relatively experienced travelers and love keep our days busy!
I love these
In Slovak, the Sun - to Slnko (neutral), the Moon - ten Mesiac (masculine) and the Earth is - tá Zem (feminine)
Varies from country to country.
First was used a great place to host anime conventions, I used to live near it and the second one is a radio station
"If there is not going to be the motorway bratislava-košice in 2010, i will leave politics" - Rober Fico, former slovak prime minister - still in parliament, even though his party is not in government (since last month after 12 years)
I'll visit Constantinople only as a member of Holy crusade
Of course, sooner or later, a huge chunk of these simple people will realize that they were manipulated (or played like A DAMNED FIDDLE
Words like *equivocation* sound off in English
duolingo has its own website, if you cannot find the app
Central Moravian dialects are the prettiest Slavic languages/dialects ever
There is nothing manly about this behaviour
Also, lightbulb
They are very obsessed with public transport and sometimes have radical opinions about how the city or public transport should look like - without actually ever doing anything about it
Just few days ago Mogherini said not even 1 EU member state is thinking about sanctions that would be Syria related.
Those damn magyars couldn't just leave huh
What do you mean by fluently though
Students, gamers and companies almost always use PCs
What acctualy is uncommon here is Cyprus, Malta, Greece, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and obviously the microstates
there's this british CS:GO commentator who moved to Ukraine with his wife and lives there, so it's not like it doesn't happen or that it's always nonsensical, if you can get fine money from foreigny and spend it within these cheap countries then I'd call that a pretty nice life, especially with all the nice quality produce not tampered by* free europe-wide food market
Because in the early 90s the US were at first not decided whether enlargement of NATO is a good idea, the decision was made later in the 90s.
I remember people buying dolars and euros in case the situation gets even worse
I called it "week long steeper walk in the park". It's quite easy climb and the body would be 100 % recoverable
Unless it's Sagan
The 208 is more expansive than the newer C3, the 308 than the C4, the 2008 than the cactus and so on.
No that's Chille
These posts always seem slimy to me
TBH, of sich survey would be carried out here in 90s or early 2000s, it would bebe barely in double digit numbers, so those numbers are rising.
Edit: homemade burgers and I keep an eye on other nutrients
currently living in the UK so i can answer your question
Also makes me feel a bit - ups I said a bad word whereas in english its fuck fuck cunt whatever, just foreign language
Greece : Anything after fall of Byzantine Empire
it's a legal definition thing
Hah, I see through you're sly Slovakian tricks - all part of the Russo-Slovene Conspiracy to take the Gulf of Piran from us Croatians isn't it!!1!!!!
In the morning it smells of piss and vomit
Point is that map is bad propaganda.
Yeah I enjoyed times between wars better, than pre1914
Probably helps that my parents are separated and that my mother leaves to spend weekend with my dad at our cottage - so we have the place completely to ourselves at least a couple days per week
His only real interest are business interests of oligarchs who own him.
it’s not original, not cool and not true
Logic
Ultimately this lead to downfall of the social democeatic party which was in charge back then
Yes, but you don't end up speaking it because it's pretentious and weird and not at all like all the american movies from which you actually pick up your accent
(hoci istym sposobom aj je )
it's International Students' Day today)] Nov.
Easy - in Yugoslavia, except for NM, it's hvala (NM - fala), in Polish it is dziękuję, which is exactly how Borat says thanks in his fake Kazakh and Czech and Slovak are similar (Děkuji [dyekuyi]/ďakujem [dyakuyem])
I didn't learn all Czech names for months until I was maybe 23
The word "Gift".
these people are not the brightest
we all should stop putting the damned /s
Second one is described in text "*In terms of employment rate, the largest difference in favour of second generation immigrants compared to native-born with native background was in Bulgaria (9.3% points).*" Thus if I understand "*in favour*" correctly, 2nd generation of immigrants in Bulgaria (and also in Luxembourg, Hungary and Portugal) have better employment rate than natives.
A lot of people say ‘omg’ but don’t pronounce it the same way the English would, or ‘lol’ is quite popular and people literally say it in conversations, not just in text messages
It's the same in basically almost every country
Russia or Hungary
as there is a proof that it exists as a given name
Must have been in different Budapest all those times, then.
I'm not saying that Dutch dorm rent isn't overpriced, but many seems to forget the income difference when both countries use €.
But it would be really cool to see the outskirts of Marseilles vs the small old streets in the city centre
Also, fact that opposition in Hungary is just pathetic, it makes FIDESZ job much easier.
Cases where people go too far should be illegal, not the entire spectrum.
And that is exactly why Schauble is part of the problem.
r/Nottheonion at this point
Then the mountains are everywhere else really, if we dont take the other smaller lowlands
Not even Ján Slota from Slovak National Party tried to propose something like that and he was notorious for his drunk tirades about destroying Budapest with tanks.
No, Iran is trying to get a hold of Irak
If it's taught in foreign language (e.g. English) it's usually always paid
Where my Olomouc gang at
Some politicians criticized this decision, but it was a successful operation
I honestly do not know how to reply - your life experience seems so extremely foreign to the one of my friends and family, from both countries
I can undersand russian even tho my only experience with it was learning cyrilics which wasn´t that hard I can´t understand people when they speak (except for some random words) but when I see something written in russian I can understand it 90% of the times
That may be, but I'm sure we'll always be more important than Slovenia, erm I mean Slovakia :D
British cinema itself is great and diverse, from romantic stuff to great blackhumour comedies to dramas to even horror films
For us it can get a bit heated when it generational change and Russia related questions
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
Slovakia is far more rural than I expected.
Can we just transport all EU to another planet
Crazy how nature can arrange this to be possible, but...Slovakian flag
Ah, my cousin studied there
That's not a shower gel
To be fair I picked up the fact they speak czech because the narrator told me
Sorry, I'm bitter
-13 - -15 during day yesterday in Kosice, Slovakia.
Eh, it's fine
Hungarian was regional language like many other regional languages.
In our last election, our most liberal party got 33% of foreign votes, but in total didn't get enough votes to get to the parliament
Tbh, he's exaggerating a bit with this piece of info
As wasnt even that pro palestine, as I believe both Hamas and israeli government are opressive fools, but working and meeting with people from there chanched my mind profoundely.
For instance at three PM on august 21st 1968 in the town of Zvolen one Jozef Levák lied down in the path of the convoy of tanks
I would love to teleport into the future and see "Crimes committed by capitalism". Oil wars, extreme poverty, people dying from preventable diseases because they can't afford healthcare, sweatshops, inhuman labor conditions and so on
Your (and ours) contribution goes to overall EU budget and that is redistributed is more likely how it works.
I like beer as every slovak and walked home drunk alone many times
TBH, the viszegraád 4 are not really east nor west europe
People were genuinely surprised that such news even got out in Hungary
Because afaik there's difference between "foreign" and "second" language.
I was talking about semi trucks.
He sounded more like he was from east of the country
Greek state heavily donated utilities eg and it the end of the day Joe Citizen doesn't want to see complex arguments but simple one, for he a simple folk with all that comes with it.
Made me terrified
Straw could help, but using ice-cubes instead of crushed ice could help too
Maďarsko basically means “the country of Magyars/Hungarians”
I also find a bit strange that this comes from "intellectuals". Like what do they think it is going to look like
big up West Slavs
Also, the money UK doesn't get back directly still goes to other countries which then raise and educate skilled workers who might then decide that UK is a better place where to pay their taxes
and exploited its medieval feudal system and politics
Insane
I don't want to add salt to the wound, but I was little worried about attacks on LGBT centres that happend now, IIRC.
Is this their closest voting location or are they being funny?
Our GDP was the size as Ukraine's back in 1991.
the further from central european christian valued slavic countries, the harder the integrating
Surely, you must have seen so many scenes like this with your politicians on your TV, that it's hard to recall a specific one
In Slovakia we have “Jazykovedný ústav Ľudovíta Štúra” according to google translate: Ľudovít Štúr Institute of Linguistics
In Slovakia, it is "Ministry of Defense". Are there countries, which label the institution in a way that also suggests the possibility of *offense*?
Slovakia and Czech Republic I'd say.
> the uter hatred towards hungary is felt thru all of our history books
But thankfully today our government voted on removing this stupid rule so soon it will be history
Happily spinning everything in their own favour and in what they want public to think.
The channel doesn't own the recording
Prešov- Oh, there are jokes of this ''city''. Many people call this city village
Also, writing in English means your work has a much larger reach and can become more successful and affect your career choice if you want to be a writer, actor, streamer/youtuber and a multitude of other things that are affected by the language you use
US has played this game in some form or another since 1945.
Czechia - We shared most of our history together, like we were one state longer than we were sepparated, and lived thru most of the both wars together
IIRC the mark for a revolution is around 3% of population in the streets, according to some forsaken article I have read a long time ago.
The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic and legal state
I get so confused sometimes
'. This can be applied to the things I mentioned as well
Meaning that if you want to go to any pub, anywhere, in Dublin you will, like it or not, pass through wall of smokers as ashtrays are even generally located right next to main doors.
The execution alone was more of an political tool rather they justice served
I’ve tried that akvavit and It came pretty easily down my throat, however on the other day it almost came pretty easily upward too
Wow, where to begin
No hate towards Pisa, its a nice city, but there is not much things to do, loved the We love Pasta restaurant tho
I didn't assume you were joking; what made you think I did
I mean, we planned to go hiking to Italy this year, but you know, and this seems like a great alternative
Bratislava for foreigners, it's a usually just a stop between other Central European capitals, so they think they've seen Slovakia
If it weren't for the leak, this design wouldn't probably win
It’s shame that it always ends with WW2 and 50s and the rest is just quickly said
I felt like in context of English language and their often weird names as Liverpool it kinda makes sense, but with Bradavice, that's medical condition
No, I'm not saying that you want that, but this kind of thinking may very well open the way somewhere down the line for someone who does.
It was series of reforms, which makes it even worse that it was treated this way
Part 2
Good that his wife's dared to expose them, that was very brave of her
Well this is exactly the question of integration - muslim immigrant from Senegal can integrate to French culture, become French and so on if he is willing to adapt to that society, but how can be part of indigenous population?
Bratislava has very much parks and forests
I have never heard that comparison before.
I don't count flyovers because that's cheaing.
Its the issue where corporate lobby in Council shows.
Dang, when did we get replaced by Slowakia
It wont help when You say it hurts above the waist, while suffering from headache.
I have naturally a bit higher expectations for capital cities, moreover for a place the most of foreign tourists visit it's often not exactly representative
It gave you the Oxford school name vibe
Even can sleep there
However, I'm surprised he didn't mention Kingdom of Bohemia at all
Probably Jozef Tiso, president during WW2 that is responsible for sending thousands of Jews and others to Hitler
I do it all the time
It's been a while since I last saw that mistake but it's a classic
- Smer - SD: absolute populists, act like left-wing conservatives, but are relatively liberal, absolute populists
But times has changed, now we know what it looks like and also we are far behind industrial revolution and this just makes no sense in todays society even from philosophical point of view
Before then also maybe in the Holy Roman Empire.
That doesn't convince me, really.
And the insulation on our house was terrible despite being in one of the really nice parts
I opened this article fully expecting it was somehow taken out of context.
I guess economical invasion is easily overlooked due to no immediate casualties
Here biggest nationalists are usually protecting 'family values' and have support of church.
I know the melody and lyrics of these:
And do you have link
Sorry if im wrong but didnt Cyril and Methodius invent the alphabet by request of Rastislav of Great Moravia
>New York, Singapore, and Hong Kong are also outside of the EU and they do fine as well
I think they were supposed to be in some Polish wilderness or Black forest or something
because its the same "logic" (more like stupidity) you used.
State doesn't build churches, synagogues or mosques here.
We in Slovakia had a president who was fluent but replaced some words all the time.
what illegal thing they did
Its been real guys
Its WE who gave zero shits about debt hoarding.
&#x200B;
>According to his vocabulary there were romani: the ethnicity, and gypsy: the way of life that you just described
I guess you guys split your country by who drinks what.
The Hungarians, well a teeny bit too nationalistic, but I personally prefer the old borders, so I dont mind
Their invasion of Szekelyland and southern Czechoslovakia and immediate intervention of Legions and Romanian army which occupied Budapest put you to position where it was "sign or else".
Anti immigrant protest in Slovakia
How in the world did it even come to this
Yeah Czechia and Slovakia are coming for you..
You might want to specify the alcohol part
No we only have one literary Slovak language at schools that said we have foreign schools with foreign languages as main language of course
Abstinence-shaming; lot of people make fun and shame people that don't drink
Bratislava (440k), Košice (240k), Prešov (88k)
None at all
"/"Are you sure he wasn't Slovak
For some reason this reminds me of the tournament in Toussaint
Christ sake, if people are going to ask vague questions I wont bother in future.
Also, there is a difference between dental hygiene and dentist
I don't mean to be rude, but the rest is grey, colorless, socialist looking city, with a lot of sketchy areas (similar to those in Bratislava)
just dont do it
I believe you can learn a language better if you learn the meaning of words in the language itself, as opposed to learning translations, so I started using Oxford/Webster dictionaries instead of English-Slovak dictionary as soon as I could understand them
As an instance myself, I believe the most usual is Slovak-Czech combo, it's so common that I hardly believe there is another pair of countries in the EU speaking each other's language so well.
Its interesting actually
Could be helpful during this coronacrisis if there is going to be yogurt shortage
Brexit, jesus christ man
Can relate
With Czech it's like 97% inteligible
I know it's a bit off-topic, but are they considered part of your history?
Svatopluk (they call him the first Slovak king, even though that's nonsense)
Im so sad these things are happening in EU, we are the pinnacle of humankind yet people come here and cant integrate, because they got their brains wiped clean by somebody who is pulling strings and is too much of a lil´ bitch to actually participate
I meant shepherd
We are strong, independent people who don't need no other nation.
That's what you ger when you force communism on a strongly Catholic, rural population.
Well, off we go making business with Canada, he can continue to troll on twitter as far as I am concerned, dont care.
In here we want them to keep away and keep the distance, in Usa you want them close, because you are used to it
however may I ask you, you surely understand more, what’s the difference between Denmark and Norway
The absolute numbers are different to % of GDP in regards to the importance of the values.
Having more time to travel around the world, more free time, less responsibilities, enjoying youth...
Well, more polite one is "Je mi to jedno". Literally translated "It's the one to me", but more semantically translated "It's all the same to me".
In certain cases I would even allow it to non-tax payers as well (e.g. pensioners) if they are registered permanent residents
People usually go once a year
Later the Principality of Nitra was formed which consisted of majority of modern day west and central Slovakia
I am gonna call sarcasm level 9000 on this one.
I didn't believe that was even official for the first year or so
true
perhaps most of those were ignorant racists, but I know many people who do not feel racist but would not want their children to marry people of other culture/religion/race for the sake of at least some kind of preservation (continental/ethnolinguistic/national/subnational)
Can relate
I can understand objecting on principle because it was not approved by the legislature.
It’s just two sides of the same coin while with the rest of the world it would be two entirely different coins
And why is prince Charles so hated anyway?
Whole last night when many people were in state of panic you were reporting how the killer is either chechen or pakistani or whatnot and at the end of the day, the suspect even wasn't the man behind it all.
Also China is their Russia
Isn't it amazing, fellow Europeans, than we can say "Serbian Nigger" is funny translation and no one is being offended or losing their mind
He says a lot of things, but most of them are not taken seriously here in the east of EU
You got to choose between Merkel and The Train That Has No Breaks.
Well that I didn't expect
We bring money there, they even have slovak signs everywhere now.
Its mostly love-to-hate relationship all around, but not taken seriously.
And until they got what THEY and not germany wanted, it didnt pass shit.
If it is any consolation, I was arguing for the same thing back when the other Central Europe countries joined.
But what we do have is that if the pub is also serving hot meal (what is like 99 percent of pubs), they are required to have section for nonsmokers that is this and this big (dunno) that has to be adjacent to kitchen, so the food that non-smokers order wont have to go through smoke-filled room.
This, and our history lessons, which totally suck btw and leave out certain facts, are the sole reasons for many young Slovaks’ unfavourable opinions about Hungarians
Erich Honecker (East German communist leader) opens a window in the morning and says: "Good morning Sun
Russian internal propaganda of blaming all internal woes on West has been in effect since death of Tzar Nicholas, its not exactly news.
"As I was saying
Haha funny language
[BENÁTKY ]
Its holiday that no one, no one knows what the deal is
Well you are right - if we speak about mixed families - you are let´s say British born, parents are from Poland and Pakistan - Pakistan is just country, not ethnicity - so let´s say you are of polish-punjabi background so for census reasons there should be option mixed - and be specific if not specific than mixed white with asian by British standards.
Slovakia/Hungary are only paying lip service to the voting base.
And I have no idea where it came from - there is nothing I could find in the history of Venezia that goes by similar name
And if you are North Korea its ok.
So that helped
When my 82 year-old grandma, who's never seen a football match in her life, comes to our house on Sunday, she'll say: "You've been to the match?
But yeah, that aint no constitution, but this is the document I was supporting my claims with
Not only because I was a long time Blizzard fan, but I also have friends in the region (mostly in Taiwan tho - the country the two fired casters are from)
Not all EU members recognize Kosovo.
(Maybe due to being so close
Even if its slowly, but surely alienating southern member states.
I think this works for most of EU
In usual discussions about comparing Slovak and Czech economy and how Slovakia is catching up with Czechia it always included currency comparison
Now i started to take vitamin D and i feel better, but still hate it
The last resident of the house was the wife of the Dr.
I do think more Slovaks speak czech than Czechs speak Slovak for example
Russians very thrifty with the verb "to be", too
bring back latin
I guess
You can't have your cake and eat it's.
You got some traveling
Andy's foundation based in New York is represented in Slovakia by the author company LITA
And now we would have a much more developed good relationship.
"fánky" in Slovakia are [these]
It's mostly meant for kids in school to eat between breakfast (7:00) and lunch (13:00) at about 10-11:00
I mean I understand stockpiling canned food and shit, since going outside will be prohibited and you are scared you will starve (still ridiculously overblown, but at least some sense is there)
Like 25 is already like mid-July level temperature, at this rate we are gonna melt in a few weeks
Yugoslavia kinda pulled it off more successfully, but I think it was more about stars aligning and giving them the miraculous eraser of differences that was Tito.
By the way, an hour ago it was announced he had been tested positive too
Maybe because they're owned by the same company
We don't need to punish them
They are not asylum seekers, they are welfare seekers.
It is a competition
I mean
Some do, but many see 1st CS republic as an ideal state
Why stupid and wrong
The things that are associated with harsh or extreme features have the masculine associated (Sun, death, Summer, Winter) while things with moderate or pleasant features have the feminine assocated (Moon, Spring, Autumn, mercy)
Hungarian is like Slovakian vs.
You save for the whole year to buy something
I mean if you wanted to get paid during University, your best bet here(and usually the only thing), where I studied was working as cashier at Tesco or McDonald's lol
They have few similar words
Or there were many people ( bolo tam pokokot ľudí )
To be honest this really hits me
Here, finding a spot is like a nightmare; not only in city center, but also on overcrowded suburbs
Catalolia, everybody
That means 16:29 you are waiting to sign off and go home
What albanians have to do with this name dispute?
You need to consider the whole grid
Multiculturalism is great, but what is happening in Europe is wrong model.
"Miešanou" - "with the mixed" - popped to my mind only a minute later
But hey, thanks for remembering that Bratislava exists - that's more than can be said for a lot of people that make augmented maps
It depends
Love it there
Slovakia - our super gorgeous nature.
But don't worry I am sure you still look good
That's all nothing but a big packet of excuses.
And French people can’t pronounce H and U.
I am surprised I didn't find a comment from a Bulgarian, which would say rose extract
*Zbojník* - They were bandits that lived off the land and robbed people travelling through remote areas
I mean the first time I have seen bar fight was when I studied in UK and it was wow like in the films
Berlin seamed nice
Dying out regions, the highest rates of unemployment, no big towns (the biggest town in the 6 000 km^(2) area is Lučenec with population of less than 28 000), difficult transport options
I have learnt so much here
There is still this macho mentality in the country even tough now it is more about minority, but you can easily find a person who knows how to protect himself
The warning signs were all over the place, yet they kept on voting for this dumbass party
And yet it's easy for a Hungarian to learn German
This happened a long time ago
Be prepared that traveling in Europe is generally much more expensive than traveling elsewhere (i.e.
At least the photo must have been taken with a device able to emit wifi, so technically...
In Slovakia it is mandatory to have an ID card - [Slovak ID] \- once you are 15 years old
Baked potatoes in the ashes from bonfire
Maybe I was too specific when I brought up construction workers, because Bulgarian constants are applicable virtually in every field of human activity, like school science projects, when you've accurately measured several related physical quantities, yet somehow they do not fit the formula you are expected to prove; accounting (everyone's favourite), macroeconomical analyses, general statistics
I have been told "Serbo" is a homophone with the word for stash
At large protests like these, hooligans and such get aggressive.
And when it comes to central and eastern europe
But this year was very warm, probably the best winter of my life in that regard
Weirdly enough that name is not that hard to pronounce lol
English lacks a word for Uhorsko
It is even unfriendly to colorblind
Tanks, guns and so on are not for me.
And did you really say Czechs can outsausage us?
When I was kid he also got us Christmas tree, which to this day I'm not sure how "he" pulled that one off
They didn't even put the biggest cave system there, with all year permafrost spanning several KMs underground
Slovakia and Czechia go home, you are sober!
Or better, to moon Europa
Which is how TLS (SSL) works after the client/server negotiate the password using the public/private keys and so it's more secure and easier to use, because you don't have to implement it on application level.
SNP's position is still that full EU membership is their goal
I can't seriously imagine politician or police officer who would try this
Isn't this kinda like the plot of phoenix wright
Agreed
What will follow, making fun of Scots and their kilts
And than some west Slavic guys:
As if they're not actually celebrating Poland's independence but instead using an independence day to promote an EU agenda
Yeah but it would be like way more accurate if it Poland was labeled as Lithuanian Slovakia and not vice versa.
I believe the dubbing was the best part of the movie
Yeah
Because Kosovo aint recognized by 5 EU members.
'You're not Henry VIII,' Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
How come despite the way the government handled the crisis (especially the first wave), PSOE still keeps being the biggest party at least according to the election polls
&#x200B;
And now he blames other people for these numbers
The word felvídek or "upper hungary" is pretty big fight starter
Therefore I'd suggest to paint his as neither a hero nor a genocidal maniac
i sincerely hope this isn't supposed to be a reference to her song
English
Karu selli
ITT classic reddit circle jerk outrage
(As if Bratislava wasn't just a village compared to rest of Europe)
So it can be reversed
The Czech Republic didn't join the Euro zone and Slovakia did, and now the Czech currency has skyrocketed compared to the Euro and their economy has grown faster than Slovakia's.
Dont argue with them, they will just float off in a few years and then it ll be fine.
Slovenia don't you mean Slovakia ;)
This is actually the first time that the original is available
Just cause we hate what Putin and his cronies are doing doesn't mean we hate all Russians
Those are the true wonder
EsLa LIT
If you live in any bigger ‘city’ you probably won’t speak in a very specific dialect
But with memorials such as these, you are effectively questioning the right of Slovakians and Romanians to have their own independent state.
Or southern part
Did not expect so many negativism in the comments
I'm pretty sure we will be way better prepared for the next one
They lost the mountains in the divorce.
I have seriously fallen in love with that country.
[It sharpens you up and makes you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence]
From the few I've seen they tend to sport bizarrely wide shit-eating grins, but other than that I spot no difference.
As long as it all stands on Italy working with Misrata it will end up in fucking disaster.
To tell you the truth I absolutely love Pacific and Ocean beach and San Diego the mood there is really nice
Tiso was used by both Communists and democratic parties in 45 - 48 period, where some wanted his execution while others not so much
Ah shit, here we go again
Visiting a friend
It is not math when you say you receive money so you are clealry benefiting when you don t see all those negatives
Its one of the best films ever
I honestly do not know how to reply - your life experience seems so extremely foreign to the one of my friends and family, from both countries
We have exactly defined how many promiles of alcohol you can have in your blood while driving a car.
I'll be damned if I speak with anything other than the Trnavan dialect
Hungarians i work with literally are just like 'whatever'.... crazy
Hello, I'm m/19 from Slovakia and currently finishing my high school.
Why won't you make it a separate post
Slovak company Feckarse Industries supplied a reading board for an ophtalmologicts office in Father Ted
In Bratislava you would pay around 3000 for a studio around 30-40 m but you d make around 1000 and more also depending on the field you are working in
I do kind of hate my native language because of its complicated grammar and some inconsistencies
Other than that, it's pretty safe
I couldn't remember American word at all so I had to describe her what it was
DIESER ZUG HAST ABSOLUT KEINE BREMSEN!!!"
I'm a Brit too but I currently study in Slovakia and just found this sub so thought I'd comment.
I mean, they're didn't even get the qualified majority in *the Catalonian regional parliament* for the independence vote
^^/s
25 years until we got president who wasn't Party member, 21 years until we got PM who wasn't Party member.
I always thought that Koh-I-Noor Hardmuth was Danish or Norwegian (as Nór means "norwegian person" in Slovak)
thank god fighting didnt start until a few decades ago.
I've been asking myself the same question and I do believe the root cause is regional disparity (which, in Slovakia, is highest in EU) - basically you can divide Slovakia into Bratislava region (6th richest region in EU in terms of GDP per capita surpassing Vienna and Prague) and rest of the country
As a result of that I want to welcome FYR Macedonia, Serbia, Hungary, Slovakia and Moldova into the Great Mediterranean Family!
No difference in the stress either.
With me and my blond coworker, there was always attention on us in Kenya/Tanzania
Polish sounding ones (Czerny) from the north, close to the border with Poland
But tbh I don’t think that there’s ever been a party that I would 100% agree with on everything
The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic and legal state
Thats a lot of countries, when will you visit Finland, Ukraine, Balkan countries, Portugal and Slovakia?
Try Brno
I really loved that strip of sea you have
ummm
But we still put 8cl+ into Long Islands (gin, tequila, vodka, rum 2cl each)
What I can remember is cooperation between some Czech and Slovak studios when dubbing Alvin and Chipmunks, where some characters were Czech and some Slovak
3€) and I could walk out with a basket full of candy chips and ice cream
Thanks Slovenia for sending us mail each year that was wrongly sent to you, instead of us
I was about to say Mapy
So you folks have problems with the ol' Czechoslovakia
And Ukraine
lol
If WW3 starts we are between Ukraine and Western Europe
And Ljubljana is their capital city.
I still can’t believe the honorable and virtuous British Empire flaked on an alliance with another European nation like that and swept it under the rug
I'm giving Slovak hospitality
I started my university in Prague drinking that with my buddy, and basically coming to terms with the whole beer taste
let this man be a warning to all countries in europe, voting for populists with 100 popular slogans and 0 real solutions will get you a big pile of ...
more (sea)
It wasn't. The text was written by studen of Štúr - Ján Matuška, and the music comes from Slovak folk song Kopala Studienku
In Slovak:
However I would do it for Chipotle
That has nothing to do with socialism, communism, capitalism, fascism, and other similar -isms
Horvat is the most frequent[1][2] surname in Croatia and Slovakia,[3] 2nd most frequent[4] in Slovenia and 5th most frequent surname in Hungary
Ukraine for showing us shit could be a lot worse :)
big up West Slavs
It's supposedly proven by DNA tests done on Tutankhamun's mummy
Served mixed, sprinkled with Parmesan
except of romance languages, which are all beautiful i find nice swedish and i don't know why also basque - i am just fascinated when i hear those two languages lol
Same in Slovakia, yellow car or smart
I'm very good at ignoring other people, but it kind of bothers me that no one ever tells anything to him about it
Czechs and Slovenes germanized confirmed!
Nothing extraordinary is listed there besides standard info (where/when born, address), but you can add some remarks, such as academic title, blood type or serious medical conditions
There was a thunderstorm a few hours back, it was the last breath of normal weather, here it comes
Is the last one an Archer reference or do you actually believe that?
al jazeera or in other words, apologists for islamic terrorism and sharia practice, is mocking people that are against islamic immigration, unsuprising
If not, then there are two periods
I'm 32 and married to a foreigner with residence permit
But well was supposed to be at EDC now, so thats a bummer, because that looks awesome
Assuming there are only two individuals, or two major political parties/coalitions
I would also nominate Petrzalka, although it's getting better
From historically lowest unemployment rate to the biggest GDP growth (alongside Slovakia) in th EU, it's been an enormous success.
I get it that doing business with China became quite an industry standard, but even that should have it's limits and we shouldn't sacrifice our core values to please totalitarian regimes
I just read something about that and pit it on my to go list of Czech rep
In 2013-2017 crown was not allowed to go beyond 27 CZK/ EUR
Campaign to change the law
NATO should have been abolished after cold war and also agree with Trump that he can normalize ties with Russia.
You brought up disputed over his "rightwingness" when for past 27 years he never considered himself as anything but conservative right wing member.
That conflict must have been unbearable in Czechoslovakia.
When it comes to German, you're way off
It is believed that every true CéPéčkar uses this website to get to the capital because they are too poor to own a car
Showing them what the world outside is like isn't punishment, it's just the default state of things
I remember that picture from school
Bruh sound effect #2
However, I'm sure you can't be bothered to actually be honest here.
none of those sound too hammery to me tbh
Silesia, Russia, Slovakia, Serbia, etc.
Ulrich seidl, our own neighbour, made a film Import Export where he went to Slovakia
I fucking love Horkýže Slíže so much
In slovak it’s pronounced either as /ɦ/ or /x/, depending on where in the word it is
Some maybe more artsy places, or something like that
even Great Moravia was czechoslovak
Dick breast, interesting
Makes me think, are there even any cartoons today which will be as well remembered in thirty years?
On the other hand, I often have problems pronouncing french words because I just get lost in all those vowels
Super markets in USA are huge
Because from we see you are even more like us than Czechs which is a brother nation, in some cases
With your fancy money and gadgets and shit.
If they have a retarted president or retarted government its the fault of the people.
Definitely Polish
Therefore is seem logical to me to consider these countries a separate region and not part of eastern Europe
Koliba, Pečniansky les, Lesopark, Horský park etc
What they need to do is to shift right on immigration and that would be enough to make Le Pen lose a lot of votes.
But hey, if they want plenty of confused students to call them with the same questions all day, who am I to judge ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
5% - Sensible right-wing libertarians
And as long as Finland and Sweden are NATO allies, while Baltics, Poland and Denmark members, Russia can build a starfleet in Kaliningrad and it never be useful.
Also Dragon Heart was filmed here
They have full mouths all the time about human rights and democracy and morality.
And I say that as not a fan, but seriously Fico eg is worse.
SloWakia ?
Are you serious
The house itself is not locked
(Slovakia)
Those are politicians sentenced for crimes of sedition and/or embezzlement
The Hungarians in the south are satisfied with their position, a lot of Romas live from welfare, so they need the government, we barely know Rusyns exist except of knowing them personally or remembering they celebrate the major holidays later than we are
were asked about blacks
Show me ONE example of communism to work in functional society in the history
I want 1060ti
Distant form is paid
But its hard to say since we didn't have a need to use a separate term till like 17th century as we were usually a part of something bigger
In the same way we shouldn't use term [Recovered Territories] but something more factual like *Ethnically cleansed and Polonized territories of former eastern Prussia* or something like that.
I have oregano associated rather with Italy
Hell kick them out and just start getting new countries into EU.
I was in Hungary and Poland two weeks ago (also went through Slovakia but didn't stop).
Their use is simply far more limited.
Latvia= Lotyssko
Sad thing is that there are actually enough people in Turkey who think that 4th largest economy of world, that is strongest nation within EU sees Turkey, country in economical crisis, that is day-by-day closer to full-scale civil war, led by batshit crazy authoritarian whose own parliament has been bombed by his own fighter jets just months ago as anything worthy or rivalty.
Their guilt in these crimes was proven beyond any reasonable doubt
What we can see is that Fillion took a hit after revelation of his scandal.
Le Northern Hungary has arrived
What makes you so convinced that we have free will?
If they can do it at a comprehensible level, I'd be very impressed since it has a very steep learning curve
Probably would have started a year earlier if COVID didn't strike this year
Take a train up north to Belgium and stay some time in Brussels and Antwerp, before heading to Amsterdam.
Mmm sulance s makom
We have three major groups of ethnical minorities with their own language: Hungarians, Romani and Rusyn
Also:
After its fall at around 903 the country split and Principality of Nitra became separate entity again
Grandmother told me a story about a Russian tank crew that found it funny aiming the tank gun straight at people driving by and how the tank convoy was following her car for about 20 km aiming directly at her
Plus czechs ate still bros
\- literally stating "the Hungarian government" not "Hungarians bad".
Here the sun sets down at 3 (behind the mountians), i i do not like it very much
Also, I like to think that the second part is indirect reference to Czechs whom didn't fulfill Pittsburgh treaty
This doesn’t look like Italy at all
or at least one that includes zinc, salycile acid, nettle extract
Trianon best year of my life !!!1
Stop selling when you already sold.
Some people go for sights, others for the vibe and local life experience
You don't need any approximation of Israel, because multiculturalism and mass immigration as a solution to economic-demographic paradox will definitely work and there is no way it can fail.
Lol here it's not only normal, but mostly expected, especially on night lines
Virtually everyone can understand it and I'd say 75% of the population could hold a conversation on any topic
He called the UN (in Slovak it's Organizacia Spojenych Narodov) as Organizacia Spojenych Nadorov (United Tumours)
You might want to specify the alcohol part
Christianity
That was pretty much my point
". Long story short, there is little to no nostalgia for Slovenska Koruna and people enjoy benefits of stable single currency
We live in world with NATO and EU.
Except, y’know slovakia is full of snow
I only know 73 from the ads (i work in advertising so I couldnt not notice it), but I will definitely try it:)
Milan Rastislav Štefánik
[This wiki article] lists different names for this pastry.
I will be frank, never have I not been able to tell right away
The school and healthcare system are not the worst, but far from ideal
I think Honest Guide managed to show off Slovakia better than anyone from Slovakia that I've seen
It really depends on the event itself, but generally i would say people bring their bottles, which they open and pour drink to anyone
People also mix up Slovakia and Slovenia, and Latvia and Lithuania.
Revolut only helps with currency conversion fees and bank fees (and even then has a fee if you need to withdraw more than 200eur monthly)
8% misc anti-centralization, usually center-right, politicians
I translated for police in the Uk, and the crime was there, the worst were then modern slavery rings, and the perpetrators were czech and Slovakian Gypsies.
It's not that cool as it could be but basically many years ago, when Google Translate started to be a thing, we were bored at school, made fun of random phrases and this one stayed in my memory
Czech Republic and Hungary mostly
haha i would be able to pronounce it
However what was interesting was there was a lot of houses directly at the boardwalk
Marseilles would be great
American
And I totally agree on food
beware
"Everything was clearly written down, in white on black
Burgenland and Niederosterreich - slowly being absorbed by Slovaks and Hungarians (really, a lot of people move and work there)
Truly fucking horrifying how these assholes basically ran a mob ruled state, we knew before but now there's evidence
Ask her why they never built metro in Bratislava then
Not really, they are not paid by government are they
It can be filled with jam , raw vegetables / fruit, chocolate,  various creams etc
The rest don't know the difference between us and Slovakia.
Does the "sz" in "Nos Zbigniewa" sound to you as the "sz" in Bydgoszcz
During WWI, when Czechoslovakia was just forming, we successfully defeated Russia in a naval battle, despite being a ladlocked country and having no navy
Most of our families are christian so kids are familiar with the story of Jesus
Dunno but Im preety sure we were portrayed as opressed minority in the books
Really
Also, I am gay, thus I presume that that would be enough for the Slovak army to never let me anywhere close to them, haha.
Not like neonazis in Bratislava or stupid people in Prague week ago
Because it probably means only rights related to marriage, not any other rights.
True, sometimes people assumed that there was something between them, but that was mainly from the older generation
Strictly because its part of our cluture.
*Ally with Slovakia*: defeat in 24 hours
The true fun is outside
How would storage of fuel on Moon be easier then storing it right on orbit?
My mom always make some friends
Also China is their Russia
Halušky, the Slovakian variety.
From your perspective, it's not a long time
People are asking what customers can do in response
Could you please elaborate a bit on his ecological and economic views
Not only did they dishonor their promise to declare war, but they cut us up behind our backs and didn’t even invite us to the agreement that sealed the fate of our nation
sane (sleigh)
There is nothing fancy about a Toyota or a Honda.
Branik was my starter beer
"nadalj" really look a bit like "naďalej" so
I can't see how this is going to end in eastern Europe
Generally for an average Slovak speaker, every version of "Slovak" is to some extend understandable, of course the further into history you go the harder it gets, but that applies to every language
So I think the neighboring etiquette is whatever fits you and your neighbors
I say we check his genes and then just out of the sheer fun of it deport him to the race he hates the most.
Again, baltic states I hear as nice.
&#x200B;
hungarian submarine fleet
Well, you know what they say - society grows when old men plant trees whose shade they know they will never enjoy
I only glanved through the list but I would say any country could achieve 9/10 of those points by themselves
Hence why Brexit online polls saw Brexit winning, while telephone polls saw Remain winning as people were less shy online to admit their feelings.
It's probably important event in Slovakia, but it had no effect in the Czech part.
I've been to Tallinn for one day, BTW, and that's pretty much everything I know about Estonia
The 25 % is the youngest generation, although they watch Czech cartoons too, I am certain
For those i suggest to cross slovak-urainian border
Not at all, which is a shame because there are many accents to choose from
Czechia is member of EU, making it easy for workers from other EU member countries to move and work in Czechia.
And another salty Brit who suddenly fails to remember Chamberlain cowardice.
Latest polls show that majority of people are in favor of gay marriage so hopefully it will get legalised soon (we have just civil unions since 2006 so far).
Baltic states : I know only about Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
The more you know
But I just googled it and that's actually incorrect, and the correct way is "Rímsko-nemecká ríša" = Roman-Germanic Empire
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
Even to this day
So STFU and keep your roads clean :p
Usually you shouldn't cut it wet
Cause the true, given by Gods to the Slavs is,
I follow Visegrad Group politics and then Germany and France
We learn mostly about the history in the North, but also about the events affecting whole country (like kings, their policies etc)
They want us to think they are all into defense, while secretly, in a cryptic language
What are you talking about
I always wanted to travel to baltics, you guys look so awesome
All the privacy of a booth while still pissing outside
But countries like Slovakia have much less people to support with their tax revenue and offer cheaper wages and are in the EU.
[this is how it sounds]
Us Slavs (apart from the Bulgarian and Macedonian traitors) don't have articles, so it's usually pretty difficult to use something in place of nothing
Because swearing in English kinda doesn't feel like swearing
Basically everything he said/done was stupid
It's not only about common people, but the shitstorm of Eurocrisis in 2011 convinced many elites (academicians, politicians also people from business) that Euro is a no-go in forseeable future
Older translations of the books in Czech don't contain the suffix -ová, but I suspect that the Slovak translation of ASOIAF is to be blamed, since it was the first one to use it
A lot of castles had wooden structures/barracks build inside their walls as well, unfortunately they do not last as long as stone.
Lot of people also live in one country and commute to work/school in another
She was pushing for that "it will be complicated and such" answer really hard.
Hell, even Lukashenko went publicly few days ago about how Putin managed to get Trump to White House.
Didn’t see any less of them in Lesser Poland tho, close to where I’m from
Lol, anyway, very interesting, thanks for the info
(Mainly the Euronet network seen in multiple countries but some local ones as well (seen in some local banks in HU and CZ))
There was even an uproar from the public once, when they wanted to skip airing it a certain year
I managed to get by with the same as a student, but I am surprised it is doable also in Norway
It would be like only connecting Germany to nazis
World’s highest number of castles and chateaux per capita, appearantly
I wouldn't be so sure about it
I actually do hope, that one time, English will eradicate other languages, including my native one
I mean, yeah, he's probably a nazi, Im just saying that you can't know that for sure from a photo out of context
Why Slovakia when you can choose Slovenia.
Oh you must mean the famous Slovak electrician, Mikuláš Tesoliak.
And as you recall WW2 had a genocide
You can't possibly go anywhere without passing at least one castle, castle ruin or chateau along the way here
Whats with the decimals
Thank you Czechia  for being a big brother to us, and also for your delicious beer (best in the world)
When growing up, I mostly watched Hungarian TV, but now I prefer Slovak channels (since our news are let's say
I think he should apologize for what he did.
Currently moved to Netherlands ( Utrecht ) and found out you can't use Visa or MasterCard because they have their own - Maestro I think.
and that the recognition of Kosovo by Serbia will be addressed before EU accession.
), Vrchni prchni, Jak vytrhnout velrybe stolicku (these are mostly czech comedies, I love them) and so on (like Fantaghiro or other old foreign live action fairy tales, czechs and slovaks love those)
Secret services are cut in enormous backlog that they are not able to process in time.
Omg indeed
It does exist in North Africa, Middle East - but, how can you know it is not imported from Italy, or they made their own recipes, even if they call it pasta, it is waaaay away from true pasta taste (yeah I tasted it) that has a centuries of long history in Italy
Oh right, a tiny part of Belgium blocked it, against Germanys wishes.
Never been to Hungary, Slovakia, or Slovenia.
And we just sit and talk and drink
It democratic country, revolution is always totalitarian, because otherwise the changes would come from democracy
Wow
I couldn't remember American word at all so I had to describe her what it was
I thought it would be a lot higher than it is now.
So we are in agreement - shitty money...
I'll pay you to stop using "Czechia." I'd live in any Slavic country I haven't visited yet (Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Poland or Slovakia).
Hey, I saw them in Germany with my own two eyes.
Thank you for educating our ancestors during the monarchy, some of our greatest Slovaks studied in Czechia/Moravia
Everybody is laughing at us now, but we will laugh when our supreme cat army conquers the world
Such a shame that I deleted my old account this week.
I am learning french for now and wanna add Spanish later, so I won't confuse them much
I once saw a huge governmental ad in one criticizing Brussels and Juncker, and she took it as a fact that the EU is trying to rule us without our input
Best video ever, no joke
Agencies copied this horseshit and its all over the news that Le Pen is now leading 8 percent over the second most prominent candidate.
I like walking
If we accept that attack on Turkey is attack on EU, than Turkish attacks and wars are also wars of EU.
Also we were making bows and arrows with our knives and shooting around, also making those balloon guns and shoot rowan around, also those kinder surprise grenades
Oh, and we should probably ban black people from coming here as well, because they are even more over-represented in prisons and crime figures than Muslims and Asians in general.
For Slovakia two words are enough: "Upper Hungary
Please don't get me wrong, I love US, but, I always considered your fundamentalists, and evangelicals, and even GOP, as a Christian conservative party, to be more fundamental and little different than ours.
Our language started as Proto-Slavic common with other Slavic nations
Many find it hard to fit in so they cement themselves into communities of the compatriots or people from close culture, yet at the same time get that superiority feeling of "now I live in civilization", taking all successes of that particular country as their own.
Funny that I hear this from everyone, but from people who actually live in Sweden who generally just go "meh, who cares about their BS".
Elizabeth masterrace
I think the city is getting bank off the Solaris resort just few km away (which is also nice).
- Kotleba - ĽSNS: literal nazis, antisemitic speeches in the parliament, protests when the president gave awards to Jewish people (only criticism regarding Jews), previous party got shut down because of nazi symbolism, leader has used nazi symbolism repeatedly (run a shop with 8
Comment above you claims Estonia will be in fast lane, and i've seen Slovak PM claim Slovakia is certainly not going to be in the slow lane.
He announced a few minutes ago on national TV that he wouldn't resign and that he'd convince his friends that his candidacy was the best for the party.
No, in Czech and Slovak those are pronounced the same as i. For comedic effect you can pronounce it more like your y = more like the German ü but that's it
The capital is quite cosmopolitan in this regard
Piran is an amazing town
I loved them as a kid
Because swearing in English kinda doesn't feel like swearing
"Ta Ne" by Kristína
They rightfully deserve their own state
Are you the NATO representative, planning the invasion
Hahahahahahaha
[When French banks are scared to loan to politicians in 21th century]
Because her family was stupidly rich with very strong connection, and even that they lose a lot of power, they are still quite powerful
Don't believe that Zagreb or Bucharest are similary unsafe compared to Madrid, Neapol, Brussels, Paris, London or similar "western" cities full of no-go zones and crime.
No questions
quality shitpost
Ah, Runescape
Hlava, ramená, kolená, palce
Super sad, was fortunate enough to see it in 2015.
If you live in border region (like me in Bratislava), it's very common
Now the question is - since we have a budget almost as big as the US before Iraq, do we have comparable military capabilities as USA had before Iraq?
There are solid soaps made for body washing too
I mean seriously watching your presidential debates for 1 year and it is like some very bad tv show with comedians as main stars.
Probably the forming [new Bratislava downtown] Probably contrary to what most people from the west picture (if they picture anything at all), Bratislava is becoming a very modern city, with plenty of new high-rise buildings and well developed infrastructure
We don't need to punish them
Eurotrip was not that bad to be honest, but it would have been more accurate if they said it was Košice, cause it doesn't look that different than Luník IX
Nowadays, mostly December-February in the lowlands, although brine is all that's left of it by noon
Technically, that was my country as well.
This, and our history lessons, which totally suck btw and leave out certain facts, are the sole reasons for many young Slovaks’ unfavourable opinions about Hungarians
its called heritage and being patriotic, reminded of it and nurturing it you are preserving achievments of past generations for future generations and thats your achievment
[Perinbaba] in Slovakia
Sometimes persecuted when they did and said something regime didn't liked, but not banned.
Yes, thats pretty suspicious behaviour, what was she planning
dans 0:23 elle nous rappele une message très actuel, ce qu'on souvent entend en cette moment xD
It's the only thing you are sure to get in every food stand here in Slovakia (alongside párek v rožku) and it's hungarian
I wonder where that’s from, considering we’ve got a oil refinery not even that far away from the main parts
My pick would be Bocelli's Con Te Partiro
NZ is doing much better internally than Slovakia, which makes the island argument invalid
Finally some hardcore facts into this discussion.
I still can’t believe the honorable and virtuous British Empire flaked on an alliance with another European nation like that and swept it under the rug
I feel like many people who support communism dont really know how society/country works
I worked in Scotland for a couple of years and went for a work night out with my colleagues and there was my Hungarian colleague.
That percentage actually lines up with my gymnazium class.
I met some people in SF that travelled around and even named Strbske Pleso
Four restaurants in our country, two of them in the capital
Small talk is probably even weirder in Slovakia than in Germany
Wait when you have Russian towels all over the Spain these tourists don’t leave so easily and quickly as German ones
Before Romans, there were Celts here, as well
In prague there is a park called "židovské pece" which means "jew furnaces"
Also the idea that communism means equal is ridiculous
Instead we got Meciar and his mafia followed by Fico.
Blasphemy
didnt work out for the glorious microsoft windows mobile
i do not doubt for a second that many shits have been lost
Aliyev twitter account is awesome.
Reminds me of how terribly Spanish people must feel when someone is surprised that they can speak Mexican
What we need is cooperation among European countries, isolationism when it comes to MENA.
are we being put up for adoption, mom
Without it we’d be much closer and I think that the EU is sort of bridging that gap
Got me to Berlin for 4 euro two way while before I had either choice of 140 EUR for a train or bit more for two way ticket from Vienna.
Germany - nazi puppet state duh
>... using Y at the end of a verb, which is simply never correct
Now, if you're a connoisseur like me and don't like to drink cheap shit, it's an unspoken rule to not drink from my fancy Honey Jack Daniels at least not without my approval
Are you serious
Like, could not they think that there will be retaliation
Both Le Pen and Juppe could use this to boost their ratings.
Cibuľa (Zwiebel), cieľ (Ziel), kritizovať (kritizieren), plech (Blech), žemľa (Semmel), etc
i know that place" lol
I cannot think of any other places that would receive lots of tourists (maybe other mountains or castles across the country)
Again
So well
V-E-R-Y corrupt
We have more:
English
So he is sticking out in his own retarded way
It's not a separate subject, just a small part in biology class
Especially when we check Greek productivity which speaks for itself, huge hours spent sitting at work, doing nothing
You want to talk about Georgia and Ukraine?
tak jest
Anyone here from Slovenia, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Latvia or Lithuania who can tell us about their countries?
They are very anti eu and the germany is seen and stabilising nation of EU
So you get Rural Juror
3€ for a shot of alcohol that cost €25 is a pretty good price
Slovakia is heavily religious
We had few "bag of potatoes" presidents over here
Well-functioning democracy without any russophilic oligarchs at the helm.
slovak here, we call them farár (priest) or faraón (pharaoh) cards
Totally visit Jordan
In slovakia this works pretty much like magic
So many people here think they're so enlightened and intellectual while spouting stupid shit like the comment you replied to.
It's just needlessly complicated
1867 just gave such right to two and ignored the rest.
I completely agree with your second point, though.
Even before socialism, they were influenced much more by Germans than Russians
Slovak Ministry of Transport used 14,7 million Euro to develop state run alternative to Google maps and Waze for Slovakia.
So in other words she is threatning us that she will do something we require her to do.
How old are you
It was the least crazy part of Yugoslavia.
half-eagle
Only the Baltic countries, Romania and Bulgaria are in the second.
Dying out regions, the highest rates of unemployment, no big towns (the biggest town in the 6 000 km^(2) area is Lučenec with population of less than 28 000), difficult transport options
(or when our Czech bros calling us Hungarians
I will try to explain it in detail - i am not expert on this topic, but as someone very interested in demography i have deep knowledge on demography and ethnicities and immigration in most european countries and major cities, so i think i can add some relevant comments here.
Anyway, I have no idea what my country would smell of
It's not that these people are bad or extremely dumb
People usually go once a year
Smart
I thought we ale fine with our neighbours
Best one is "I was in your country
Trees, small lakes, all very people-friendly, close to city center
what kind of disputed land problems in slovakia you are talking about?
Seriously what next learning Arabic means person is hidden terro.rist?
Other time the Czech state had to pay for cleaning a non-smoking hotel room etc
Europeans are also quite cheesy people, every country produces and consumes their own type of cheese
There's a lot more German in Slovak, that you'd never think are loanwords because they are just so very basic
Of course geneticall and possibly cultural makeup of members of this population will be increasingly disconnected to previous members of population on the same territory, but still you can have the same number of people there.
you guys are still sore about trianon?
They seem to be a bit dismissive of the existence that
Obviously the talk about motorway was trough northern slovakia
Also from a military point of view it could have helped to at least slow down Hitler.
KURV4
Omg exactly
Hmm, is there a communist party in Portugal
Does it include minorities, or we talk foreign language
Yup , it is , but HS are from Slovakia
I see you are trying to start World War III though.
we have "dva" for masculine/neutrum and "dve" for feminine in nominative, but instrumental is "dvoma" and "dvomi" and I actually had to google it (to find out both are correct for both).
Europeans are also quite cheesy people, every country produces and consumes their own type of cheese
Group C are fascists
Hard to see the paramilitaries coming to the table for that.
It really depends on how you're willing to perceive it - from the scientific, biological-evolutionary point, or from the point of a person who is outraged by words
Also, I don't mind that works are more commonly in English instead of the native language
We'd also finally get rid of the shitshow that's our politics
This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them
Nope
Man, I hope they slip to single digits
Somewhere
it has nothing to do with immigration, only with opportunities.
I dont understand who are those people, who are in favour of communism as being a real alternative
In Slovakia Russian language it´s No.3 - English logically No.1 as in every country in Europe, German far behind English and far ahead of Russian as No.2/just like in most CEE countries/.
Great beer
If communism has to be totalitarian (which i believe is the case at current state of human evolution), then that implies that it will become totalitarian and the government will act this way
Nah, you know, just chillin'...
WHat does this even mean
But fighting sports are quite popular over here, many people do boxing, muay thai, mma etc
Nah
Hungary: everything
That is taken at the same day Putin claimed how not Russian army troops are deployed outside the base and that all area local militias.
\>70
Because he needs US, not because he likes it.
5x higher
Certainly not much worse than here, On some fronts even better.
Also I see no reason why I should be proud of the place just cause I was born in it
EU is a considerably larger market.
As long as it doesnt revoke them, its gonna be quick.
Well I have to mention that the quality of the dorms is .. lacking, to say the least
Just to really flip off the UK.
“Z Komára Somára” (Turn a mosquito into a donkey) It basically is said when the person you’re talking to is over-exaggerating things
Strangely, Slovak does have the noun "porucha" which means outage just like in Czech, but there is no such adjective as "porúchaný" in use in common speech, although it would be generally comprehensible and even feel Slovak, indeed
If you dont have any high demand technical skill, you are the one going to crop vegetables in the fields, so you can start right away, even with no communism
Again, we talk here about flexible application of rules based on context.
It democratic country, revolution is always totalitarian, because otherwise the changes would come from democracy
Another choice would be the easternmost part of the country
And as you recall WW2 had a genocide
You just need to study Austrian Hungarian empire
Nobody cares how he calls it, but at least we all can see how German government is protecting their fraudulent companies.
My posts actually suggest that I didn't
Yeah, we go to work and shop there
As a contrast to it you have cote d azur beaches which are just full of caffees and small shops and boulangeries, because French and their cafes
Oh I perfectly fit into mine
Dude
Ehm what
American
Not sure if these are specific to Slovakia
The only domino effect Brexit can cause seems to be the one which will split the UK itself.
And some did I think
I lived in a capital city and definitely never wanted to have a car there
Your utter failure to comprehent the written we shall leave for another time.
hviezda = star (feminine)
also no point for them to live here except some jobs in US companies That means educated people in higher positions, hardly people that can be problem for integration
Our languages are very similar + we are highly exposed to one another so there barely any problems with conversation
More separatist movements in Italy than just the Veneto area, talking about the north separating itself.
For example, one of the largest and most important hospitals in the capital city doesn't have a single parking spot, or garage, or any type of parking around it
The general rule is that international law supersedes national law and the union law is actually an international law, as it is based on international agreements between multiple parties referred to as the member states, where the member states agreed that the Union will have specified competences in specified fields.
Montenegro will definitely join before Serbia because they are far ahead with chapters already.
Mám to v piči - lit
It doesn't matter what it is, you need to bitch about it at least a little bit
1930-1940s
Yea, it's a train it has doors every few meters why would you stand close at 1 place,
Compared to that, Czechs had different story
But the verb thing shows me you are a complete idiot
Edit: more generally, any arbitrary made up number added into a mathematical formula without rational justification, in order to compensate for discrepancy between its theoretical result and practical observation
Lets just add that Fico lives in rented apartment of building owned by oligarch Basternak who is for second time being investigated for tax fraud.
But I get it that branding dissenters mentally ill is a time-verified Soviet staple
are you interested in post communist countries?
So you don't really have to swap them, but I suppose it sounds even funnier to you that way, which is the point
Truth also is that German elex are still 6 months away.
I have never seen you guys in here, hello
Imams employed by an branch of organization established by Constitution of the Republic of Turkey working for Republic of Turkey.
Two way too old men with history of lying and abusing people around them, history of corruption etc
I am accusing the EU of importing terrorists into the Schengen area,
thought this was r/notinteresting
Well, Zeman is president, doesnt have power over MEPs.
I've lost the count so far, but I guess it could be around 50 or 70, since we've visited some of them more than one time
In what exactly is it prefferable to have dozens of squabling states to one that centralizes critical areas like defense, economy and foreign relationship and leaves internal matters to institutions closer to citizens?
Goddamn 20th century !
High Tatras for Czech and Slovak tourists
Czech is the closest language to our Slovak and we can write, speak and understand it without much problems, because we've been exposed to it since our childhood
What are the opinions on the source website?
was the Russian administration oppressive when it came to Finland and Finns
and Slovakia are in Eastern Europe for him.
We call it "bag of potatoes" over here
I lived in Plymouth and the weather was constantly the same
You are right
So Slovakia is Middle East
The Latin words feel foreign
Which pre-2008 was somewhere at 3-4 percent everywhere (except Austria)
The problem with those is that they are not doing anything - yet
10€ - four craft beers in a pub (or 6-7 ordinary ones)
I guess it sounds as artificial to you as 'American football' sounds to an American.
The vote is usually slightly in favor of remaining
Sometimes I get angry when I cant take both skis and snowboard when I go skiing, because I take a bus to the resort or a train, but thats it
But then again, I know virtually nothing of the Balkan area
the big problrm i see is lack of connection to wanted destination . f.e. vacarion visits . good legislation wont hurt eithet so you have to pay fees for each country individually
I've seen pretty much most major cities in Europe, and I too think Istanbul would be awesome for this
What companies does May want to attract by low taxes?
Like what
this can't be accurate
A protest against refugees in Slovakia.
It’s obviously not always true but when you look at any election results and see which part of the country voted for which party, it kind of just confirms it
how do Danish names sound
People just save more
Then until 1993, Prague was the biggest city in Czechoslovakia
The article focuses purely on the predicament that UK's most dominant trade partner is the EU, disregarding the fact that this might not be the case in 5 years.
In the afternoon again he opens the window and says "good afternoon Sun", he says
Regarding war - that's where NATO and collective defenses should come in
And you as American should applaud him as well.
I also remember how Róbert Fico said: "You can rest assured that I won't be doing politics in 2014 anymore
I remember exactly this from my grandma, but about a fly
The problem of V4 is, that Orbán and PiS are hardliners, so Czechia and Slovakia won't associate with them.
what illegal thing they did
All of westerners saying Hungary, because of Orban or Poland, because of PiS are nice example how uninformed some people are thanks to western MSM.
You can't refuse to pay a fee and then complain that you won't be allowed to use said services
Be careful what you wish for
For Slovakia it would be some mining town probably
Currency exchange is also a hassle - If you find yourself in Prague near Florenc and need to get on the last tube, you can bet you're gonna have bad time if you don't have enough Czech cash on you
It could also lead to obstructionism and polarization.
I can't wait to see European Army haha
I miss it, good old days
Giving away money to burn is not doing anything as you can tell?
Happy cake day
In Poland
And Slovakia ??
I wasn't just casual free to play player, I spent over 1000€ in past 3 years on their games
"Government" is used where Americans would use "administration."
I definitely identify more as European than as a Slovak
I am familiar with your census - demography statistics are among my hobbies, but would be good if you had more options not only other white or other asian, i get it you you can´t have 300 options...
It’s very weird when you hear Czech there sometimes
Is it really that bad and depressing how people say it is
It was taken by Ladislav Bielik in Bratislava, August 1968
Just FYI one of Basternak companies owns a property in same building where minister of interior lives and is represented by former colleague of minister of interior.
[Tublatanka - Spálená láska]
What was in the Czech translation of ASOIAF
E.g. in Slovakia the state of hospitals is alarming
Basically the biggest issue is that there's no solution
Dude
It depends
Also, even though my German is so poor that even when I order food in restaurants, and I make myself clear that I'm just trying practice it a little bit if they kindly let me to do so, waiters better switch to English, I remember an English conversation with a German, when I wasn't so sure about the English word for a health insurance card and from a spot deep, deep in my mind, I pulled out the word "Krankenversicherungskarte", which blew his mind, and so did mine, to be honest
Sorry REPUBLIC OF CHINA (true one)
I believe we share it with the Czechs :)
was a good match STOP
That is kindaa an ignorant view
That or Charles's University in Prague
&#x200B;
We do have issues, wspecially the industry being too automobile focused, so there is a single point of failure for the economy
Košice- Its a metropole of east Slovakia
My "american" commentary was unrelated to actually political arguments, i was referring to the "Black or White" way of thinking, where everything is either perfectly good or perfectly wrong
What is he even trying to achieve?
The best ranked one in Slovakia is Univerzita Komenského in Bratislava (UK), then Slovenská technická univerzita (STU), and Technická univerzita in Košice (TUKE)
In the city of Košice over 400 people built barricades in the city to prevent tanks moving through
E.g. I studied abroad one year and I extended my study period by 1 year because of it, the fee was completely forgiven by the university
for example: "jebať" means fuck you can do "ojebať" which can mean fuck with or scam etc
I think that the biggest cause is that fo many decades we celebrated 9th of May as end of the WW2 (commonly accepted date is 8th May, when Nazi Germany surrendered and allies liberated Prague)
Everyone laugh a bit and shrug it off
" well, 9% of all responses is "yugoslavia" - not even close
It fels like a fake city
It maight be a slightly difficult, but still it can be done, we only have to start somewhere.
Mainly when we play against each other ;)
Still a holiday, so if the flirting goes wrong, you will never see them again
>Not much, there are just certain features of surnames coming from the regional dialects which can give you a hint
That's like one of the most stereotypical Slovak tourist habits I have heard about
My grandpa thinks , that everyone in California carries a Swiss Army Knife because of MacGyver
* He/She/It - ďakuje
If I may steer the question a bit, it seems France is currently the only country in the EU, which does not adhere to the "self-defense" naming convention
In 1999 there was the same project with the same title and same number of pages, but somehow it'is missing, and in 2001 there was another one and is also made private
day 7 of international media saying you're protesting against the corona-precautions
Heres to hoping that Juppe wins
We would sound like idiots, yes, but we could do it, if we wanted to
Nope, only derivates borrowed from other languages (lunárny modul, lunochod, lunárny kalendár) not the word luna itself
> Also, probably what I’m most curious about, what were your feelings when emigrating and upon the arrival to the US
Everything fine as long as you stop trying to force poorer Germans, Dutch, Finns, Baltics, Slovakians to pay for richer Italians via the eurozone just cause Italy doesnt want to conduct reforms.
They have to submit it for approval
Rise of FN over decade in popularity has been way too greater than one would hope for.
I don't understand people who want to spend a week there.
I remember that temps over 33 were unusual
The alcohol laws are the reason why I'd never want to live in Sweden
Nevermind the occasional bad batch, it was still cheaper than some bottled water
It's just much more fun
I am getting mine 14th of the next month
Personally, I actually didn’t click with the culture, traditions, people as well as the system
O wow, I didn't even know Slovakia was so beautiful.
A huge number of abortions performed in Slovakia is actually done for Polish women
but yes, it is a game-like,  toy-like program and that can make perfectionists angry
And what are the cost of living
Dora: where is the ocean
Yes thats true
I can imagine only in specific kind of jobs when you work in asylum centre or similar thing?
If you steal and break shit, make a mess, dont work or put your children in school and break the law, you can be purple for all I care
Straw could help, but using ice-cubes instead of crushed ice could help too
"Strom" (tree) = "Stromček" (lil' tree)
) and once it gets into an actual fight it can get pretty nasty
Blood sacrifices for Putins abs, I presume.
No SNP official ever said they want EFTA relationship in independence scenario.
People actually don't like serbia aye
* We - ďakujeme
At least GfK recognizes Crimea as Russian territory.
I think this is a given, there is no avoidance in this.
I want 1060ti
Like 25 is already like mid-July level temperature, at this rate we are gonna melt in a few weeks
- not a single problem
(if someone doenst understand, or if someone is doing something in very different way than what is custom, for no apparent reason)
Currently, rhere is a loud group of very devout Christians in our parliament who would like to restrict or even *ban* abortion (ĽSNS party comes to my mind- they are basically far-right Christian traditionalists who *really* love to flirt with neonazism and use the word 'liberal' as an insult; there is also a Christian wing in OĽaNO which many people somehow overlooked during the parliamentary elections)
Touting them as farmers, villagers etc
Well you are very rare country - with few others that actually is it forbidden by law - so what is your opinion - do you agree with that i asume.
Oh damn
about 1%
I can at least compare it with UK,, Germany or Austria and well I was laughing hard when some friends said on some girl, that she is hot and I was like she would be average in Slovakia/average looking.
But come back to Bratislava
Terrible signage
I've been hearing only good things about  Jacinda Ardern (NZ PM), can some kiwis confirm, or is she a lizard in disguise
Unless you have military power and political will to go in for a war what Serbia would certainly loose, its a done deal.
I think all of europe is interesting and worthy of beeing around Slovakia
I live stateside now and eat salmon once a week (it's way more accessible and affordable), so I have few recipes for it.
Have a big dick
It was about embracing love to your country and to a woman at the same time
Last year Strbske Pleso was so crowded
Glad you had a nice visit tough
Wtf
(left) HMS Lajosz Kossuth
The best schools are at capitals but I dont think thats where all the students are living permanently
Sorry to interrupt, but for example here the public transport in cities works the same way, you can get on the bus by whichever door you want and just sit down or stand and get off whenever you want
Visiting a friend
I like to observe politics of the Union
loud music seem to always feature rap or something "cool"
Also:
[Right to jail]
And that Czechoslovakia was a federation of two sovereign countries, so the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic existed since 1969
In Slovak, you can tell quite a lot with a simple “noo…”
There is a well carved deep into the rock that the castle of Trenčín is built on, allegedly by a Turkish nobleman named Omar, in exchange for the release of his fianceé Fatimah from captivity
TBH Saudis have internal security on level that makes Patriot act look like a joke.
Lol, you speak of obscure Twitter posts and yet as source use newspaper owned by Erdogan family which is widely regarded as AKP Pravda.
But lots of people either don’t know the price and think it’s much higher or don’t want it because it might make them look pompous
Edit: Valaška is a weapon, tool and walking stick used by slovaks and rusyns
so far away
The breakup is a big controversy
Now think about it
"Eufória" can also be considered, but it is foreign
Which is literally just cheese
Whitty hair their necks are whipping
Error in number or coloring
But the Hungarians got the sick church on a hill, I think it's the largest Central Europe church
We'll wait until husband has to renew his residency and then get the new one to the new address
Thank you for your intimate personal concession, u/GIANT_BLEEDING_ANUS.
Germany has a GDP about 6 times the size of Poland and 35 times the size of Slovakia.
Definitely ex-PM Robert Fico
Tousty (that's how you call them in slovak)  are tasty af
So after few months I assume there would be need for just few ships for REAL refugees running from REAL dangers.
That's the definition of patriotism that people always give when they say they're patriots, not nationalists.
They are most likely simple people who barely scrape by and then they see lavish lifestyles of people in big cities and obviously they're jealous
This is [a comprehensive list] of the ways you can use jebať (to fuck) in Slovak.
But yeah, after the pandemic started and my workload increased with online classes, my beer consumption increased disgutingly
sometimes I add "áno" (yes) in the beginning
I mentioned that 90% of the time the response to where I'm from is "ah, czechoslovakia
This does not look very safe from the covid side of things
Afaik, it's just some south-east Asian countries which prohibit them
Taiwan
Conjunctions mostly (mostly probably entirely)
Do paroma s... Vatikánom
1 € : loaf of bread
idk really
And every drink  is basically a cup full of ice with a little bit of drink in it
5% - Sensible right-wing libertarians
It just struggles you how things are different now
That thing hit *real*.
One VICE journalist who spent few weeks in prison because he was covering TSK operations in South-East (ignoring prohibition on reporting) calls him "Erdog".
It's an insult if the UK doesn't get opt outs when a tiny country gets to rule the EU, Germany literally has a monopoly on export within the EU.
Yes west created mess and let them alone (nothing else could have been done in both cases after russian reaction.) Why certain western states thought it is wise to ,, support,, anti russian politicians and do crazy irrational decisions and that Russia won t react is unvelievable.
During cold months 3(sometimes 4) times per week, during summer pretty much every day
What is purchasing power based on
> we were basicaly slaves in "our" empire
I also remember how Róbert Fico said: "You can rest assured that I won't be doing politics in 2014 anymore
TIL
And our opposition (with Progressive Slovakia as the leading party) over yours
People tend to become very pale when they're sick
And that was pretty much the beginning of this legendary project
The more you know
Life in Slovakia vs life in the US
Branstorm: Maybe he is strenghtening such tourism sector in Turkey as tourists will get more lira.
Yeah, it is usually whenever the local equivalent of parliament is not in session
Slovakia passes law to ban Islam
Usuaully what I hear :
BTW I also voted for one of the 5(!) opposition parties
Imagine that, considering how well their intervention to help save Poland (but actually to murder its intelligentsia and carve it up) went a year later
Why let the dirty peasants choose when God himself appointed the monarch?
Croatia is viewed as bros after that whole jelacic thing died down
So I just believe women like it warmer and work better when they are now to shivering from the cold
Pretty much everything already mentioned, nothing special.
I do enjoy the border bluriness though
Do you have some information/survey/statistic how many ethnic Estonians would be able to communicate in Russian?
No, he invented the internet, and we disgusting creatures elsewhere misused it for anti-Chinese propaganda
Oh, and about the Czechs that come to die in our mountains :D
They didn't even put the biggest cave system there, with all year permafrost spanning several KMs underground
>Te tetted e tettetett tettet, te tettetett tettek tettese, te
I think we say it could be chinese
There is no zero point where we can officially say "This is exact neutral".
Our adjusted GDP growth for 2016 was in the neighbour of 2.9-3%, the tentative forecast for 2017 is around 3.3%, already showing signs of slowdown.
But we have to be smart about it and not vilify Serbia into that position.
In Slovak the adjective form for proper name vs occupation is different, I'm not sure about the declension of the genitive form.
Opiskelen suomea, siksi
He says a lot of things, but most of them are not taken seriously here in the east of EU
Also, if he is not pro-EU and pro-NATO, how come Montenegro joined NATO recently
We may speak different languages, believe in different gods, but we have been mixed with each others and aliens for thousands of years now.
Honestly, many of my friends tell me that I sound American, I don't know if that's true , because you hear yourself differently
are we being put up for adoption, mom
Well tap water is free so they caught you on that
Better yet, a woman whos fetus suffered from internal bleeding and would not only sustain itself, it would killed the mother if not for an abortion.
Then there are other chosen words which are not included in chosen words, because they are not chosen, but somehow are written different in different meaning (psi/psy for example
Yeah what can you do
thought Japan would be
Slovak: To slnko (it - middle gender) Ten Mesiac (he - male gender)
I love milk
He doesn't need power, he already has MiG-29.
I have to have everything in original for some reason
over higher mountains, over even straights,
The city of Odessa, Ukraine, has a vast and fascinating network of catacombs as well
Or you can get it delivered for slightly more money
One would expect that there would be some vocabulary exchange between Magyar tribes and the native Slavs.
I think I finally found my word
Also holidays season and comfort food and cakes
Not really, they are not paid by government are they
So, it's not as bad, in my opinion
They already debt trapped some balkan countries and got a major influence in several EU countries
Although the stats don't show it, Bosnia is filled with people who have some weaponry buried in their backyard.
Brexit referendum was gonna be a tight one and anyone with memory 6+ months must remember that.
After WWII and during communism, it dropped significantly.
I may be a whore but I carry no hard feelings for Slovakia!
Some example can be seen here
TBH, I think its all about will to committ.
Or maybe the jokes about the Bratislava elite/café intellectuals
Not far to Zion, red rock Canyon and tge Grand canyon
It was controversial because of the label many politicians have been mentioning him as "King of Old Slovaks", which is a historical fabrication.
Again , filling depends on region
Even during the 90s and early 2000s the Ladas had a reputation of being easy to repair and maintain, which was a godsend to poorer families
Visa/Mastercard/whatever
I wouldn't brag about that one so much, as it was the UK that talked France down from intervening while Germany was still weak, it was UK that pushed for accepting the Munich agreement just to please Germany and it was UK that persuaded Poland to not mobilize in hopes that the war can still be avoided.
Novorossiya was never about just Donetsk and Luhansk, but around whole SE of Ukraine, from Kharkiv to Odessa.
In Slovakia we have pokokot and it means from here to that cunt over there
Was planning to do France, Portugal and Spain in one go but that fell through a few years ago.
Mám na háku  - lit
Even Putin has amassed inconceivable wealth that he couldn't have earned neither as a KGB agent nor as a politician or by any activity at all.
Basically nuns and priests in my country were disbanned and some priests send to prison and nuns sent to working brigades.
They deserve better than to be compared to alt-right.
The message was clear from the very beginning, you gonna have to care about your own ass without US support and money.
I don't think I need to say, how much against it I am.
Not only because it is wrong itself, but many people in slovakia know how to fight or carry some sort of weapon with them (tear gas, boxer, baton, knife
I remember when I was 10 I was in London for a week and I saw a black guy
It's from Slovakia; transported by Belgian company named LVD.
Or what is the point of your post ?
PPPiter is actually pretty good
You do realize its the US ambassador, not the one from Saudi Arabia
At the end of the day, however, if Serbia is to join EU whilest sanctions are still in effect it will either have to implement them too, or not join.
each in shiny armor, champs of different lands
Why is this straight up stupid
What are Italian vessels doing just off the coast of Libya?
Corruption is everywhere dude...
Second would be Košice, then Prešov
Any weird name changes
Plus I am soo terrified about this healthcare issue
but this is not the state's business, the seperation of church and state prevents the church doing the state's business, but it is also supposed to work the other way around.
That's because of the most famous import from Slovakia - Babiš now controls the Czech food market.
I don't know if he knew there were three of them.
Executive 2: Denmark has a prince
They do
Well, the dialects change from village to village or town to town, but they are similiar in west, east and mid
It's a shame that you thrown out many of your own words and use Latin based words instead
8% misc anti-centralization, usually center-right, politicians
3% for Russia
The 'against' camp was very specifically aiming for an anti-EU protest vote, and the 'for' camp was awkwardly split between actually voting and deliberately not voting to keep it beneath 30% (which is what I did for instance).
Not all EU members recognize Kosovo.
I first encountered pumpkin oil in one single restaurant in Slovakia, and was instantly smitten.
Wtf I’m not slow
GJ neighbors, wish our nations relationships will improve as well as your liberal views
Meanwhile Slovakia is gobbling up all the money from that evil Scandinavia and UK like a whore.
Biology teachers in schools
I am officialy sorry for Babiš, guys
Refusal to allow OSCE observers to patrol sep-Russian border.
(Though I know it isn't really half moon :)
In the spirit of unrelated question I shall continue my pestering with "would you preffer cactus or bonzai as your garden flora of choice?"
Yeah, I did not say the hills represent actually mountain ranges of Tatra, Fatra and Matra, but they are hills nonetheless, hence they to represent some concept of a mountainous region, which during the Kingdom of Hungary was predominantly today's Slovakia.
", not something like "Which country's history do you have the most positive relations with
We have Zvolen which could (my speculation) be translated to Evering or Bánska Bystrica could be roughly translated to "A clear stream near a mine"? Really depends
Well technically Slovak people had their own country between [1939 and 1945] although we are not really proud of it.
Sadly, he kind of means it and I can't say I have ever witnessed anyone get indignant over that
Slovakia, btw
It was discovered during mining operations, I used to play as a kid there
(I) We think it lacks red
Polish is also kinda understandable if spoken slowly(haha) or written, and maybe Bulgarian, but for example russian is way too different for me, I legit wouldn't catch anything at all unless the person really went out of their way to be clear and slow D;
Also a lot of them translate word-to-word, which can result in really bizarre translations (especially when it comes idioms or proverbs)
Prices are after tax
Maybe go visit some other landmarks like Říp or Ještěd.
Is drinking tap water normal it your country
What a weird way to celebrate my birthday
Haha, no one outside ever makes a nice accurate film about Slovakia
The Slavic nations who surround us are all right for us...
You conveniently left out your beyond ridiculous number pronunciation system
and I'm disappointed you don't wanna merge with us
Thank you Czechia  for being a big brother to us, and also for your delicious beer (best in the world)
It really is
It's Czech
Centre wings mostly with a dash of hard liberals, but the right has absolutely 0 MEPs from Slovakia.
Fun fact: We also have literal nazis sitting in our parliament
" Would it be too weird
You could not get a cider, everyone drank crappy beer, there was very little European chocolate, everything was very 1980s even in late 2000s. This has changes, majorly
You are hereby promoted as a first lieutenant in our holy cat war
Throughout our history, quite often, especially while being under Hungary or Austria-Hungary
Bratislava is leagues ahead of the rest of the country.
Plus it’s really nice, my personal favourite
Slovaks and Hungarians challenged the vote on the relocation at the European Court, which is well within their legal rights.
They still have the old Tatra trams in Pyongyang, you know
Ľudovít Štúr - the codifier of the current Slovak language, a politician, with his group they have done numerous of things to help the folk like teaching, lending money to people in need or running anti-alcoholism groups
I looked at this post and I've been shaking since
Uhorsko doesn't mean Hungary in Slovak but the whole area of that part
And our opposition (with Progressive Slovakia as the leading party) over yours
As a german-speaking Slovak, I find them quite likeable
Many of you probably cant relate, but i thought that "Černá Hora" beer is from Montenegro, because montenegro is literally being called "Čierna Hora" in slovak
Well yeah, this is the one thing I was refering to in one sentence I said not the whole argument, the rest I dont care enough to research
No, it was even better for Hollande.
And when we get space ships we'll conquer the innocent lands in galaxy and make all them (illegal) aliens work for us!
Tons of free "refrigerated" food
Thank you and kind of surprised you know it plus Slovakia industrialized during communism at least we did something Italy didn't manage to do.
Shall I say that we are at same wagon then
I'm not a linguist so someone may give a more scientific view on this
Especially after he lost presidential elections to guy that never was in politics who is now blocking him at every turn.
When I was kid he also got us Christmas tree, which to this day I'm not sure how "he" pulled that one off
Wait what, tell me more about this
I thought the monarch had virtually no power in the UK.
Ie it generates much more money than Raqqa.
can someone elaborate on the huge difference between Czechs and Slovakians ?
I ask the same thing whenever people post Turkey here, at least in Norilsk majority of citizens are European, Turks have nothing to do with Europe except for tiny stolen land
Did you mean "opt-out" in all the places you used "opt-in?"
Well, that is part of deal, innit
Or 3rd, 4th after German, Russian?
Stingy as dutch
Not after this
Why isn't this day a holiday in Slovakia
You'll come back crawling *yet*!
They still believe they are fighting against fascists all around the globe ^sarcasm^but ^^not ^^really
I wake up and realize it was just a dream
And, unsurprisingly, its used same way in Slovakia
But that doesn't mean obligations are only for current members.
The thing is it’s not only the bank which can charge a fee but also the ATM
And poles were masacred, occupied and lost control.
Just 48 degrees, but we usually deal with it by turning on light
Enter the mob/politics - “make” some money - bribe someone - build/buy a hotel in High Tatras - enjoy
Best example is your PM
Is involved in some shady shit in his personal life, but vows to get his shit together lately
Expect lots of rules and even more exceptions.
Beer is cheap in general, so no one cares
I'm sad nobody wrote them out
>Even 50% is more than half a million Hungarian speakers
and proudly talk to him, to the distant wanderer:
Them being on mercy of foreign powers
Šiška
But I believe young people, especially the ones i meet on EU exchanges are beyond this and can converse as masters
[This glorious filth]
It’s called zavináč which translates into English as a rollmops
Scot takes out the fly and yells at it "spit it out, SPIT IT OUT
And we put one of the corrupted judges in the jail
&#x200B;
[I guess this one
In Slovakia on Ester man spill water on girls,  and chase and spank them with sticks
He was only viable candidate that opposed Yanuk.
I don’t see why any of the EU27 would be against Scotland joining the EU
Living in rented apartment with his gf, but still managed to get around on cheap budget.
I dont understand who are those people, who are in favour of communism as being a real alternative
This is the way
You could try EskaRock or RMX (or was it RMF XX) if it's available in the area.
There was just a short lesson explaining the dialects and the differences between them
Not yet
Curiously, taxonomy is the only part of Czech and Slovak vocabulary, where adjectives come after nouns, as it is habitual in Polish
Three cities would be great: **Vienna - Bratislava - Budapest**. Each city has different vibe, they are all connected also via Danube river, surrounded by fields, hills, forests, vineyards
Not quite the experience, but I was listening to a radio one evening with my father in his car on our way home when I was 16 and the radio station started playing the song 'Rape Me' by Nirvana
There exist neighboring villages with their own distinct dialects.
But as I said this changed post-1848
The only thing I can imagine that the ministry could do more is some sports marketing
Cause the true, given by Gods to the Slavs is,
Same here
I moved abroad at the age of 18 and have not lived in Slovakia for 12 years now, own property in the US where I live with my husband
(And it is a quite interesting concept, it wouldn't work probably, but could fun for a few years
I never paid a dime to google for using google maps.
Well I can’t decide if it’s desert or proper meal, probably the latter, but I love [perky]
Despite being small country, we are divided into many dialect groups
Dunno
Break a mirror = bad luck
I see no problem, everything is true
That surely would help repaying a bulk of the national debt or, alternatively, boost the economy by starting an insane amount of government funded projects like new roads, hospitals, schools and such.
>The  bit that you do not get is that those intellectuals do not rely on  Right-wing propaganda to form their understanding of USSR or communism
Showing how "European" you are is cringey
Not gonna forget it if you had to fact-check it
So when we were buying furniture in poland adn they tell you "blah blah blah vyšukajte si blah bla " I N S I D E   L A U G H I N G because for me it means that i should suck my own dick
The fact that you remember and resent the act is very nice of u.
/r/russia had its days that even outdid The Donald back in 2014, though.
It was Czechoslovakia and before that Austrian Hungarian empire and before that Samo land
Hence I don't understand why Slovakia is a new country while Czech Republic is not.
pssst
So if Trump will achieve this, I will applaud him.
THe trees don't even move so bad, but all the people fell down
Because Hitler said so
Fairly ubiquitous, even in rural areas
Seems like a pretty retarded unit tbh, but that's not your fault.
Funny thing is how most religious nations have no bad on Sunday shopping while least religious have it.
> Remember /r/fatpeoplehate
Is the debate archived
We don’t have many cities but a lot of people in the capital and in a couple few bigger cities often think of people living in villages as simple, stupid or conservative
I had someone break into my (forgotten) Origin account and buy a shitton of FIFA microtransactions, I managed to get them all refunded
Young generation likes Usa, because of your culture, media, music, brands and so on.
Most of their supporters care about voting much more than supporters of other parties / candidates.
When I visited with a cruise ship of 4,000 people and we all took the commuter trains to Stockholm, people seemed rather confused about our presence and why the train was packed on a Saturday morning
A direct comparison to a country like Spain is perhaps more illuminating.
Russian seems to have more exceptions as well
yeah except they've tested 1375 people
We also have [bryndzové halušky] , which are sort of dumplings, but more like gnocchi - heavy on potatoes, that are soaked in bryndza cheese
A very limited ability, if I might say.
How is this not unconstitutional, does the Slovakian constitution not guarantee religious equality?
Basically the only reason our current government has been elected is because they weren't SMER or ĽSNS
"Tomáš" = "Tomáško"
If brexit taught us anything, that's a rock-solid majority, stable enough to be the cornerstone of basically everything in the future
Sequel to Cossacks came this year dude !!
"People used to be stupid" is a really great way of dismissing centuries of ethnic oppression.
Absolutely
Not anymore when thousands of soldiers died to ensure it wont happen.
Si veľmi krásna/ý moja/môj drahá/ý (second words are for masculine)
we could eventually do a culture exchange with non-European countries, too
In reality, the largest happened to be Ingolstadt, but I don't find it significant enough to stop there
And Serbia and Montenegro are currently fast-tracking negotiations with 2020 goal in eyes (I say chances are 50/50).
Dying of salmonela
So what do you mean that he has fallen
If covid19 has taught us something, its that those stereotypes are true
Shoot out to Romanians, I have met some
You will love /r/ShitAmericansSay
Slovakia - Central Europe
Between the cities and in villages you usually pay in cash or use a top up card specific to the bus company of your choice
Especially Americans tend to butcher our language in ways we have absolutely zero idea what they’re saying
Oh lord, no more shootings in Austria, please
They have got better salaries and prices, and better quality of products sold
Yes, Horny Bar
This is something that was impossible to achieve for decade of US army occupation.
Slovakia is notoriously known for it’s beautiful nature and history (castles, ruins, mountains)
Creating enviroment for pan-continental operators.
With Czech it's like 97% inteligible
But from the other side whenever I vacation in southern Europe (Spain, Italy, Croatia, Bulgaria) and try to speak their languages people seem to be genuinely happy
Workforce to make welfare when childless white people will be old.
Czechia no doubt
Exactly, and this is called out every time we have this discussion
>Vienna: Dunaj
Yeah, success, this is how it looks like
I have seen those in Slovakia, in "commieblock" apartments
After seeing this, I was like, yep they better go back to Finland
You will love /r/ShitAmericansSay
Everything is French if you want it to be
Also I won't eat anything else from chicken besides breasts
Never take a taxi that parks at the station, they almost always overcharge you by a huge margin, get a number and call one, they are much cheaper
Ohh the Soviet Union offered to deliver a million men into Poland and people weren't interested
Calm down
You also can't camp in forests (Forest Act, 326/2005 Z.z.).
Of course it's absolutely important to take these factors into account, because transferring the problem doesn't solve the problem.
Augmented by uncontrolled paramilitaries that went haywire just as they did in Bosnia and RS.
it is pronounced like kla -as clarity
As such, we finally deserve to be admitted into the intergalactic federation of planets and are awarded devices of FTL travel and half-life 3
You literally don’t give a shit about Christmas
They also want to sell you more expensive drinks
No thx, we've got plenty of shitty politicians already
Nitra, it's pretty large (for Slovak standards), and was the capital of the first Slavic state in modern-day Slovakia, the Principality of Nitra
[Imrich Karvaš] the governor of the central bank of the short-lived Slovak state during WWII
It is legal under Belgian law and all the huffs and puffs wont change that.
dobrý = good singular
no ani som si neuvedomil že no ma toľko významov lol
Wait what this isn't normal elsewhere
We will make our own party with with
In about 4 years, we also plan to shut down the largest coal-fired power plant in the country
Both are pronounced more or less equally, but there are different rules for when to use which one, and then there is a list of words that are an exception to those rules etc
So the east around Spis
Oh wait ...
~~ ~~nurse
Phased out currently because no one gave a shit and no one wanted it
If there is someone on 20-30 and doesnt understand english at all, it is strange, at least as far as i know
If not counting Italy that s generally the case, majority from Kosovo, than from Macedonia and lastly Albania.
Czech
Because the party that currently governs Poland has been in opposition during him premiership.
I’m Slovak, so no issues there
Luckily for everyone, that isn't how the legal system works worldwide.
Or Mafia 1/2, but those are Czech made, of course, so it makes sense
It seems Slovaks would be in charge this time though, considering Babiš and all that jazz
I was talking about corruption as whole and gave example of 2 countries.
I've only ever heard of US Marines, but it seems that a lot of countries have [Marines]
In Slovak, we call them Zbojníci, which is in Slovak language basically word for bandits
Both as the reality of society itself (like people are not going to willingly share their means of production with the ones working less) and also the ACTUAL history of this movement
But to be fair, I love Czech translation of Lort but with Harry Potter was I was alway torn, because Bradavice didn't go well with me
A local fascist who made it into parliament earlier last year.
Freaking love that film
meaning you will have to pay the full price for implants and such
Unfortunately I am a coffee addict, so
In Slovak, the Sun - to Slnko (neutral), the Moon - ten Mesiac (masculine) and the Earth is - tá Zem (feminine)
What did you like about Slovakia?
> How are you finding its social side
But we also have many from our past with the Austrians and Hungarians (Maria Theresa and Joseph II
Yeah well, Austria has always been the big brother, Slovakia is sadly pulling away, but at least we are still ahead of Romania!
In Slovak it's the misuse of "y" vs "i" in words and conjugation
Just to reiterate how awesome and influential Skansen museum is, the Slovak word for any open-air museum is "Skanzen".
Most of the nobility in Slovakia was of a Slavic/Slovak origin
I almost forgot it is the “šišky” time of the year already
But unfortunately it felt like people automatically assumed we are super rich or something and often treated us as a cashcow
I don't really agree with that line of reasoning though and that's what I meant by if you squint hard enough.
I am totally playing it to my kid one day
why is your country Prague
The solution was to permit only certain owners to park there (surprise surpsire, those were people with large expensive cars
” basically “hidden or not, I’m coming
Well, if you go by haplotype, the highest concentrations of Slavic DNA are in [this region] covering almost all of Poland and Moravia, Slovakia, and far-southeast Belarus...
it would be a pretty decent figure if it wasn't for the huge disparities (boom in Slovakia/Slovenia vs Italy staying at 1%)
Instead, baby Jesus does, whom you can imagine where he lives
For example, one of the largest and most important hospitals in the capital city doesn't have a single parking spot, or garage, or any type of parking around it
So the protests did actually have an effect
I don't mind them being on holidays but can they act a little bit better or something
I don't know how it will go in Slovakia in that case with its nationalism.
It's called House Attack and it was created by some Austrian artist
"tsch" seems hell of a lot more complicated as "Č", this is basically the gist of it.
Military invasion while all superpowers look like stupid idiots is not sign of weakness.
And yep we do get freaked by your servers
And what the hell is up with all those sellers and homeless people on the sidewalks
They are sharing their house with 26 other roommates and you wonder why they won't allow them to open their doors and welcome with an open arms a person that is insulting and backslashing them all the time.
Germany for being a political role model (though you're fucking it up with AfD lately)
We did in my school but not many schools have them
Just look at the constitution you mentioned
r/unexpectedcommunism
This
Since I understand Czech I was able to find some very cheap places to eat at and visit, but other than that it wasn't pretty
>Jel si razumeo foru
As I expected, half of the posts are that Slovenia is not Slovakia, so to cheer you up, I know a little bit more about you.
TBH I always suspect Hungary behind that all confusion.
We have been in one country for 67 years, yet there were quite differences between the two parts.
My most favourite travel experience ever is when we were with a guy from Apulia and he ranted, definitely ranted when he saw a cucumber on a pizza in Bulgaria
He defends himself by saying that his mum was born in Moravia
we have "čuchať fialky odspodu", to smell violets from underneath
i'm not sure how it is now, or even how it was in a bigger cities back then, but this was quite a trip (
Depends on the person
And your agreement is the argument of "because I love him
I usually spend the time playing board games with my cousins tho bc I don’t feel like I quite fit in with the grown ups yet (thank god most of my cousins are my age)
Austria
> Remember /r/fatpeoplehate
I freaking love discussing WW2 with Germans, they are extremely self aware and knowledgeable on the subject
Those who go out - aka I met lots of teachers on traineeships in UK and France and they were amazing social and funny people.
In my village we can use the bus and the train to go to the closest town, which is also connected directly to the capital by bus and train
If the number is unknown, you can add your surname as well
With Afroamericans i think people see them as Americans 1ST.
I also feel that Kurwa is more used in Poland as opposed to Slovakia
Hungarians just won't let go of the past no matter what
Thats how you find specialists.
I met so many amazing women in kenya who were doing a lot for the community, so it was nice to see in American tv
We had no colonies are not giving asylum left right.
Popovici proposal was mutli-national federal state per demography of empire where all nationalities would have equal standing.
I suffer greatly during winter, i really hate that
And I say this as a half-hungarian with some very proud Hungarians in my family
East-West division is still present in political debates in the EU parliament.
Unfortunately, considering its old town was almost completely destroyed by the communist do
It's like Irish and English, but far more different) and incredibly catchy song
Czech and Slovak crowns in 1993 started 1:1, but soon Sk was devalued to 1,1 SKK to CZK
There are no contracts in quite a few states - my employer can fire me today for almost no reason
Feeling pride about them is moronic.
And then I go back to that bar cause it’s too early to call it a night
Whoops, sometimes it’s hard to decipher
Would you pay your monthly earnings for a phone
Džoin as et r/juropijanspeling
and actually now I'm also not sure about instrumental.
Don't know so much about that, but I have heard that, depite uninterrupted growth for decades, and acknowledging that Poland took the hard road in the 90s, it is resistant to tackling bureaucratism.
Irishman takes the fly out and continues drinking
There really isn't an option for that in English
Not about breweries
Isnt France projecting some warships in that area of operations precisely to counter Erdogan
It's meant to discredit anyone who is opposing them (they must be paid to disagree with me).
To his memorial, we built a "bank of love" in the most picturesque town in Slovakia, Banska Stiavnica, where couples come to celebrate their love
That seems pretty democratic - countries that have Euro like it, countries that do not have Euro, do not like it
I have seen public toilets in usa
1945 - 1948 - second Czechoslovakia (still had free elections)
Hungarians think back to Austria-Hungary as glory days.
I’m sorry if this is a stupid question, but is Trump going to be the only republican candidate
It's not that cool as it could be but basically many years ago, when Google Translate started to be a thing, we were bored at school, made fun of random phrases and this one stayed in my memory
I would also like to thank you for sharing your perspective, and wish you best of luck
- That I occasionally mistake it with Slovakia
yes I do, three of them each time, a friend of mine call it "the holy trinity"
Every time I see "Vyrobené na Slovensku" it confuses me.
Estonia can't compete with Greece here.
I wonder how Portugal would have looked like, had it been a part of the eastern bloc
Well that's also the thing
They are very much bothered with western sanctions.
Oh common, once there are no EU finds for eastern European countries the EU will fall down like a domino
UKIP was financed by them undirectly, lots of eurosceptic groups here have ties to Kremlin as well
Not with that attitude, you tea-with-milk-drinking, baby-jesus-not-christmas-gifting wrong-side-of-the-road-driving treacherous bad teeth drunk tourist.
* list (letter or leaf)
Russia, latin america - worse
well, you usually get a message on your phone and that makes you notice :D
If people from the other countries knew we exists, it would probably be a higher number
So IDK, its subjective I guess.
TBH no, but seeing this, I remembered I dreamed today about playing with Lego again and I wonder if Lego catalogues are still published
Cries in Bratislava
Then there were Romanians, who were also very specific in their stance towards Soviets and Poland which was always famous for their "love" towards Soviets.
But then London that's another other thing
Is every Czech this brainwashed by Klaus and company ?
I only get offended when I correct them but they keep saying dumb shit
Being so blunt and spewing shit left and right will simply make everyone in EU to ignore him, achieving nothing.
It looks weird AF, since every single ASOIAF name is too 'foreign-sounding' for it not to look weird
And they have a few movies now
It did not disappoint, looks great on visualisations and in person, although the photos I could find didn't do it much favor
Only migrants with granted asylum will be transported to EU.
What is this supposed to mean
Looking at the map, I would probably love southern Sweden, possibly Gothenburg or Malmo - but I've never been to these places, so there might be things that would put me off that I don't know off
Here in western Slovakia, the summer of 2019 was pretty bad, well, yesterday I saw 27 degrees when I checked the temperature
In Slovak it means "to fuck" in Polish it means "to search".
Unfortunately, religion is still big in rural areas and some politicians are elected only because their voters are super religious - thats why they push this agenda everywhere
Nah, you know, just chillin'...
All the information in the world is useless unless you can act on it but they can't do anything until potential wrongdoers become actual wrongdoers, hence why police knows so quickly the identity and the whereabouts of perpetrators after they commit such an act.
2004 was 17 years ago
I worded it wrong
To converted fascist-party members, but hey, its not like there was much for pickings
It only happened to me in London
" Some people will fly trough the small roads" ...  "at 60 km/h" heh I mean yeah thats pretty flying trough, if you are looking at it from the train going the same speed and opposite direction
Oh my god this is amazing
I would be surprised if anyone bar Greece and Cyprus calls them differently.
Anthems are my guilty pleasure and I also like to learn different languages so that is why I know quite a lot of them
Help, please
Its neither ethical, nor fair play.
Americans - it also depends, USA is huge and there are differences.
Belgium has it, and whether you like or not someone flying PKK / Ocalan flag, it makes no difference.
Hungary
The millennials and Gen Xers are not beholden to the corporate world the way Americans used to be, and that's rather nice
I still remember Schulz frothing anger that a Slovak like Richard Sulik, with his 'mere' 300k Slovakian votes gained in a genuine election (compared to Schulz pride at his own 754 MEP votes from running unopposed in a fake one), would dare to cite the EU rules and vote against taking on Greek loans.
And its not just everyone outside financial industry, its also everyone inside
As a guy living relatively close to the borders (\~10 kilometers) of Czechia and Slovakia, I sometimes cross the border on my bike without even realizing
Henceforth, I shall call my toiler a "serník".
The main focus for you should be to regulate prices first tho since even prices for medicine or equipment are several times higher than those in Europe
[The one with the famous hot cocoa?]
For instance, staying in Ukraine was "the safe choice" as nothing would change, but joining Russia was a huge gamble with a lot of uncertainties and many of them are yet to be solved.
There are some ATMs which check for the card’s origin country and request a fee if the card’s not local
Pronnouciation, writing down stuff based on listening, you almost never need to spell anything.
When I went to Paris I’ve tried speaking French couple of times, people understood me and replied in french and I couldn’t understood a word they were saying
The wall is not a domestic policy either, so that is not authoritarianism, too.
Unfortunately, I am not proud about my Slovak Nationality
The only media industry I care about dearly, the videogame industry, is essentially non-existent.
Many people live alone now and it's very useful for everyone to learn how to cook, sew, learn basic plumbing and around the house work
Just not good either
Because for the policeman to actually accept the bribe you would have to go to a few hundreds of euros and im pretty sure there isnt a small offense that fines for hundreds of euros.
Teaching young boys to ceremoniously whip women and splash water at them every easter
A silence and a mute is not the same and things like that
Much appreciated to hear, from a Slovak :)
The acoustic version of My Kantele is phenomenal though
Why is it that the Hungarian-speaking part of Slovakia isn't part of Hungary?
Oh wow
Mafia won't die out just because some part of their business is gone
Having said that, yeah, guns are fun :)
We understand each other, so there is no reason to speak a language you can't speak
Edit: they are not, apparently it's some shared caves with hungary
Maybe they have gotten a mixed signals once they found out that in the EU you can export waste masked as "food" into the Eastern part of the EU.
you were clearly the better team STOP
So yes, while young people have usually low turrnout, voters of far-right candidates usually go out to vote.
Nesca - short for Nescafe meaning any instant
Unless of course you were totally disconnected from the grid - but that's not true for absolute majority of people
looks like my grower when i spot my crush
Dynamo, Photographic objective, helicopter, damn I'm surprised how many cool stuff was invented by people of Slovak origin
(I assume that dingus tweeted something stupid again)
Both are pronounced more or less equally, but there are different rules for when to use which one, and then there is a list of words that are an exception to those rules etc
Everyone here says how easy it is to use the ''Us vs Them" attitude to rule over people and create enemies where they really aren't, yet they do it themselves all the time.
I don't know if we have something similar with any Slovak writer, maybe Andrej Sládkovič, author of the longest love poem in the world, and his museum and the unique Love Bank in Banská Štiavnica
Still waiting for the mexican wall fiesta clariffication though.
What is this supposed to mean
But wi-fi and food are pretty good
you need a very strong anti-dandruff shampoo for oily hair
Most countries are not united in their values and traditions
Actually, Masaryk's father was Slovak, his mother was Czech
It is not official channel
imo the only overpopulated region in Europe is Germany, hence several Drang nach Ostens lmao
For my hometown either the ottoman occupation (it was originally an anti-Ottoman fortress, withstood 6 sieges, but ultimately it fell) or the bombardment during WW2 (most bombarded town in Slovakia because of important railroad, more than half of houses were destroyed)
What I have been told - Czech, Polish and German know and like some of it.
Biosphere
So the way I read it: Pissing is only allowed if live streamed to youtube
History, yes, but that is because you were conquered, not culture, that is not what I've experienced when I was in Vienna and later Split.
They really annoy me too
It shows that our people are eager to fight together
And since this isnt in morning, you cannot make up excuses like he ninjaed to our house during the night.
What are Australians doing in Europe?
"Mail" in spoken language may be used more than "e-mail", but still, we don't say "gmail", just when we really mean Gmail
Český a Slovenský jazyk su vzájomne rozumiteľné
When you say something and don't want to jinx it, you should knock on something wooden asap
Fascinating that you, georgia and greece are so close together, yet have completely unique writing systems
And they cause no trouble even though they are not fully integrated into society
But there are still people doing Erasmus just across borders in Vienna, Krakow or Ostrava
After how EE were treated in the EU they will almost certainly be of the same atitude.
Also, I've never said anything about being fluent or perfect in Czech but I am certain that if we consider the overall level of literacy, Czech is the 2nd  most known/spoken language in Slovakia
Its because of the flag, I bet.
and the mystery is solved
Blue eyes swiftly roundly swiping
I love the Swarm
Interesting "tato" means father in Slovak
>And almost all of us call a hairdryer "Fön"
Russia or Hungary
I have been told "Serbo" is a homophone with the word for stash
In books about Czechia and Slovakia after their split, in Portuguese versions they write it Chéquia; plus some other novels I noticed along the way as well that happen to include Czechia in it.
He even had an portable bidet
They are connected mostly to Austrian Hungarian empire, then to our ehm fight with Austrian Hungarian empire, you know the place we spend hundreds of years with
**Opposition**
In Czech is it Nizozemsko- which is equivalent to Netherlands.
But heey he wants to come to Europe too, so we are kinf of leaning to half half
We are famous !!
Is this Slovakia
Usually whatever’s nearby, but preferrably Kebab in a wrap (Dürüm/Yufka/...)
Small V4 countries simply said no and EU couldn't do anything about it while there weren't any repercussions for the V4.
The solution was to permit only certain owners to park there (surprise surpsire, those were people with large expensive cars
You did notice those mountains between Poland and Czechia- we have higher between us and Slovakia.
The best road for some sportscar to legaly get all your dreams come true and much more
Why do they use the wrong flags
Well, you are spreading yourself to thin to my tastes, but not by too much.
We also cant use some english words in slovak
But yeah, after the pandemic started and my workload increased with online classes, my beer consumption increased disgutingly
Slovakia got no more traffic that NZ
For some reason we learn very little about the Spanish Civil War and the subsequent Franco regime in our high schools
That's what they were labeling him anyway, and it was meant as an insult
You get a wardrobe, a night stand and a bed
It's a staple of both Hungarian and Slovak christmas
Exactly what /u/9A4172 describes he did.
Difference between czech and slovak tourist is that czech may have 1000e in his wallet, but acts as if he has 100.
Since I understand Czech I was able to find some very cheap places to eat at and visit, but other than that it wasn't pretty
Kutná Hora was a very close second until the 16th century
Because the UK has to update existing installation whilst Romania is building new technology right away.
Only massive ammounts of Asian tourists, but since they are asians and not so tall i had no problems :D
I personally do not understand it as a derogative term (I am from Slovakia) because there are big differences between new and old members.
No, Felvidek (Upper Country)
If would be nice to host if the Olympic Committee allowed multiple countries to host together, like it sometimes happens with the Euro cup.
In the capital city of Bratislava – dont talk shit about the city
A small mistake : Trzaskowski won in the Masovian Voivodeship
Could something like that happen in parliamentary elections?
And I really like Max or Félix
Volkswagen, Škoda, Porsche, Kia, Jaguar, Land Rover, Peugeot, Citroen, all of those brands have some models being built here
Daaamn, I once want to go to a karaoke where people will be willing to listen to me sing Kraftwerk
- the national rail operators (ZSSK, CD, MAV, PKP, DB, OBB, ...) work together and re-sell each other’s tickets but the commercial ones do not
However, the key turn-point was imho mid-19th century when very aggressive forced [magyarization] started
I had someone break into my (forgotten) Origin account and buy a shitton of FIFA microtransactions, I managed to get them all refunded
I hate overpopulated places, so definitely not the low countries
So you can not really compare them
Yes, of course, it's just that Partizánske has outgrown the original "Bata town" significantly, so I picked Svit
That guy that is neither popular, nor unpopular
Also during Spring there are other fests as [Fašiangy] for instance where are people dresing in various costumes and other fun stuff
Englishman disgustedly turns away the glass
Hi, called John
I'm in love
meaning you will have to pay the full price for implants and such
I definitely saw more boobs 10-15 years ago, although that's probably because I was in my early 20s, while now I am just married
No idea, but I personally value freedom Android system gives me
Full name used to be *Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya*, winning contest of most retarded name of state of all times.
Even during socialism, religion was not banned.
Or the lack of a mask, anything with substance
"Die Hard" is translated as "Smrtonosná pasca" which means "deadly trap".
Then I realized the card reader thing is only next to the driver
WHat does this even mean
He said that after prison, they'll be kicked.
I feel like even in 200 years some people will still be like "Slovakia, oh you mean Czechoslovakia
Can You do a Slovak version too please
Greece: 1951
Thanks, Papa Franku
Some things American women seemed to be ok with that would just not fly over here)
Why are you so soviet-phobic
Then we joined EU and now we are better than ever
Even today I would say it is not "essential", since people found ways to be happy during communism and maybe even in some dictatorships.
love from slovakia our Slavic brothers, hopefully entire europe will soon prosper together
and i do believe accessible healthcare is a human right
You are hereby promoted as a first lieutenant in our holy cat war
Is this what you call swine fever
My favorite place is the [riverpark] of the Eurovea mall in the centre
I dont even know if you are serious or just kidding me.
Why is it changing
And when somebody thinks Slovakia is same as Slovenia
I have skied in Slovakia and can recommend it, although it is a bit overpriced.
"pere sa ako žid do neba" - his pushing himself like a jew to heaven (when someone is trying to put himself to a spot, like get to the train trough a crowd but also like get a position in company etc
Yes it is an island, i get that, but look at their history and then at the history of Slovakia
Good
Language didn't change much also due to Great Moravia.
They along with Poland and Slovakia had ["Kosovo is Serbia" protests] though.
Far eastern Slovaks, from Zemplín, never could understand them
Are you assuming New Frenchmen (and women of course) aren't from France
I do like some American expressions more (like chips instead of crisps) but I want and need to be consistent as a future translator
I looked at the top and bottom first (CZ and PL) and I was curious about Slovakia graph but it seems like it’s not part of Europe anymore
We're just going dark mode
I think there’s strength in numbers and that cultures aren’t associated with language or country
Unfortunatelly some names that were changed recently , like Partizánske (partisans town) or Slovenské Nové Mesto "slovak new city" that is a village
AFAIK the stance on privacy in Slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location, then it is not protected by privacy law.
One Czech journalist tried what would happen with water in -15 degrees C.
Hungarians and Romanians are natural enemies
They're gonna lose the young, urbanite vote to either the Lib Dems or non-turnout, and they'll lose the working class vote to the Tories, UKIP or non-turnout.
But not just the cheap labor, but also skilled and highly educated people.
don't know about internet cafes, I think there's not that many of them.
The "czar" of course tells them to surrender, so the warriors, bellowing the battle cry "mor ho
We would top both dishes with smoked bacon
Kosovo is unilaterally using euro and doesn't have any agreement
1848 flashbacks
It is similar (although not the same) here, crossing the border to austria just sitting in nice train and thinking how few years back you would got shot to your back for just thinking of it
At least our caves are included
The poem reflects the Slovak fight for freedom, that at the time (1864) still seemed futile
It's supposedly proven by DNA tests done on Tutankhamun's mummy
Even you Hungary  Honestly i got used to it
How about you guys merge with Slovakia and then we carve out a land corridor between Czekia and Slovenia frew Austria and Hungary like it was originally planned?
We have the same system as Germany, also the % are same or very simmilar, and i tought for a long time that every country in EU has it like that
They come either with breadcrumb and sugar and butter, but there can be used also poppy seed or cocoa powder or nuts instead of breadcrumb
The reason might be because as a kid I didn't really put much effort into learning it and I only learned enough to pass exams
Interesting is the ratio of Slovaks-to-Hungarians in Dunajská Streda, a city in "the south" that is however close to Bratislava and quite representative of the whole area
Cantonese
I thought it’s a dick
All leaders were basically retards
Huh, welp I might have got it wrong, maybe it is just a distorted memory on my part, waaaait, [look] what I found ! There ! the old slovak language form I was talkin about, and that is hella anti hungarian in my eye
I personally do like my accent, or I mean I don’t really have any strong opinion on it since it’s kind of like neutral / American but I do not like the stereotypical Slovak accent
Plus Russia probably knows that AfD getting to power is ridicolious idea and instead will be lobbying via business interest.
Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania aren't V4.
Though I did not looked too thoroughly...
When I need something my go-to is English one
Who is considered the closest neighbor to Hungary
Because then we would be ruled by people, who actually understand how to govern a state
Ehmmmm
También me servirá para practicar mi pronunciación, ya que habla con mucha claridad
Plus the water in my hometown is delicious
I have a good job with good benefits, yet I still paid around $5,000 for an emergency room visit
I don't think I could handle living in a flat, mountainless country like Latvia
I am from a country formerly lead by communists, "intellectuals" were literally the "enemy of the state". They were being called "parasites" and sent to prisons
" Would it be too weird
They are interesting in some strange way
Ah shit, here we go again
Vould be applied on names too, something like japanesse "-chan" they add in the end of the names
I live in Africa now and people often ask me where I'm from
Also often on WW1
In Slovakia, if you don't go for a check-up, the next year your healthcare insurance for dental will be void
- OĽanO: no specifically defined political direction, it's an anti-corruption party
[#blameNL]
I get that it's alphabetical, but still
100 % on board
The floor on street level is called “Prízemie” and the first upper level we call “Prvé poschodie” (first floor)
Well, who doesn't have at least same navy as land-locked Belarus?
Nope
For instance, in my country hardly anyone even paid any attention to a certain far right party as it was a laughing stock, largely made up by the most common skinheads you can imagine with barely a high school education who struggle to say one coherent sentence, yet they got almost 10% in the recent elections.
Czech humor is very well known in the world - it's similar to the British humour but a little bit warmer and not so dark ;)
and my parents aren't really "handy" as a hobby.
You take that back or I'm calling Romania right now
Last year we drove to Bulgaria to and on the way visited trans-Fagaras highway.
Avg income in Slovakia is about 1000 €, avg in capital Bratislava is about 1600 €. The regional differences are there in Slovakia, the west is a pretty wealthy area, even considered to be the 3rd richest region in Europe – which upsets the east greatly
> "I mean we together for a longer time in one entity even with Croatia than Czech lands " - I have no idea what that sentence is suposed to mean
We have a direct train from Bratislava to Zurich that does it in 9 hours for 40€. Flying takes around 4 hours in total (with transportation to/from airports and airport overheads)
Well technically majority of our politicians were born in a different country
Uniform weather is when it's the right time to wear an uniform
Such a good song
Ukrainian forces composed of rump of military that have been constantly degraded in course of two decades to point where it was barely a fighting force and volunteers that never fought war before.
Na čom, samozrejme, nie je nič zlé, keďže naše jazyky sú si také podobné a značné množstvo našej populácie používa takzvané bohemizmy úplne prirodzene, len skrátka nie sú spisovné podľa našich slovníkov
I mean
Actually we are really good at naming things
I've done research papers about the Nazi's and their roots in German Society, Prussia in particular, and I've always argued that German history is highly complex and interesting and deserves more than to just be generalised into "Lul little Hitlers" (kind of how the "France surrenders!" meme annoys me now).
If no, do they propose something else or are they only single-issue parties
(Sometimes 3 vs 30€ if you find a proper scammer)
*Slovenkia
Slovaks did not like it so We offered some payment as a retribution.
And our troops were disciplined, always there, always ready
Well, mordor in the sky and mordor on the land.
Honestly, Macron is doing campaign smart.
In Slovak it’s also the same but we borrowed it not from Slavic, but Hungarian (at least that’s what I got from the fact Hungarian have the same words)
It's a purely Catholic holiday celebrating the patron saint of Slovakia
of course, I've been to Hungary many times, so I know only the paprika thing is correct ;)
why
veverička in slovak
Your economy is not that much smaller than ours, so I don't see why it would be bad.
Still, quite a lot of people don't go, there are official statistics somewhere
I've never seen pricing details
Slovakia and Romania have pretty major towns which are majority Hungarian, but there are some in Ukraine and Serbia too.
This is by far not mostly celebrated in poland
Lived in Bratislava, went over to Vienna (30km away), everyone is jogging on the streets.
Outside the ones I speak, Japanese
) but nothing about some other republicans
In my grandfathers time German soldiers were razing down villages with all who lived there inside and rebel soldiers were doing the same to german villages.
Then there’s the White Lady, usually women who died in childbirth, got killed by their husband or were jilted brides
There are historical reasons for that dating back to time of monarchy.
I hope that Slovakia will get non-corrupt acceptable parties in parliament.
Because all the money other companies would put in innovation, they would put in wages for redundant staff
The reason is either lack of finances or that government/hospital management steal the finances meant for modernization of the hospitals for themselves
They are on verge of victory in whole country.
Some of "even soviet satellites" have been functioning democracies before and EU demands are mostly aligned with long term culture there.
Words like *equivocation* sound off in English
Kebab fastfoods are pretty common as well
Austria is 130 on paper but more like 100 or 80 kmh with the very fun IG-L restrictions
Various studies show that it helps decreasing the spread of this type of illnesses
/r/europe is great in that you can say whatever shit your brain produces that day, but you can also call out people's brainshit.
Austria, cause it's right behind the corner
And no, I'm not joking
They are as european as one can get
We hanged Jozef Tiso and generally punished the rest
And this is complex issue, it is absurd to expect from common people to make informed choice from EULA written by teams of lawyers about complex things like IT systems.
And we never "purged" our language of our own native non-Russian words for no reason, we actually introduced many Russian words for exotic animals and other various things to get rid of German loanwords, so it's the other way around, Czech and Slovak moved closer to Russian and farther away from Romance and Germanic languages in the 19th century in its vocabulary
Longer answer: yeees
We have conservative shitheads because population is bunch of conservative shitheads.
I mean they had a referendum about it a few years ago
I love English accent, humor and lot of interesting history.
Vast majority of Russian primal source of information is telly.
But he talked about countries not few individuals and individual cases.
Beer is cheap in general, so no one cares
It is not linked to any ideology, nor religion
Got me ... What we do for karma ...
Kodaň - Copenhagen
That is why we do not understand polish that easy because their vocab is much different and grammar as well - but still it is very easy to learn if we are exposed to it
(Slovak Robin Hood)
And is he just following the western puppeteers for still amassing even more wealth that he takes from his own people?
Is it just me or does Scottish "about" sounds just like Canadian?
After all, it was one of top Tories that led Brexit campaign, not Nigel Farage.
You act like if we were talking about few cents.
But it must feel more "exotic" to Poles
I get that it's alphabetical, but still
This video seems too unbelievable to be true
Intellectuals are still being portrayed over here (in eastern europe) as "lazy coffee drinkers". To this very moment, that is the legacy of former soviet era
Or any other innocent bystander
Despite them being a one entity, tariffs had to be paid
Hungary, Slovakia Poland in April - Itinerary Help
>Nazis in Germany are cheering
gate (pants)
They are generally afraid of doing so and although they describe different reasons why, it all mostly boils down to having trouble getting by if they did and the uncertainty if they would be good mothers, if their partner is the right one and if they would be able to provide the child with a good life.
Are they going to change their careers or what
Austrian politicians pass law to seize house where Hitler was born
Also I am not a fan of hockey or any other sport
They key here is that data are in percents.
Then I'm missing the 3 Baltic ones and the 3 Balkan ones + Slovakia.
Are they famous at home
Nope
Fireworks are allowed only 1 hour on new years
I thought they invented the base of the language in Great Moravia but when they were exiled by Svätopluk their students invented cyrillic in Bulgaria
I can smell your jelaosity from miles away!
Can lowkey talk about anything with anyone but isn't good at anything in particular
Vasiľ Biľak
There are outright neo-Nazis in Parliament in Hungary and Slovakia, so yeah.
I mean what do you expect from former CCCP countries  usually if you don’t drink you are the weird one here
They don´t harm their foreheads, nor falling to the knee,
thank you, so I'm not going crazy yet
They ran and promoted the story.
For Slovakia I guess it's probably Czech, then English, Hungarian, German, Russian, Ukrainian and Romani
Sounds like it's time to seize the means of production again.
We suck lately
And dont worry I dont got to church and mosque or synagogue.
What I find interesting is that the more successful Eastern European countries are apparently less corrupt than some of the Western European countries.
After 0:32 all I could focus on was the horrified balcony face
Hahah, honesty at first place I see
80€ for 50 minutes (90km) on a EuroCity train (highest quality train in Slovakia, cause it’s actually a Czech trainset going from Prague to Budapest)
I work for a German Automotive company in Bratislava and only the top management speak German, the middle management I'd say 50% and workers close to 0 %.
You can get both, but I’d say people prefer green  olives
Slovak - Russian
Russia is more nationalistic than western states yes, it is necesarry in such big country with so many ethnicities and also the comment about immigration.
But I think world still think we have a lot of common because we were in "one" country for a really short period of time.
It's my favourite too now
Slovakia is pretty safe country in general
No treadmills, no nicotine patches, no vaping, no slowly reducing the income etc.
If you don't want it just give the city to us
Also Lebanon
"Of Smith" is a noun but it isn't declined.
I would go crazy if I had to reguraly drive pickup in my city
German
We depend on our neighbours too much
This is kind of stupid since the system against fake degrees was established couple of years ago, so it is not possible to copy academic works of other people and claim as own
You can try it for yourself on
One major murderer gets obliterated by brave Italian police and all you think about is what the UK labour leader thinks of it.
I would say for people interested in history, yes he is, but in the general public, probably not so much
Naaah, most people over here cant read cyrillic, even those older ones who had russian at school haha
It is the same like when some tv like bbc upload video on IT and it is only available in UK
Dark Tranquillity, At the Gate, In Flames, Meshuggah, and a shitton of others as well
A lot of people here have this way of thinking:' As long as it doesn't happen to me or my family, who cares
Thanks to energy saving lamps and better insulated "passive" housing projects, the electricity consumption per capita is going down as well, so hopefully we are on a right track
Regardless, English marks the same sound as "sh". How does "h" equal to "z", then
Same in Slovakia
She hit some people years before this incident in košice, but at that time her family was "untouchable". Even the incident in Hungary spread a of passion in slovakia about slovak "privileged" ones
If you ask Americans what their nationality is, are they gonna say Irish, English, Polish, Chinese, African etc?
And there we go
&#x200B;
And it was by metres per kilometer with trees
I heard there was some CIA facility in Poland too
However, the key turn-point was imho mid-19th century when very aggressive forced [magyarization] started
Hungarian one has made no moves against EU with exception of migrant crisis which was a big issue back home and took stance that currently even other EU countries support, openly or not.
This is the antithesis of globalism.
Both of those words are meant to be dogs, but both of them are right if certain requirements are met)
Well, yes
Because over here over the border, the attitude is very different
We may think it over, we may declare it over, but in fact, the enemy gets a vote
People just don't side with them
Brits did
breakfast - frištik - from German "Frühstück"
Parody content like memes and parody videos are not included in this ban
Slovakian superiority shining through in 1600s
same with Belgrade
Slovakia so nuclear
By that logic a fucking crisp is a biscuit isn't IS THAT WHAT YOIU WANT CHAOS AND ANARCHY
It's just nice to bring a bottle with you to a party, and then you put it on a table with other bottles and then drink everything there - if you wanna get smashed
It makes me.wonder what his párty even is.
Why is this so funny and wholesome
Hi, my name is John
Our landscapes are of 2 types- the Mountains and the Lowlands (I dont know the english word)
There is also "[závin] a pastry filled and rolled with various stuff (cocoa or poppy seed are common)
It all started with a fucking gorilla...
My dad is Czech, my mom is Slovak, I have both citizenships and to say that we have no similarity is so very nuts
US is more like a rebellious kid that has a complicated relationship with his parents but deep inside he still loves them
The parachute by Štefan Banič.
And Norway ended up a lot richer, safer and more prosperous than Sweden
I don't says that RC is perfect, But I'more for slovakia lean closer to RC
During the school year it takes me 2 hours and 30 minutes to get to the town where I study, but that's not a daily commute
Me and my South African friend told her to stop...Anyway, as it was said somewhere in these comments, Hungarians should look into the future rather than past.
It's difficult to see the differences with the vast majority in the 30s being the red and the few 40s as the purple and the one clear 8
Its sometimes needed in rural areas as usual, but I get by without a problem
It used to be (more or less) a norm to leave at the age of 18-19 in the communist era but it's way more common nowadays to see even 30+ people live with together with their parents due to economical reasons - buying house is quite expensive nowadays and as a remnant of the communist era people prefer to own the house/condo rather than rent it
Apparently i slept very well
Together with Hungarians it formed Hungarian Kingdom in 1000 which was meant to be a strong kingdom housing various nationalities
it was build to house an army of a Jan Jyskra, mercenary captain in service of Hungarian king (well one of two kings at that time)
It was series of reforms, which makes it even worse that it was treated this way
And the french got it from Vienna, not from Croatia directly
Most nationalists would probably consider someone as Slovak a person that was born, raised here and has slovak ethnicity.
Like this:
> Jára Cimrman
Yes we would if the same situation was happening, but it isn't and so we aren't.
There's a similar divide going on in Slovakia.
Because let's be honest here for a moment - it's not a different country, it's just a trick we play on Hungary and Austria
Minecraft beginner
Don’t worry, we can be slow together
Ah, Ljubljana is a beautiful city
What type
Funnily enough sep territories in Donbass have data, even though only thing they can purchase now is despair and visit from KGB.
For the "die-hard fans", football and their club is a bit like a religion.
So I read on it and thought the typical office temperature was made for men in 60ties wearing full suits
I have a nexus 5 so I need a micro sim, and would prefer to have internet and international calling to be able to call family at home, but the international calling is also not absolutely necessary.
It should be either integrate, or leave
Never found one who did not crave for times of Tito to be back.
And East too
I think the outlook on Slovenia is definitely the most positive from all of the "Balkans", and it's among Czechs, poles, Austrians
Maybe I am missing something, but to me it looks similar
Unfortunately, especially post-1848, Hungarians started to force Hungarian identity as the only state-approved identity
The area is protected now, also because of the unique flora and fauna, so one should be careful there
hate (weirs)
Czech Republic and Slovakia
Slovak expressions are pretty boring
But generaly slovaks divide the Slovak language into 3 sub groups: Western Slovak, Central Slovak and Eastern Slovak
Yes I do understand what you meant.
Or the Netherlands and Denmark, who've also traditionally been very eurosceptic.
And if someone doesn't understand peace, well you're just going to have to give them what they're asking for.
Baltic countries or Poland if want can have deals/pact/treaty with US just like South Korea, Japan,Taiwan and so on.
Hillary fucking kids in basement of pizza place?
Not English, but German, my Slovak is slowly deteriorating
Smh my head
and later we’ve talked about Magyarization and Černová massacre and WW1
If you are from CZ, speak Czech, 0 problems with that, everyone will understand you perfectly
Also id translate Banská Bystrica "mining creek"
100€ - eleven large pizzas from pizza delivery
Alright, you win
Now it slides down to mediocre one.
Relatable af
I love when Dutch start showing off how they are paying so much to the EU
> ť - I don't really know how to write it phonetically
Seriously, I know like 4 Zuzanas and 3 Veronikas.
So I would assume, you could list that as a language that the majority of Bulgarians speaks on some level?
If the Slovakia can get a country running as normal a few years after the biggest socio-economic crash of that century, don't see why Scotland can't.
Only one agency is polling SPD higher than CDU/CSU.
It is being build since 70s, it is becoming more of a legend than a real deal
I lived in Plymouth and the weather was constantly the same
OK, you may keep the nuclear programme
Western Europe was the main locale of global immigration but nowdays they scream that people are going to their countries.
If I may interfere I would pick thyme for you instead
Anyway, I personally, have no problems with Hungarians
Still a holiday, so if the flirting goes wrong, you will never see them again
It goes like: Are you a Hungarian
Santa doesn't bring presents here in Slovakia
From veggies definitely borecole
Thats a lie
Slovak parliament:
Wilders had little to no chance of becoming PM anyway as he had no parties to make coalition win.
Despite being 100% small village Slovakian
Why does she not visit said countries?
Why are so many people surprised that there is Tesco in Slovakia
As a citizen of Playoff winner B, I think we have a chance for the 2nd spot
what is bad about Russian vaccine ? I thought thaht our common goal was to save lives and end this outbreak , but also in Slovakia governmnet is at risk of breakup because of disagreemnt with aquiring Sputnik ...
They persecute for jokes or send cops to you for dumb tweets
Sure it may be for some people, but mostly if you really want it you can afford it
Seemed very weird
I mean, we never "officially" had a cat (as in had it registered with a city) when I was growing up, yet we absolutely had cats :) So, yeah...
In bigger stations we have specialized counters for “International routes” where they speak English
I was there as an exchange student and we had separate dorms exclusive to exchange students which were furnished
Just don't.
Vegas also, is not for me
Give that man a slice of Karabakh
I don't anymore, as there is so many of them that it's unbearable
That's pretty problematic
It is manufactured in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Few days ago I tried translating text to Slovak for my dad and for the love of god I wasn't able to translate the word "privacy". So I just stood there describing it and waving my hands around until I just gave up and used Google translate
Get your facts straight
That was one of main reasons to join - easier access to markets - not only place where you can sell goods, but also a place to find employees with fewer paperwork.
at least it rhymes
Ukrainians claim that Crimea is theirs and it was taken by military invasion.
Yea it kind of looked nice in that dirty form too
When I first went to Portugal and Spain I thought the smoking rate must be close to 70 percent.
Don't rely on the EU, rely in yourself Romania.
Depends on your job I feel like but I think German, French, Russian and Spanish could be useful
But than again I don't travel that much
However I got recommended some museums, so will check them later
Also if there is so many fights and after the shooting fiasco, good riddance on increased police presence there
The only history we have with Russians now is WW2 memorabilia and yet that is still more connected to national resistance fighters
Woah
I think that the biggest cause is that fo many decades we celebrated 9th of May as end of the WW2 (commonly accepted date is 8th May, when Nazi Germany surrendered and allies liberated Prague)
might be getting some death threats now for being a spy lmao
If we could find a way to get him in, it would be perfect.
Jesus Christ, no
got no clue honestly, probably logistics or already existing infrastructure making it economically more feasible, also they're exporting into a euro-based country so the Czech crown costs could be theoretically lower
E.g. policies regarding China (one China policy, non-recognition of Taiwan and that except for president nobody mentions human rights at meeting with Chinese officials)
) celebrate the town status given to them on 9
I don’t wanna sound like a whining baby but I really don’t like living in Slovakia
From what I know German declined in most countries/just like French.
The city is sick <3
What I suggested was simply meeting halfway.
And all the indian food
But we also think the separate Slavic identify which later became Slovak identity formed somewhere in 7th century at times of Principality of Nitra
Submit projects you are doing with communities and based on that you can receive public funds.
It wasn't oligarchy because USSR leadership didn't own factories.
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
Plus their personality is like mine
Nitra, it's pretty large (for Slovak standards), and was the capital of the first Slavic state in modern-day Slovakia, the Principality of Nitra
Citydwellers see them as hillbillies and vice versa, though plenty of rural people travel to Capital for work and most of the people from Capital travel to county for weekends
Even that article claims it's better than nothing
They only established diplomatic relations with us in 2009.
ummm
East Europe=Best Europe
That or simply crisis is over and Orban and Fico dont use it anymore to divert attention.
Well, it failed to address basic problems.
For a short statement to support of the protesters
There are huge differences between urban and rural areas, different corners of the same country, minorities that have been in the country for hundreds of years, ....
Ultimately this lead to downfall of the social democeatic party which was in charge back then
It means bassoon
It's not slang
Demanding equality within the union is what you call solidarity?
Who's the target
(As if Bratislava wasn't just a village compared to rest of Europe)
If you are (university) educated person, economics will motivate you to focus more on your career.
This could serve as a good deterrent to all the other companies, e.g.
Those people are disgrace of our society
Pop 3 times of Raqqa and richer city by far.
But as I said this changed post-1848
Turned out to be czech, for like 800 years
I just always lived how long his name was
Sometimes, someone asks me something in Slovak and I respond in English
I like walking
Plus we already know commies bad
EGO really struck gold with it
I'm not saying that Dutch dorm rent isn't overpriced, but many seems to forget the income difference when both countries use €.
In Slovak, we call them Zbojníci, which is in Slovak language basically word for bandits
Slovaks generally felt betrayed by Habsburg monarchy in aftermatch of 1848 when Slovak nationalists sided with Habsburg emperors against Kossuth separatists and in return Habsburgs gave Hungarians greater powers, completely ignored Slovak demands for self administration, or even local cultural and language autonomy, and turned other way when Hungarians, who saw minorities as traitors because 1848, enforced their policy of assimilation and suppression of minority rights.
Mountains
Vexicology itself took centuried to actually take hold.
Criticize that EU is not integrated enough and with the same breath criticize that EU is integrating too much.
Its not special to anyone
Too many to list for Finland
If I would be afraid of anything, it would be people stealing my stuff while I slept, not axes.
Other than that - two old dudes, quite similar honestly, and biden will be easier to push around, i am afraid
Bulgaria lost around 2 mil people since  fall of communism
Slav only own sow and reaps only own lands
The same can be said about the polls in Crimea before the annexation.
In Slovak, I’d say it’s split between “Áno
I loved Prague when I visited it, Czechoslovakia
My choice is clear
Why should someone receive insulin if they aren't willing to change their diet?
Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, Bulgaria and Cyprus.
Oh, and gulás. Don't forget about gulás.
Definitely the same in many other countries, but it's just infuriating
Short answer: yes
Autumn > Spring > Winter > > > > > > > > Summer
The karma gods work in mysterious ways
Well, it wasn't exactly Bruno Ganz type of breakdown, but I feel the whole interview was very emotional and if you play the last minute, from 34:00, I think you can tell the man sounds was almost crying
The EU has turned into fascist union log ago i agree but Turkey is like two levels worse.
TANTRA MOUNTAINS - Slovakia Country Review
I hate this so badly man
mal**ý** muž (small man) and mal**í** muži (small men) = here both ý and í sound the same
Like, could not they think that there will be retaliation
There are multiple medieval castles within an hour´s journey of the city, a church adorned with thousands of human skeletons, and a concentration camp that was used by the Nazis for propaganda purposes.
Doesn't get much lower than this.
If not, you can ask your local insurance to issue the card for you, it doesnt cost you anything and you are set.
These latter also tend to give longer visas (and multiple entry visas) as opposed to the first ones which give for exactly the days (and a single entry) you are there.
Infrastructure will be the key.
That's the moment I became a true American tourist (am from Slovakia but living stateside) and I was so embarrassed, but it gave us another hour of being able to sight see on our own and buy some marzipan, which was mediocre and tourist trappy in its own right
Gottwaldov was on Czech side of the border, tho.
It is an english term
Eh, Spain failed to form government in nearly a year and country was actually doing better then before.
Nah
>Most people who own pickups only occasionally use them to carry heavy/bulky cargo, they're used as passenger vehicles most of the time
Also I am not a fan of hockey or any other sport
That's why the UK parliament is sovereign in the first place.
Slovak nazi state (WW2)
Raised as fir tree, hard as stone,
For if you decide on the new, you forget the old and you keep the old there is no new
And they should switch to "ananas", "beton" and "gepard" too
Take a bus to Belarus and to Kyiv, and then a plane tide to Chisinau.
Marhuľa in Slovak
Well, Nigel had yesterday on LBC segment where he talked about Malmo as hell on Earth.
True, but you know how they perceive it in WE.
But just like the social safety net, this is changing
Seeing a Škoda Felicia is a rare thing, even in the poorer parts of Slovakia
In USA i do it like 99% of time
That is why I pointed out I can easily tell apart Czech and Slovak speaker in both Egnlish/German(our languages are very similar), while from what i know Latvian/Lithuanian are not even mutually intelligible.
Well he was in Russia a few times, shouting that West bullied Russia into current status.
somewhere else but still here
Especially some good home-made pálenka, the one thing that unites us all over here
Plus we Slovaks like to go there, because Croatia is culturally and aesthetic wise similar to Slovakia
Clearly, I’m partial to it as a Slovak speaker, but it being almost entirely phonetic (the whole phonetic thing got ruined by the introduction of “y” which sounds just like “i”) is nice
They're dialects
I certainly don't doubt that lol, but some of the stuff I had to call them for could have been easily posted on their website
Funny you should say that, I'm pretty sure etymologically countries have different names in different languages mostly (but not always) because of butchering of their native names.
I asked my family and they said mountain air as well, but also mentioned the smell of sheep or cattle
You explicitly say "American football" when talking about it and almost nobody associates the word "football" with the American variety.
Even Anbar is now not facing large scale insurgency in areas that are under Iraqi control.
Just because there are Hungarians in Slovakia, both of our cuisines are pretty comparable in terms of healthiness.
"zlaté české ručičky" - gold czech hands (it is being used in czechia as "being handy", here is it being used in ironic way, if someone screw something up)
I’d remarry you any time
They used to be extremely popular, together with Skoda 120
FUCK NO WAY I FUCKING
Jozef Tiso
What about those celebrities mocking trump in their shows
Whenever they start talking about things that are a major part of the current political climate like Trump, racism, etc they become very hit or miss
If you ask here anyone who is their favourite US president, the vast majority will tell you it is Ronald Reagan
London will suffer, because they drained rest of the EU (otherwise we wouldn't be talking about it as a something bad for London/UK).
If I ever have a kid
Because Byzabtins had it and someone wanted to be on good terms with Constantinople.
Or Yougoslavs and Hungarians
In Bratislava, there are only 3 KFC restaurants (5 in the whole country), and only one of them has drive-through
It's a far-right party headed by a half-Japanese (he's also partly Korean) businessman.
Top kek
I dont think something would be different in these affairs if heindrich assasination did not occur
He did not bow down, he did not allow AKP protesters to camp the night in Rotterdam and when he said that ministers wont be allowed to come he kept the word.
Not once did I hear this, although I know all about it as I’m kind of a WW2 buff
No, this is no problem of hindsight.
The Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary etc.
I’d love to be fluent, the language is cool, I do enjoy the grammar for the most part, and it’s useful in Europe
It works this way even without law like this - every (young) woman can leave your company with all skills she learned forcing company to find and teach somebody else.
"Šarkan" usually stands for dragon in older literature, folk fairy tales, while "drak" is more contemporary and comprehensive
Spelling reforms are for pussies, let's write like they did in the middle ages when people had no idea how to write shit so they just made it all up
That said, democracy usually makes it much easier.
But when they are alone they are talking 20+ minutes about how they met other race human
Well, Slovaks and Czechs understand each other without any major difficulties
None
Just asking, who's the last team England lost to recently
Sorry guys
Before the euro Germany and France were running at significant deficits now they command what happens and benefit substantially.
Nothing extraordinary is listed there besides standard info (where/when born, address), but you can add some remarks, such as academic title, blood type or serious medical conditions
Second thing yes, maybe there is word about taking a sabre and standing in the line, but take it more like stand up for yourself than attack someone
And for each one, the other one sounds funny
Because Croats are very friendly and helpful people
I wonder how much porn flows through there
if you have other white or other asian is there not option to write which one right - likei am Slovak or someone is Thai and so on.
My ex boss who was jewish worked with a big NGO for Palestine.and in Palestine, and yes its pretty normal.
Czecho Slovakia when it became independent in 1918(?) was the 6th richest country.
of mainly reporters and oposition leaders
Likewise, the Neusieedler See can provide a great summer holiday for someone, who might think that Balaton is just too overcrowded
I mean responding to my 2 comments with similar topic after 12 and 7 days, interesting....
He was basically Hitler's bitch
[as you can see in this post]
Maybe I just misunderstood
I wish EU was allied with US and Russia the same, and maybe in the future with China aswell, when they overthrow the communist government and transfer to something less dictatorish
22 is where indy support for Scotland started kust one years before indyref1.
Especially because most religious people (those in church) are childless (although, officially only, I could name one archbiship with his illegitimate kids).
I agree that this crisis shown how unprepared nations across the globe are
He preys on poor Eastern Slovaks by promising them a better life and selling them some lame ass supplements
Also got Czechoslovakia in France and Italy
the circumstances in Europe and the us are fundamentally different.
My country nothing again, so proud of being from Slovakia.
3 D
Let aside all I know, I wonder if I am the only one who's always felt Benelux would be a great name for a brand of lightbulbs
Huh
Promise a lot of money (and rental apartments) to people with no specific plans to collect that money for
You have any idea how much capital has Russia spent to lobby end of sanctions?
If UK won't adhere to EU regulations anymore, there needs to be a point set up for goods that will be passing to EU regulated space from the outside of it.
They are capable of a/ genocide and b/ sending millions of migrants to Europe and c/ committing largest terror attacks in Europe since 1970's.
I would love to use trains to travel around Europe, but most of them are unreliable and you can have huge delay
Keep your smelly horses out of here
strom = single tree
But it is very weird to me, especially if someone brigs some better bottles (as we did) and someone else is opening them like his own
And I also find myself translating words from English to Slovak a lot - I know what the English word means but I have no idea how it’s said in Slovak
They are more puffy, and also they usually do not contain whole fruit, only jam or chocolate if anything
Neither people of Crimea nor people of Donbass were given an option to choose.
(hoci istym sposobom aj je )
Yes, the situation is hard
But honestly, you still understand more than when you hear Hungarians speaking Slovak
I was 28 y.o. when I was first explained, by an American, where does the word "beťár", meaning a trickster, come from
I hate this so badly man
you need a very strong anti-dandruff shampoo for oily hair
&#x200B;
Szukat their looking for means to fuck in Slovakia and Czech Republic
Russia and the USA need to piss off of the Balkans.
It was a huge problem in the early stages of monarchy since most of them didn't speak hungarian so communication with Hungarian nobility and the king was complicated
The main downtown area is an almost perfectly-preserved midieval neighborhood, it has the biggest castle in the world dating back to the 11th century, beautiful scenery and architecture, and more museums than you could visit in a lifetime.
OK this may have led to me being scared of driving, because never really gotten into it, because I moved to the capital city as soon as I got my licence
Interesting, I didn't know Putin bots are so active here.
Minus the corona, our head of the government was in a serious car crash
It may not decide the fate of current production lines but once it's necessary to retool or to commit to other big investments it may very well be a deciding factor between Sussex and Slovakia.
I feel like you're excluding a certain part of your history and ultimately Germany itself
Back then, as a teen, I did not really have any issues and coped with it perfectly, same went for the long summer days
You cant sell a subpar product and call the customers stupid for not having knowledge of the ingredients.
japan, south korea, singapore, vietnam (strangely enough)
We had a nazi called Tiso
69€.
But that war worked out quite nice for us
" attack him
that definitely wouldn't spill over to Ukraine, nope
This is false
Probably helps that my parents are separated and that my mother leaves to spend weekend with my dad at our cottage - so we have the place completely to ourselves at least a couple days per week
you get the idea, I'd go with Košice, a beautiful city, the second largest in Slovakia (with a population of 250,000, compared to the 450,000 of Bratislava)
But Marine Le Pen is another ballpark.
would stop working
>Tito
Lot of global companies done a lot of good things.
spectacular driving
If it's taught in foreign language (e.g. English) it's usually always paid
This is a tradition in Slovakia too, in my family we used to do this up until I was around 12, buy a carp, keep it in the bathtup for a few days then kill it.
> samos empire would be above germany and russia, wery proud about that
I also found Amsterdam-Düsseldorf-Frankfurt-Munich and Hamburg-Berlin-Wroclaw-Krakow
Regardless of that, Alex Salmond never said anything like you did.
You do realize that issues you raised are 100% within authority of national states that REFUSED to give those powers to supra-national institutions of EU?
You've just been outside, youre bringing the shit from there back to your home wtf
In Bratislava there have literally only been 2 days that it snowed
I haven't heard any merci in Hungary, only köszönöm.
Czech Republic with Slovakia and their delicious beer & [knedliki] diet.
Also we generally greet people in the countryside and small towns
China has a pretty great control over their middle class, check this short documentary series for examples :) [
In Slovakia we have “Jazykovedný ústav Ľudovíta Štúra” according to google translate: Ľudovít Štúr Institute of Linguistics
Well, that depends on what countries will you be visiting.
Everytime i go to California Pizza Kitchen i barely eat half, but yaay can take it home and don't have to deal with dinner
This week it only failed by 1 vote
But usually Hungarian sounding names (Andráši) or full on Hungarian ones (Bugár, Világi, Kovács, Andrássy, Katona) are from the south, where we’ve got the highest population of Hungarians
Given who were my ancestors at that time, I would be either a farmer, a miller (a better alternative), or something in a developing multiethnic mining settlement, probably a charcoal burner
I still don't understand what was the purpose of that scene any, it kinda didn't fit into narrative
Just this week it come out that Head of the Slovak National Council, copied his final Final thesis back in 2000
My parents / grandparents and uncle used to call me "malý" which basically means smol
What would have happened if he tried to sell "Stalin is a hero" or "Lenin our leader" ?
My girlfriend is Polish and comes from Gdynia (near Gdansk/Danzing) and if I'm honest I was shocked, they were both awesome to visit and being brought up by the beach it was nice to see the sea again (Slovakia is landlocked).
That opens the space for some other words:
Hailed as a hero by the Russian media
"No
Where are all those EU dictators
abour country tag/flair - neviem ako na mobile, ale na webe ked si otvoris tento subreddit tak vpravo mas About Community kde si vies rozkliknut Community Options a tam to nastavis
What you wrote isn't offensive but simply lame and not funny.
They can speak english well enough.
The problem with those is that they are not doing anything - yet
Wow I really haven't expected to see kids in that sub
Dont worry with the state of things in our country you will have this kind of shit in no time.
That "explains" why they didn't fight for poles.
We don't have many reason to develop better sense of humor, we mostly laugh at our country
In Slovak, we pronounce it with Sh and also the original pronunciation in Hungarian is with Sh
And that’s Germany
Roman empire was ever under the rule of somebody else than Caesar
Vegas also, is not for me
But just like the social safety net, this is changing
Thats not how you motivate people, charging a premium for a car that should regain trust.
It is a competition
I hitchhiked from Slovakia all the way to Kristiansand and spend there 1 week in tent in luxury part of town on beach  met a lot of friendly people definitely want to come back
This is not your data
Yes
I was there and there is nothing to do
I love it an would not go back
Wouldn't be surprised, if growth of income in Ukraine is centuries behind Germany...
(I just found out that because of this Europe's day is celebrated in Košice on [6th of May] don't ask me why)
Does Czech Republic count as Germany and after that as Austro-Hungary ?
you want Germany, Austria, Netherlands, Slovakia, Baltic countries out of the EZ?
Oh I need a break like this from time to time from other subreddits whre 90 % of stuff is some weird American non-sense that isn't a problem in my country whatsoever
I do know the American and Canadian tho
Last time we protested against our (now) ex-prime minister he quit so he would not suffer consequences and our new prime minister is just his pawn
Without apple, google would go all the way to screw the consumer
They come either with breadcrumb and sugar and butter, but there can be used also poppy seed or cocoa powder or nuts instead of breadcrumb
Well you were neighbours for a loong time
It mostly just bars and you have to show and ID to get there
Having said that, anyone using Y at the end of a verb, which is simply never correct
Seriously, there many cases where they take out all the metal parts from their own houses or apartments to sell them
Parody content like memes and parody videos are not included in this ban
Getting cancer isn't fun either.
However, I find the most sense in creating a dedicated ministry
Riverpark is also very good, although it's in a weird place, we don't go there much often since there is only Riverpark and nothing else
"Make Slovakia a socialist republic again"
I dunno I read it on the internet now, it doesnt look like something I read years ago, since that was even written in older language
Well i would say pirohy or šišky
Dont panik
Only you can
Also, lightbulb
Either a mansion or several houses / flats
So you can not really compare them
Are the left-right definitions different in Slovakia than in Westetn Europe/North America?
The Italian proposal was really good one alas...
2) No
Okay so you've got from a hateful constitution and being slaves for 150 years to a legit historical document of the Declaration from 1918
I would probably choose one of the bigger cities or perhaps one of the capitals of the V4 countries (Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary), because this region is where I feel at home the most.
Amazing
Wow, thanks a lot :)
People from Western Europe say that we are eastern Europe, because Europe was split for 40 years by Iron curtain
Northern regions- mountains, forests, bears eating trash, Gypsies, unofficial graveyard of Czech and Polish tourists, people often vote for neo-Nazis, drunk shepherds carrying long [axes]
It's nice to compare the differences and judge which dub is better.
Its much easier to close off an island than a country in the middle of Europe thats has numerous roads and entry points and is part of Shengen
and just make the item smaller or cuter
[- Why did you abandon me
In Slovakia English is mandatory and then you choose between German and Russian
Its already function as capital of Slovakia
Please try again <3
Bremen: Mercedes assembly
Increasing pay and/or quality of work environment.
It was nearly 20° here this week
Wow I really haven't expected to see kids in that sub
come on now
80s and 90s were also important in terms of how our country looks today
It was good for the nobility, terrible for the common folk
Your politicians are not popular here, because of constant wars in last 2 decades, Bush was someone very negatvely seen as hawk and republicans are seen as party with ties to weapons lobby (not sure if this is correct term).
At 53% our public debt is much higher than Czechia's (38%), with a deficit hovering at around 3%.
Reminds me of my favorite Eastern Slovak verb in imperative that does not exist in Slovak - rošni
"Abandon the grinch, the Italian bombshell is coming!"
Then there are weird ones like KAUAN (russian post-metal in finnish) or Vesta (synthpop)
I was away for a day (had a trip to Slovakia).
I think 85% Slovaks are very friendly when they are talking to other race
wait
UK citizens should stop projecting their views on the EU.
I’ve been to Zilina multiple times and loved it there (though not much to do)
Finlad is better comparision, yet they just have better hospitals and that's something we miss
It's 33C here and I'm wishing for a swift death already
Its not us we swear, its the rest of us thats the problem
The house itself is not locked
Yep
Good job, dont let CCP propaganda reign over EU
If this amount of migration triggered such a shitstorm on continent, than widdly-fucking-doo, when the real wave comes we are in for a ride.
You are so right, I've been in Pisa for a few days and man i was bored as FUCK, everything that's worth seeing you can see in one day spent most of my trip there just lying on the grass in the shade cause it was nice and cool in the stupid summer heat
I spent a few days there in 2011-ish, and wish I had skipped it completely.
Ahoj, moje meno je Ján. Je mi potešením ťa stretnúť. Odkiaľ si ty
A lot of people here have this way of thinking:' As long as it doesn't happen to me or my family, who cares
slovakia, any country smaller than us has to be really small, so i would consider as big the other xD
This is actually the first time that the original is available
Can you imagine that road trip
I see the action done by Blizzard as violation of this
We'd also finally get rid of the shitshow that's our politics
There are other examples like political units or nations having feminine associated while plain geographical locations are neuter (might have mixed up those in a way, though)
Plus you can always ask them to add lemon or make a lemonade
Which means some people have to work multiple months for something and other just few weeks
My American boyfriend, the ice and the ever present cold AC
And last time I heard Russians accusing someone of being like Nazi, Ukraine got invaded.
You and UK
He is a leader of a nationalist political party, and it would be just really hilarious if he got sent to Hungary
I say keeping the monuments to fallen Soviet soldiers makes sense, since they sacrificed themselves to free us from the Germans, but statues, plaques or anything praising people like Stalin, Brezhnyev and so should be removed
It was only a radio talk show, so the PM does not appear on screen
stromy = multiple trees
After media pressure he finally made it available to public
Throughout totalitarianism he worked hard to make Czechoslovakia more democratic - reducing censorship, improving free speech, it had been to such a degree that the USSR invaded us in 1968 and established a period of normalisation until 1989
On our bus line between cities, some drivers just turn of the light if it's dark in the morning/night
Whats the "work" thing you all germans talk about
"Alert all available fillibusters, we have a born and raised Philly to bust
1942 90H-10S
It is not tied to any ideology or religion
i did not mean history, i meant national identity, of course looking at history through pink glasses can only lead to disaster
I black on words a lot
But I bet some actors etc
He famously said, if you start smoking after your 20's it will be not damaging to your health
Wew
If you don’t speak English, just read Czech wiki
By your logic it's also a "strange word".
I'm missing on the list Portugal, Ireland, Latvia/Lithuania/Estonia, Finland, Belgium, Denmark, Slovakia.
It's the same as with the split of Czechoslovakia, which happened without any referendum and just because few politicians wanted to split the power, but as in the next elections people elected for these politicians into power, they subsequently gave their consent to these previous actions.
I would change him for Iceland’s or New Zealand’s prime minister
I still believe this summer will be the hottest on record
Mostly because of translations problems I guess.
chlap = single man
There are so many different Slovak dialects it was historically difficult to codify the language.
Why don't we have something similar here
The guy already went batshit, just push a little more
If Poles want to close the gap with Czechia, Slovakia and so on, they could do worse than address that problem.
What infrequented word from a foreign language, that you barely speak, have you impressed a native with
I know it’s a lot of questions, but I’ll be thankful for your answers
A man can do only so much
Bulgarian, while still hard because of Cyrillic, it is easier and more phonetic and easier to remember for some reason than Russian
For us it can get a bit heated when it generational change and Russia related questions
Surnames from the west won't have Ľ, in the east you can find more ŠČ, DZ and DŽ. Some endings also reflects the dialects, like -lák in the west, -liak in the centre, -ľák in the east
Aj to, aj kukátko
I say no, the fuck what, that is not okay at all and never will be
I am sorry to hear your bad experience
Not copyright striked
Also, let's not forget that most of the parliament passionately denounced our ombudswoman's report (congressman Vašečka from OĽaNO called it 'rainbowy' for including her complaints about the state of LGBT+ rights in our country, which didn't even make most of the ombudswoman's report)
If this is his vision of UK and how things should be run, then his opinion on EU is perfectly understandable.
You voted for Brexit, so now you're English
But mentality is still mostly eastern.
I do not think so
Strangely, there is no English Wikipedia article on this
She quit when she was 71 because her arteries were filled and doc said its either that or grave within next 3 years.
I mean, it's not possible to do something like that ourselves, but it is plausible if Americans payed it with their own money
Prvé podlažie - first floor (the street level)
All food is better in Europe duh, them food regulations are hardcore here
besides that i find it outrageous
> Also yeah Samo´s empire is (was) mentioned more, also I seen it mentioned few times on here to be convinced that Slovak people care about it more than GM
role (fields)
Well, I was trying to provide you with an alternative of a place that lives according to the whole "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" philosophy an how that is failing.
Gone are the times when we got that bronze medal from you
China is fully Chinese, nothing bad ever happened there, everyone is atheist
yay, american healthcare, but on a more serious note, though i personaly think brexit was a lunatics idea that emerged from dormant ,,former ruler of the world" complex, its grave news indeed, since brexit, deals with eu firms are at jeopardy so she has to turn to us companies, with are quite fishy regarding health care, farma lobby and so on
The word felvídek or "upper hungary" is pretty big fight starter
When the uprising broke out, the armed insurgents simply seized the money and were able to purchase the loyality of common people living in the region
And "we" hanged Tiso
Its actually nice to live here
Transafag
I have these two plastic coins on my keys that I use for it
that entire big section of walls was built as a protection of camp of his army.
Also judaism and zionisim actually is a diffence for many.
We recently got thousands of Serbians coming to Slovakia for work
But there are still people doing Erasmus just across borders in Vienna, Krakow or Ostrava
Späť means backwards in Slovak
weapon is lifeless tool, its the person who wields it that matters
While here in Slovakia people are also ignorant in many cases and have some knowledge only about Europe and countries they visited in summer/Turkey, Tunisia, Thailand, Dubai/UAE and so on, i expected low knowledge in this deparment but it was even worse than i thought.
As well as Czechoslovakia didn't technically exist
I've heard *pšonki*, I think on Kosmo.
Or is it just kinda central to the old borders
I find your lack of Prague disturbing
For me the same
Had a fresh octopus salad during summer in Croatia
Slovenia and Slovakia are often inter-exchanged, apparently even by Slovakians themselves.
Whenever I see latinized Ukrainian, I wish they just used our alphabet
What's the benefits of Romanians (which most likely seem to be drunk men or female escorts), Slovakians etc entering a wealthy nation where culturally is a giant world apart.
In everyday life nobody is using words like 'equivocal'. In daily life the 'for hundred' thing is less than 80
I know about alabama and new york and texas, and florida maan ... and sydney
Best wishes neighbours
* cop (plait)
Last huge pandemic hitting Europe was Spanish flu hundred years ago
Just looking at Eastern Slovakia, Kralovsky Chlmec (7000 inhabitants), Velke Kapusany (9000 inhabitants), Trhoviste (2000 inhabitants) are missing
I think combining education and sport makes just about the same sense as combining culture and sport, little less sense than combining defense and sport and much less sense than combining it with anything else
I would probably consider myself an upper middle class but not that much
He is head of parliament, bot government, but I agree with you
One instance we actually took a picture with a gravestone was when we found our family name on a cemetery in Barcelona which was quite unexpected discovery
Wonder what the contestants think while they grab the other one's ass or
It is definitely in Russia's interests.
Having said that, i dont understand how is this all communism related
Yes Taiwan is an independent country and we love to have some more cooperation with them
),  - ďakuješ
Not a food, but Alcohol lol, like seriously we drink a lot
I just have to say it - what the fuck have americans elected?
Well, institutions here (Slovakia) are sometimes solving 10 year old case, so most likely not, or something i am not aware of.
And comparing FT with Kamsamalskaya Pravda and its little frankestein monsters it spawned all over the place?
First of all, Old Town is really beautiful and the best Bratislava can offer
Anyways - we don't openly discuss the details of our sex-life (pretty regular - sometimes a few times a week, sometimes we go a week without), but we're not like pretending not to, even though my family is catholic
It was a huge problem in the early stages of monarchy since most of them didn't speak hungarian so communication with Hungarian nobility and the king was complicated
Isn't Flanders Fields Canadian
PiS will just rumble for a while and then they will cool down.
The shop on main street
I meant that the elections happened after all of the listed events and still the parties that were on that course got elected.
if the name has only one version, ti can be given for both boys and girls, if the name has feminine and masculine version, they must be given accordingly to boys and girls
TatraTea is only a very recent brand and I feel it still needs some time to gain more recognition worldwide
I am the only person I know who writes "Ƶ". I just like it that way
Both are used a lot
Sure, but if you live like a king for 30 years who cares if your last 5 minutes are shit.
Hmmmm, what do you have to say about your history with your Armenian neighbors
I would also nominate Petrzalka, although it's getting better
Well, you'd be able to find people defending Orbán IRL in Slovakia as well, of all places
Secondly, your mom is literally **the** stereotype
Following your isles discussion as a central European I am like wtf
How minorities seamlessly integrated into the society.
If I wasn't interested I simply downloaded some summary on the net and read that or watched a movie/theatre adaptation if available
That is just as monocultural as ever, they just adopted the american attitude that more skin colors= more different cultures, which is absolutely cancerous.
Slovakia has one of these too
In bigger stations we have specialized counters for “International routes” where they speak English
Well, polling in that case just asked who would voters vote for if Bayrou wouldnt stand.
So i am pretty pro-masses i guess, i fully support helping the ones who struggle
Nice
It's like that doofus has some special, distinguishable type of speech
This figure means that, in absolute terms, Spain has benefited more than any of the other 27 EU member states, just ahead of Italy.
Also lots of former maffia members, tax dodgers and stuck up people with fancy cars
If you have to shorten it, call it Czechia and be prepared for the wrath from a lot of Czechs.
So if you are not a worker, you will become a worker
In Slovakia, you can pretty much camp anywhere except national parks.
In the end it's another chunk of wood to the brewing cauldron that is Erdogan, if he wants he can let the refugees the EU is paying him to hold to resume the massive migrations to Greece.
Is it a guy you are married to by any chance
And none of the (real) political parties you have on offer support mass immigration.
"Tam, kde sa chodia vrany obracať" - Where crows turn back
If its not him and Bild just started a hunt on some random guy, editor-in-chief should face criminal charges.
9 lmfao
There were ambitions in different times for both Russia and Europe.
If you come from low income families you can apply for social stipendium
Well thats a credible source if I have ever seen one.
Does it
Afaik there is an EU wide law requiring restaurants to provide tap water for free
Its the drinking and sheep
I know right ? Can't even get drunk in Kauflands liquor section anymore
I've been there a few days ago and it seemed like all the time
Love this, I actually think Poland, Germany and BeNeLux will be the new generation of black metal
This is a bait for us to click on the video and get Rick-Rolled
You have sneaky car
Yes nobody would defend you, but also nobody is going to attack you.
Well do you have neonazis sponsored by USA or china in your country?
[ in Slovakia we are using long system like you
Man, I hope they slip to single digits
Your comment is totally wrong..
there is a straight line through all the city
But the neutral is not really a problem, because, for example, the word "girl" (dievča) or "baby" (dieťa) is gramatically neutral too
Definitely not enough in Slovakia
But thats not going to happen as well, example USA.
I have never known that Germans occupied German speaking countries, seems weird to me
Simply unimaginable, yet seems like the reality for Greenland.
Now all they have is a bloated national pride coming from the tripple myth of the eternal polish victim, the eternal polish hero of europe and the eternal superiority of poland over everyone else (strange how that one can work together with myth one of being the constant victim of supposedly inferiors).
^^/s
Would you take him with few km2 of Slovak land?
As a Slovak, I can't imagine 2 languages being even closer without being just dialects of one language
It is the same like when some tv like bbc upload video on IT and it is only available in UK
O.k , but you said Western Europe - and Germany, Sweden, Austria are top 3 countries.
right
And that's not even mentioning Turkey's long standing beef with Greece and occupation of Cyprus and *Cyprus'* view on the whole thing.
the very nature of protests is to draw attention, he did, if it werent for that meme i would never know anything other than what bbc would tell about them
Červený kameň has very impressive ones; some are also beneath the Nitra castle but they are accessible only on special occassions, once or twice a year (btw
you get the idea, I'd go with Košice, a beautiful city, the second largest in Slovakia (with a population of 250,000, compared to the 450,000 of Bratislava)
Maybe you should have sticked with Merkwürdigliebe, it got so confusing with Marvel these days
Obviously I simplified
I hate the fact how much Germany profits from all new EU countries, but it's our mistake, we have to improve our countries in the first place.
Ukraine has just been unlucky to be requesting visa-free access at same time.
So generally iys believed women like it warmer and 23 is perfect for us because our bodies retain heat differently
Thanks to energy saving lamps and better insulated "passive" housing projects, the electricity consumption per capita is going down as well, so hopefully we are on a right track
Strip is just full of people and lots of gambling
Also you can't camp near some important water sources.
Not really
Anyways relations with Czechia are best than ever
The journalists name was Kuciak, and the current guy whos voice records are being investigated today is Kočner if anyone is interested
In 40ties overtaken by the axis powers
The fact that you were 8 then and you still remember it like it was recently does not mean it's not a long time
Can lowkey talk about anything with anyone but isn't good at anything in particular
Even young people had hard time at reception in b and b.
I remember that we invaded Poland so well that Kraut told us to slow down
Im wondering which prepaid carrier in Poland is the best for travelling, I will primarily be that Zakopane but will also go to Slovakia for a little while.
Does it include minorities, or we talk foreign language
Are you serious
What is the annual budget of Ireland?
Try not to think of the beautiful square borders.
No it should be voluntary, you can t just enforcd your will and import people to countries that don t want them and where huge majority of population is against it.
It does not sound very pacifistic
Will a [map of undernourished people] in the world do?
Sometimes when I walked home from a pub, I had police car stop by and ask me if I wanted a lift
Yes
And these cheap AF prices are usually in smaller pubs outside capital city where wages are low and there is usually only one bartender
Mic is it pronounced like microphone?
Bulgarians are Slavic but yeah
Was that eastern values that "convinced" a part of Germany to run a different kind of show?
> but sadly vast majority of czechoslovaks still wanted communists in charge
Furthermore, AC units use quite a lot of electricity and are responsible for many of those peaks
When someone says that we are upper Hungary
Having a Master’s degree there is no big deal
Heh, this is actually pretty common conspiracy with some differences within countries/ethnicities
Also a way to distinguish, I heard of children who have one pair of grandparents that speak Hungarian call them by the Hungarian name for grandma and grandpa
Positive view on immigrants from : Serbia, Ukraine, Russia
1918 Czechoslovakia for the win
I am totally playing it to my kid one day
This is almost every country
>Slažem se, češki i slovački su vrlo razumni jezici, nikad se nisam svađao sa njima
Try Brno
I pleasure you meet
Militarised country with bad economy and a strong leader.
This thread is based on sci fi so no reason to say what you can do with unlimited power.
I have Hungarian, German and Jewish ancestors only three generations back, which is nothing unusual if you consider history of Bratislava.
Yes, thats pretty suspicious behaviour, what was she planning
I mean yeah they dont write in book that HATE HUNGARY/HUNGARY BAD, obviously
People in bigger cities still carry weapons (not all of them of course, but way much more than in UK for example)
If you eat schnitzel with rice or with potatoes
He is the epitome of mafia and corruption
Ugh, do you mean Slovenia
Nope
The worst problem with them is that they want to sort of cut ties with EU and cooperate with Russia more, but since even Russia criticize him, they won't cooperate, leading our country to be alone for the first time (excluding V4)
So maybe that counts
That's if I'm not mistaken a Medieval innovation, just a natural change in languages
Oh, they don't join cause then they can't invade whoever they want
To me its kinda wasteful and not very ecological
In our family it's kind of all over the place
Not again
Not even mad
Then how can he be a PM If he is technically a foreigner
As most of Slovak Roman-Catholic church.
Like Zochem or like Kochem
Does hard Brexit mean that financial center is moving to continental Europe ?
Migrants
If communism has to be totalitarian (which i believe is the case at current state of human evolution), then that implies that it will become totalitarian and the government will act this way
cz is great though, I use it in the US too
Just google "polish death camp database".
Back in July/August I went on a TopDeck tour of Eastern Europe (Hungary, Romania, Poland, Slovakia & Czech Republic).
Yeah that long nice road
There is quite a high rate of qualified slovaks each year who decide to move out because they hate the system
Pretty much the same over here, if only there was another slovakia with a sea bordering austria and hungary
Not again
Why's my boy Slovakia shaking
I am watching US elections very carefully and it is amazing that America ended up with those 2 people.
While that might be the case, it's still worth it for the seller
Lobotomized dickhead with speech impairment Kotleba is another example of an imbecile misinterpreting history
The decrease is surprisingly invisible - new houses, shops and facilities have been built during these years, they don't seem to be in decline overall
Back then, feudalism was pretty much a hardcore capitalism
We call you Gruzínsko so Gruzia
Pictures of Jesus, church promotions
Igor Matovič (Slovak PM) posted on his Facebook recently, that he had met Merkel in Brussels and she had been able to tell him "Ďakujem za kvety
Go there and ask the people there
[as you can see in this post]
Even when wedding celebrations were banned people went to Poland to have wedding parties
Not really metal, but the Finnish neofolk band Nest does use kantele as one of the main instruments
>Im not saying all muslims are bad but from what Ive seen and experianced, the number of violent extremists is much higher among immigrant population then for example domestic muslim population
Well there is the Principality of Nitra before it became a part of the Great Moriavia and technically since Nitra was perhaps the most important city in the Great Moravia, as it was the seat of the most important ruler and the culture was spread from there, one could argue that the Great Moravia was more "Slovak" than "Czech," never mind that there weren't any Czechs, Moravians or Slovaks at that time so it actually was neither Slovak, nor Czech nor Moravian entity.
Century ago the hungarian name was Poszony, slovak name was Prešporok and german name was Pressburg.
We had german minority here, but never majority.
In front of the ruler, tiny maine stands,
The "someone's Slovakia" meme is funny.
Depends who and how
Especially the last two presidents, it we had different ones, we would be most likely on the same route Poland and Hungary are at the very moment
EU should just ban it
That is quite interesting, because we have direct presidential elections since forever and we always managed to pick up someone okayish
Not even news sites
When it comes to Slovakia, that map indicates when Slovaks buy property on their own
I cant imagine living in a country where there are groups of people thats sole purpose is to discriminate a group of people.
These lands, those proud mountain walls,
Jesus Christ, no
Europe in its frenze didnt for decade pay attention to its own internal security.
> shows missing coolness
Well I would expect our neighbours to be able to name at least 3 cities
We have something similar with “mladý” or “mladej” in a dialect
I think those words are synonyms in this case
In my village we can use the bus and the train to go to the closest town, which is also connected directly to the capital by bus and train
I'm glad there was no violence involved, things like that can get very messy very soon
There is not such large difference between Warsaw and rest as between Moscow and rest of the country.
Wasn't China also allowed
Outside of the parliamet, but important:
I can't tell how large this statue is
It would render to German as "unterficken". I don't know how clearly I put it, but if one thinks in some blend of Slovak and English, it just fits perfectly
Modern politics are a result of WWII.
This applies to the dishonest ones of course
Czechs (will not comment on Slovakia as I do not live there) simply don't have any positive attitude, tend to be petty and cynical.
" pop-out, just wtf is on that list
Its just another language
Would you be accepted as Japanese?
They'll adapt
Unfortunately, especially post-1848, Hungarians started to force Hungarian identity as the only state-approved identity
I mean they had a referendum about it a few years ago
I use the train for short trips to places that are closer to me (Florence, Rome, Venice...).
Well at least they often make them look sexi
Well, we're not better than Poland or the Czech Republic or even Slovakia
I think PPS is more relevant here, since it is a better estimation of living standards in respective countries.
This post made me miss karaoke so much, and thats something I havent done in years
Good
Where is the whining agency going to be moved after they are out ?
I would probably drown in the Morava river while smuggling
Plus their personality is like mine
Don't worry about it
In Slovak, you can tell quite a lot with a simple “noo…”
Hello Passport seller I am going on vacation and I want your strongest passports
My partner actually is from the area, so I fortunately do know what the flags of Slovenia and Slovakia look like.
Old habits die hard but maybe the edu system is really failing as well
Tria
Therefore I think this could be a reason why we understand each other a little better
That is a result of mordor in a soul.
Are they going to change their careers or what
Now, if you're a connoisseur like me and don't like to drink cheap shit, it's an unspoken rule to not drink from my fancy Honey Jack Daniels at least not without my approval
Just to reiterate how awesome and influential Skansen museum is, the Slovak word for any open-air museum is "Skanzen".
Say when he said it and on what occasion.
*"Minister is accompanied by Dutch police out of Rotterdam.
If it's all very familiar, then why does independent Slovakia exist?
But the Baltics and Slovakia are.
(Kill them
So if you want to compare NZ to some countries in Europe, choose Cyprus or Malta
Wait, I am sure there is a Czech song about them
* rite (plural of the word **ass**)
Hard to choose, China, India, Japan, Iran, Brazil would be my top 5 for historical and cultural reasons as countries with unique culture and history, much different to european (obviously Brazil has much european heritage with immigration and being Portuguese colony, but unique in other aspects).
Does anyone stillhave that Macron / Schulz train picture?
I was fortunate to turn it off soon enough
There are quite a lot of dialects in Slovakia considering how small the country is
dont tell trump, cause biden is in grave danger
Its much easier to contain people inside a country that is locked in by the ocean
I am pretty sure even Romania has more.
Here we are in opposite situation (thank god) where street crime is getting better and better year by year
I mean, I understand Czech, but can't for the life of me distinguish the dialects
Every time I think AKP cannot fall any lower, they manage to surprise me.
The Hungarians in the south are satisfied with their position, a lot of Romas live from welfare, so they need the government, we barely know Rusyns exist except of knowing them personally or remembering they celebrate the major holidays later than we are
Visit again
Hm, in Ireland they also have the ban on smoking in pubs and bars, but no law that enforces how far they have to be.
I think " stvrdnúť " (to get hard) is the most extreme example, at least based on my personal research
It would be great to have ancestry option in census in Europe with ongoing immigration it would make sense to have more american way of enumerating people for census purposes
Well, I'm talking about public transportation of a single city
Veverička (as you've probably noticed) has similar form in many other languages and that's because it's derived from proto-indo european reduplication of root 'wer', meaning 'to turn'
Compared to many other countries I've been to, we seem to be mostly unwelcoming, albeit not all of course
And our lack of PDA in some places IN Europe
I don’t know if you can buy a monthly ticket on your CC but you can get a contactless “oyster” card for that and I believe contactless is a better technology than magnetic cards (magnetic cards can be demagnetized and then they need to be repaired
Englishman, Irishman and a Scot have a round together, when three flies fall into their beers
Getting out of the bed in the morning was an effort
Managed by Communist party it included remains of other political parties and also e.g.
Lets not insult fedora tipping virgins.
I just read something about that and pit it on my to go list of Czech rep
I like how it looks :P
I'd love to know what's Macron really made of and reading a tldr (biased as it is) from a native is a lot less time consuming than browsing news in a language I don't understand
There is that, but many suddenly have feeling that their farts smell like raspberries.
Prievidza
Corruption
i Visit from Portugal: Spain, France, Ireland, UK, Italy, Austria, Chechia, Slovakia, Croatia, Sweden, Finland,Estonia and Malta
Freedom of choice and right to refuse doesn't say anything about freedom from consequences
Didn't know that they taught Spanish in Slovakia.
If the original countries had set this condition for Slovakia, Hungary, Romania etc., that would have been great and I think a lot of the problems we've had could have been solved back then.
PPP is quite questionable method, but there is no doubt the US is better place to live in with much more job opportunities and more relaxed people who don't behave like two faced beasts.
Although my country (Slovakia) does not recognize Kosovo (and I agree with this position because of our relations with Serbia and some separatist tendencies in our country in the past) I respect the will of your people and congratulate you to this anniversary :)
People wear what they want
The word "Gift".
From outside it literally looks like some tribal wars in africa
the word robot is czech
Bratislava- liberal youth, Asian immigrants (usually Vietnamese and Chinese) owning either an ethnic restaurant or a shop with very cheap products, junkies who usually gather in Pentagon, very snobbish people, rich gold diggers obssesser with plastic surgeries, hipsters, horrible traffic
Again virtual, nothing saying, misleading GDP numbers, why do they still making these rankings ?
This would work only with redistribution of wealth so most of the proponents were socialists.
I cannot recall when I saw a city with such a large section of town walls being preserved.
North Africans are clearly different/Arabs and Berbers are not black....
(we were like 12 kids who took the ethics classes :D ) But I find this subject rarely discussed, people dont seem to mind one way or another.
Terrible signage
Phew, I thought you were going to choose Bratislava xd
Slovaks have no muslim terrorism as well.
You aren't real Slovakians, are you?
Czech and Slovak crowns in 1993 started 1:1, but soon Sk was devalued to 1,1 SKK to CZK
I can think only about Hungarian sounding / spelled names and surnames which indicates that the person is from the south of Slovakia
Igor Matovič (Slovak PM) posted on his Facebook recently, that he had met Merkel in Brussels and she had been able to tell him "Ďakujem za kvety
(Slovakia) I'd make it the rainbow LGBTQ flag - I'm not even gay, I'd just love to mess with the bigots and homophobes that make up a large portion of the population here
I would say they are as similar as Czech to Slovakian
Well, we have railway police at most of the stations and fines for disrespecting it are pretty high so I next to never saw anyone doing it here, especially when they can smoke outside the stations just few meters away with no risk of fine.
So yes, communism has really sent countries down the drain.
why is your country Prague
6 months is quite a bit of time though, I wouldnt assume anything, governments have quite a bit of leverage and can offer insane deals to the private sector (hello Slovakia), so we will see.
If shit hits the fan (heh), imma just wash my ass, whats the big deal
"prosím" (please), + surname
If he had a white socks in sandals, everyone would be ok with it, though.
Anyway, I personally, have no problems with Hungarians
Cathedral in Košice
Well that I didn't expect
The russian money didn't do it on it's own, he had to have enough votes
Secondly - the EU as a whole works better if it is the tandem (Fra-Ger) calling the shots and not just Germany.
I would prolly kill myself if I were in France
It only happened to me in London
And if you are shopping in Switzerland, you can get one neat shirt from vietnamese market for that pricetag.
Yes very normal
When someone thinks Slovakia and Slovenia is the same country
However, I don't see Spain ever recognising Kosovo because of their own problems.
Let's say we wouldn't earn a high place, if someone decided to rank countries by their general tolerance
To be fair I am not fan of cooking, but I do it when I have to I just don't enjoy it
(I know it's Slovakia, I checked) So I am wodering- how do you call yourselves, each other and all Slavic people.
Edit: Just to give you a hint, Farage would've been put to jail for thought-crimes in the ČSSR, if not killed.
If you truly want to piss us off, make Slovakia part of Hungary
Then people finally got pissed at the politics, a new, wide coalition of pro western parties got elected in 1998.
I've been to Tallinn for one day, BTW, and that's pretty much everything I know about Estonia
I love Spacelab
I have 100% success rate recognizing a Finn by his english accent
He grabbed defeat from jaws of victory.
Czech Republic and Slovakia are chock full of castles, every town seems to have one, from grim medieval fortresses to 18th century palaces.
I dont like meat pies
You are richer and have more immigrants (those from ex-Yugo), but yes similar in other fields, i guess in most post communist countries it is similar how corrupted we are.
They can just do the same as VW.
From what I've been told and personally experienced for myself, it looks like Slovakia became poorer after the fall of communism and dissolution of Czechoslovakia.
It's a complete dystopia at times
What do you mean "republic of china"? Mainland China is not republic, rather postcommunist dictatorship
It's often the behaviour, body language (or even bad smell) how you recognise a "gypsy" on the street
Okay so you've got from a hateful constitution and being slaves for 150 years to a legit historical document of the Declaration from 1918
For Slovakia two words are enough: "Upper Hungary
Easy right
Especially if its something as German, Japanese and English combo
Maaan, would love to be there rn
It is easy to remember Polish "dziękuję", because it's what Borat says in his fake Kazakh
* no (informal yes)
Also - Slovakia: When you try to avoid copyright infringement by coloring the earth blue, even if it only makes sense in an Eiffel 65 song.
Anyway, [here] the part when the radio host reads the PM a fresh announcement made by Sulík, that he won't speed up the process of purchase of rapid antigen tests, as requested
The first impact of the actual Brexit will be barriers set up by the dissolution of trade agreements, severing of suppliers' chains which won't be profitable anymore, closing of branches that become redundant and so on.
But instead they wanted to control Polish territory and manpower, so they decided to invade Poland under a false pretense of offering help and murder the elite
Also president has mostly representative function, but has some power, her/she is the highest chief of army, can veto law, gives amnesties, names judges etc
I also liked the sound of Latvian
Anything with liver in it
Looks enormous
There are some in Edinburgh too
And even the language barrier is fading away with youth speaking reasonably good english pretty much everywhere in europe
Can't imagine how terrifying that would be
Same thing happening in Bratislava and it was about time
EDIT: For all the fellow communism fans, i feel like i have to mention this: "Me personally, i a fan of capitalism with strong social safety net, for example like scandinavian countries". Also i do believe that as time will progress there will be more and more orientation toward bigger social safety net, and at some point in the future some form of universal basic income will be established, when food production, housing etc
Good, now we can see how full of shit these online campaigns have been
Hungary, Slovakia and **Czech**
They know very well what rights they have, just forgot that they have responsibilities as well.
love from slovakia our Slavic brothers, hopefully entire europe will soon prosper together
But pay no mind to those people
>Vaše reči izgledaju tako čudno, previše akcenata i 'y'.
But it is hard to tell if the federation would last until today.
Scotland alone wouldn't have the kind of clout to negotiate an opt-out from the euro.
All our problems with corruption, low investment in education, detoriorating healthcare and untrustworthy judiciary are going to be solved by cuts?
There is no real improvement in our lives GDP (ppp) grows, living standard stagnates.
I use English everyday when I’m online, I watch everything in English, I used to attend international - English high school and now I have a few lectures in English in college plus most of my friends are from foreign countries and I talk to them daily
international law, international treaties by which it is bound, and its other international
Yes, especially on the Hungarian channels
The byzantine double cross has been use since the at least 1100s, and appeared on coins as well.
If the problems are rampant, the money can even be withheld preventively :
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
I'm asking because by my standards, at the age of 25 at latest, one should be able to swear in most European languages including Finnish, and not feel too special about that
breakfast - frištik - from German "Frühstück"
In Slovakia, all government buildings, courts, schools etc.
because i am pretty sure she could just buy out hungarian police on the spot (to some degree), people were actually pleasantly surprised, when she went into jail and didnt manage to just get out with probation or something like that
When he remembers he exists during hockey season, Finland likes him for some reason
I have to have everything in original for some reason
(V4) for not letting in immigrants and generally people that arent compatibile with our view in massive ammounts.
now why overcomplicate it, we'd be Slovenkia and the only thing standing in the way of this happening is Austria tbh, but we're willing to embrace them and their developed infrastructure
The assembly line basically
The breakup is a big controversy
I do not even live in the UK and I totally see something like this incoming, Daily Mail: *Immigration exodus begun!
[This song] came out only few months ago but it had awesome reviews and I personaly really like it
What if you don't want ice
I assure you Slovakia also has tourist traps to offer but again, they are eclipsed by the Ukrainian
People also sometimes bring their older relatives to live with them
People started wearing it like that here too after it got hot
I just look at [official data] and there are 993 municipalities in Slovakia with 1,000 inhabitants or more.
So sorry, I will proclaim this report as bullshit because other data are even more obscure.
So what
The translator must have been freaking out
Ah shit, here we go again
Our parliament; most memes here are aimed at politicans
In terms of people moving around, you can easily compare EU countries to US states
Imo, Horkýže Slíže - Váňa z Vorkuty ; Gleb - Motorest
If you are a new driver dont endanger people around you and drive safely
Obviously Habsburgs ruled over Hungary, but it is not the same as being integral part od either Germany or Austria.
Read this:
Says the train that has no breaks!
Why are there so many children missing in Hungary and Slovakia?
Haha funny language
Especially as there are much better places there
The first lock down happened because people were scared of the virus that no one really experienced much here
Most Poles I've met actually hardly knew Bratislava and nothing else from Slovakia
We used to call it the beggar's beer considering the price, and IMO it tasted beery enough to us at the time
Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia
There's this good one I ~~stole~~ borrowed from the movie "Lives of Others"
* You (pl
If you have ice in your drink, or some fruits or herbs, then straw is helpful
You could not get a cider, everyone drank crappy beer, there was very little European chocolate, everything was very 1980s even in late 2000s. This has changes, majorly
:) have a nice day our little and always better brother
Who is considered the closest neighbor to Hungary
The city of Odessa, Ukraine, has a vast and fascinating network of catacombs as well
read about that, im not saying he wasnt trying to do a good thing, its still funny however, even edl thought so, they used to play a youtube remix of that guy
(Maybe due to being so close
Daaamn, I once want to go to a karaoke where people will be willing to listen to me sing Kraftwerk
Clearly Finland provoked it
No because I was in a sports class and we bypassed these classes for more training
Police didn't post his picture, though.
I agree that he might not hate people from such big countries like Hungary or Slovakia, but there's this neighboring country with small population and laughably tiny economy that he does not like very much.
It's the case in Slovakia or Hungary.
Czech and Slovak are so similar we understand each other
okay, but what about masks bulgaria
The truth is we really don't have such a close ally like you have Slovakia.
I got DCC questions sometimes even if I’m using non-Revolut EUR card in another EUR paying country
There are
Prussia and Germany overall before the world wars
Too bad no government anywhere agrees with me.
Not typos but I am not sure how to call it.
And even during communism Czechoslovakia could have achieved much with their "Socialism with human face" if not for the Warsaw pact and USSR ofc
Turns out they're not quite as
It is pretty much the same thing over here with holand, i cant see how this is going to change
If not, why
Slovakia was also only country that paid Nazi Germany to export Jews into death camps
Modern international law is a direct result of WWII.
*Bača* - Basically our version of cowboy/rancher
it is really hard to explain
You were also the most liberal country back during the Soviet era
What do Americans place more importance on, compared to us
So after Bratislava was "ethnically cleansed" (expulsion kind not murder kind) there was an agreement with Hungary to swap people
I don't think I know such people personally, but antivax and all sorts homeopathy (or bleach solutions and that BS) is getting popular especially on social medias
So, if you sit somewhere in US and wants to order Spagetti, Lasagne, Ravioli, Rigatoni, Tortellini, Linguine, Penne, Pappardelle, Elbows, Farfalle
Slovakia is #1 exporter of cars per capita in the world
He died in 1984
Hungary for being a cautionary tale (in politics) and teaching us delicious food
Its all a real mix of ethnics really, which is why nationalism is another joke for this part of Europe.
Milan Rastislav Stefanik for the first republic of CZSK
And it's also Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden's money.
Black cat crosses your way = Spit 3 times on a ground or a VERY bad event happens
Now it's even worse knowing that they even don't doubt about it
>Horst, Herbert, Jürgen
It's no France or Italy, but we have some lesser-known wineyard areas that are considered premium good
Not common but most of people dont care bout other peoples hairstyles
British cinema itself is great and diverse, from romantic stuff to great blackhumour comedies to dramas to even horror films
Unbearably
Ah you mean that protest on support of Erdogan?
Marseilles would be great
That reminded me publishing of email address of councillor in Aberdeenshire after long article ranting that he rejected Trump's plan for golf course.
Yes 100% .... we write as we speak and read as it’s written
It's being built since 1972 and it's still maybe 65 % only done ?
no roadtrip this time, but your advice have been saved, we've discussed going by car to Slovakia a few times, guess well do something like that next summer.
How dare you
> Gun owners, at least in the Czech republic, are often better trained than the police
That could've taken a toll on our identity, which was admittedly pretty fragile
Till then we were all Hungarians or more specifically inhabitants of Hungarian kingdom and nobody really cared what language you use
Besides , Great Moravia fell apart upon Svatopluks death
But pay no mind to those people
Jokes aside, I completely understand what you're saying
It's just an unapologetic bop, best for summer parties
That's impossible to say right now, but I'd be surprised if everyone had to leave.
Also here if something goes down, police shoot (they even carry an attack rifle in their car if i am not mistaken), in UK they can blow their whistle and pray for the best
After the constitutional reform in 1968 which established a federation, the separationist sentiments in Slovakia were lower that ever.
"to je pre mňa španielska dedina" - it is a spanish village to me (meaning i cant understand that at all)
jk :)
My theory is it's about national pride and stability
Again
So it's official here in Slovakia, now the UK can finally send back all of those 60.000 Slovaks who are "working" and working in the UK.
But his main idea is full fiscal union which will have also trnasfer union included.
I lived in a capital city and definitely never wanted to have a car there
But when I’m just interested in something I prefer Slovak or Czech one, because sometimes I’m lazy to read in English and translate words I don’t know xD
Turns out poor people with few opportunities in the conventional job market are more likely to become criminal.
With pingu and moomins and tin tin
Well those are it then
I used to box (like the sport) and still dont understand that the same way that all the boxers from the gym just didnt get it
I would like to travel abroad for summer(june-august) and find there a job as well.
Definitely bullshit
Fascinating that you, georgia and greece are so close together, yet have completely unique writing systems
Andy's foundation based in New York is represented in Slovakia by the author company LITA
Maybe it would comfort them that there is no German city on the route at all
The best kind of humour
There are machines where you can buy tickets next to all bigger bus-stops
Poland is east germany and west russia.
" The National Council declares that in the name of the Czech-Slovak nation living within the borders of Hungary, only it is entitled to speak and act
National uprising bros, again
Even though his results in pre-election surveys weren't great, his voters showed up in much higher numbers, as opposed to voters of other parties.
With our reservers of mineral water
People have different opinions, to be sure.
Central regions- folk-oriented and sheep-fucking rednecks with funny accents, former neo-Nazis, very religious, a lot of caves and forests
We also cant use some english words in slovak
There's really no refugees in Slovakia.
The thing is, the coffe bar culture that we have in Europe, especially is some countries that take it to perfection as France and Italy, they don't really have it
The point I wanted to make is that the "common" history of Slovaks and Czech isn't exceptionally long, considering that we shared longer history with all the nations of Hungarian Kingdom (like Croats) than with Czechs
It's a pity we switched to Latin version.
Always look on both sides of the coin
I still trust him more than I trust any of the slovak politicians.
Valencia - Nice - Venice - Prague - Košice
They are usually filled with [apricots] or plums or strawberries, but I have seen some with just a jam and/or "tvaroh" (like cottage cheese)
The France-Germany shift that could reboot the zombie euro
When foreigners think we are still Czechoslovakia or we speak Russian
I prefer Ikarus 435 and 415 but this is very nostalgic
In my home country, Slovakia, people tend to answer honestly
Wow, this has been really interesting to read and I’ve definitely learned a lot
Wahhabi saudi mosques are generaaly rejected by population.
Amen, brother
What are they protesting agaist
I’m a healthcare marketing manager and my husband is a software engineer
Is it a4 avant, a6 avant or skoda superb combi
That they get worse results in elex than in polls?
Cloverleaf intersection
You have to take an exam from a foreign language (B1 or B2 usually) in order to graduate from high school
Pretty much the same over here, if only there was another slovakia with a sea bordering austria and hungary
For if you decide on the new, you forget the old and you keep the old there is no new
Seriously, why aren't such progressive people as Danes protesting against animal cruelty
What a coincidence
Are you portrayed horrible
Above 15C I usually don't care about wind conditions and I just wear short sleeves automatically
I hope Dutch show Brussel is much better
That was set in Slovakia, IIRC.
If there was a referendum in the nineties, the split would probably not have happened.
This makes me worried as a Slovakian.
Where the embassy is located, emergency numbers and so on
And they should switch to "ananas", "beton" and "gepard" too
Including from other Soviet Republics, but most were Russian
> Another debate is wether those small breads are called
It is not even the local language in all of Slovakia.
Our media are that kind of people that would write about this or do programmes and documents all the time if this would be a problem.
It's not the East block in the 80's anymore, everyone have at least some kind of labeled clothing
Zápach (bad smell) and Vôňa (good smell) have opposite meanings
I am usually amazed if they heard anything beyond Bratislava
Are they going to switch to full on propaganda and celebrate the glorious leader or are they going to mock biden now, or are they going to just disappear
I'm wondering why he considers Germany and Austria as in Central Europe (another video) but Poland, Czech Rep.
That would be enough to properly demonstrate it :D
69€.
Poland or Russia or Czech Republic or Slovakia or Belarus...
But most people do speak, as have capacity to speak, belarussian.
If there is someone on 20-30 and doesnt understand english at all, it is strange, at least as far as i know
There was a couple of articles about "archfederalist" few years back.
Part 2
Rest in peace
Even if Germany and France ramped up their military spending to 5% of their respective GDP each, it wouldn't have the effect which only a truly united EU can have.
yep, same here heh
So do you believe LSNS and Smer-SD are pro Kremlin?
Accordi gto many foreigners I met, I aparently live there.
I think that the public opinion on this case in slovakia might be even stronger because of who she is
Is he the same guy from Death Stranding
Western Europe is richer, they have families there or diaspora communities, welfare system is also 20x better in some cases and so on.
Hmmm, I do not know about that if we have good duck meat or chicken meat, because I am so used to it
Actually, often they are just called extra counties of Hungary.
During that week the vast majority of people lost any kind of illusions about communism or socialism and and went into total political lethargy
I am proud that I was born in Europe and can call myself European Citizen
I have never seen you guys in here, hello
Long-term therapy of disconnection from internet, radio, TV and general human surrounding could help.
Day when CSSD, ANO, KDU-CSL and TOP09 will support EU exit, my ass will be used and royal cup at Thai royal court.
Translation is the same as in English except there's added knees and toes line
Im pretty sure this was when he was informed of the German invasion, not the fall of Kiev
Few months ago, a journalist and his bride were murdered
I am not really into drunk groups of guys shouting at me as I walk home
Anton Bernolák - first successful codification of the Slovak language
That's the moment I became a true American tourist (am from Slovakia but living stateside) and I was so embarrassed, but it gave us another hour of being able to sight see on our own and buy some marzipan, which was mediocre and tourist trappy in its own right
They're making some very people and pedestrian friendly choices, which I love
I've noticed that some general electronics stores have one guy dedicated to watch for potential apple customers
They are party members who are fully political nominations.
You should check out the Czech translation for Harry Potter, it is interesting at the least
refusing to contribute anything
We both still have our residence addresses at my mother's house, even though we live in a completely different town than her for 5+ years now
That is kindaa an ignorant view
That is 100% the same situation, perfectly described
Imagine how I look when I see this word being in hungarian dictionary
Do you have any recommendations
(They are in the same party) Then there are the extremists
The first one is tad russophobic that wants to establish belarussian as only officially recognized language of country and such and such.
Majority of out traditions are not in any way connected to Russians
What do you think will happen in Poland?
Plus there are benefits for companies in having the same currency as most of the biggest EU players a there are benefits for travel or even shopping abroad for citizens since there are no exchange rates.
There is no real conflict here.
The red colour is supposed to attract the look
And oh look the three most notorious tax havens of the EU are the wealthiest countries aswell, what a coincidence ...
that’s the the stereotype I see the most, told mostly by people from here, which is quite funny since this is also said about Germany, Ireland, The UK, Czechia, Russia,.... like every other country
any source on the GCHQ targeting journalists?
Have higher suicides rates than Czech Republic, Slovakia or Latvia isnt something normal
English was very hard for me when I started with it (around the age of 8) up to maybe age of 16-17
In fact, we have two Slovakias.
It is not bound to any ideology or religion
There are some regular flights going to Bratislava airport (from London, Manchester, Edinburgh, Birmingham, Doublin, Kyev, Milan, Moscow, Rome, Sofia), but the best is to fly to Vienna Schwechat airport (has much more connections than BTS airport) and go to Bratislava by a bus or taxi (it's less than one hour journey from the airport - Schwechat airport serves both Vienna and Bratislava)
So yes, the central government does make the effort to do that
What does the question mean
Very often you see in the news that Macron says this or Macron says that
Something tells me this is going to happen also with Matovič very soon
(Mainly the Euronet network seen in multiple countries but some local ones as well (seen in some local banks in HU and CZ))
In slovak a dragon is "drak" but funny enough the paper kite kids fly in autumn we call "šarkan". This way we can differentiate them
On the edge of camp, the Emperor on golden chair,
The fact that we split from Czechia a **long** time ago
I randomly discovered it while searching for German songs
Jesus Shit, that is Erdogan level of speeches.
Electing Vladimír Mečiar in 1990s. Even today some scandals are echos of a situation he created
Oh yes, sheep fleece would be a great pick too
Just search for studies focusing on community spread rather than individual protection
He was protesting in the town square when Hungarian tanks rolled in, blocking their way tankman style when one of them opened their hatch, aimed his SMG at him screaming "Im gonna mow you down like a dog"
What do you mean by fluently though
Europeans work to live, Americans live to work
Including Hungary: Hungary, Slovakia, Austria, Croatia, Italy, Germany, Spain, Vatican city, UK, also went through Slovenia by bus during the night when going to Italy, not sure if that counts
Countries that used to be in the Habsburg Monarchy were never truly ethnically homogeneous.
oh germany
Sometimes you can even pay online, using an app or a site, but these sites are usually a bit clunky in my opinion (except for RegioJet, which works, but it's just badly designed)
Henceforth, I shall call my toiler a "serník".
It's portion control, my diet past two months was pizza, burger and fries and I still lost weight because I was under 2k calories
This was mainly to prevent deflation
Mach a Sebestova > Mezga family
Also the bars are the beaches as Venice, long beach or Ocean or Pacific beach have some nice bars, but funny thing when you want to sit down and just enjoy it, you get constantly bothered by the server who either wants you to order a lot or get off because more customers means more tips
In uk knifes are illegal per se, but police can do pretty much nothing about it, because everyone ha so many rights
Kippis
Polish Zubrowka was created probably in the evening of the 6th day (judging by the claim God had to rest on the 7th)
Did you just admit that you simply hate EU for no reason, as you said that you don't want it to get weaker, you don't want it to remain the same and you don't want it to get stronger?
It can also get a bit uncomfortable between Czechs and Slovaks when discussing the Czechoslovak partition and Slovak "independence" after the Munich Betrayal
Agreed
i think pretty much everyone can
Romanticism, 19th century
>Sunt
> our constitution
Sarkozy isnt her nearest rival, for fucks sake.
Hungary - the uter hatred towards hungary is felt thru all of our history books, and our constitution
No other member would like to see that shift.
Forced hungarization on other nationalities, banning and punishing people for using their own language, pushing for assimilation and so on
Also "anonym" reported to the police that the protest organizators are trying to make a coup
For example, there are Korean restaurants in Žilina because there is KIA factory (Korean car producer) and due to that small Korean community lives in the city
Elected Russian puppet leaders or became client states for Putin.
But they got close, very close and West just looked.
France,Italy,Germany,Austria,Andorra,Switzerland,Slovakia,Slovenia,Romania,Bulgaria,Macedonia,Serbia,Greece
Pretty simple, Slovakia is heavily religious, Czechia is not.
Yup, all red, sounds about right
But it's cold :(
Everything was peacefull and calm, no sketchy looking middle eastern men, no african male groups that looks like thugs..
I like that some countries are quantified as a Slovakia measuring unit.
During the school year it takes me 2 hours and 30 minutes to get to the town where I study, but that's not a daily commute
Thanks for reminding me, gotta rewatch
In English it means a present, in German a poison
This is more a European vs Asian difference I'd say
you have some explaining to do
We would put it in a sleeve and pull it out when the teacher wasn't looking
fake
More info, try Google translate though I'm not sure how helpful it'll be with Slovak language
Won't even be finished in 2120
So normal people who want to live in safety build by their predecessors are trolls now.
I have learned a new thing, however having said that, it looks super chaotic (and reminds me a bit of thai), i wish i saw armenian handwriting/cursive, if there is such thing
I remember when I was little I could go to the store with 100SK (about 3
That's actually pretty useful
It would take only 100k german families to fully germanize us
not corrupted government, february's elections give me last hope for a change
) only makes these people run to the west faster ...
That was not my point
Is there perhaps any mention of him massacring the muslim prisoners after conquest of Acre / Akkon ?
Depends
> I dunno I read it on the internet now, it doesnt look like something I read years ago, since that was even written in older language
Also there Austrian royal jewelry
I *love* Slovakia, and hope to return one day, but as a gay man married to another man, the political situation does not permit me to do so in a way that would retain the recognition of my marriage
Poor folks, they just can't tell when we love them.
Everytime I travel anywhere east from Tatra mountains or to the rural central region
Not many that many people live in Burgenland anyway.
Further proof Portugal is Slav, we sometimes eat potato salad mixed with rice with our holiday schnitzel
russia now looks even more gigantic
Or rather syyyyyr
there is a straight line through all the city
The "central Europe" is just an artificial term.
Tartar sauce is the best lol
Not to say there are none currently, but their number would greatly increase.
The interesting part of the history of Europe is about 200 times older.
either people get it or they don't, either they're thickskulled or capable of understanding basic sarcasm
He even had an portable bidet
the other way round
I wondered how would they ever manage to squeeze Russian wheel into Prague squares
there are three decent ones on the European level, the rest range from bad to worse
Slovakia would also prefer it if Czechia did that :)
Visited this summer because I was performing at Gem festival, really loved your country
Not rare to see 15 year olds drinking
Thx for reading till here
You would need Trump in Italy as well.
China is actually starting to decrease its levels and India is on the way.
Hailed as a hero by the Russian media
Im surprised by the fact that we are small country having really big and actually pretty solid rap scene with all kinds of subgenres, one can really choose from our home scene.
I work for a German Automotive company in Bratislava and only the top management speak German, the middle management I'd say 50% and workers close to 0 %.
They piss everywhere, climb on monuments, wear stupid things, are really loud and somehow think they can pick up girls
NZ example is impossible to use when compared to Europe
First, it's Slovaks and not Slovakians.
You were talking about COMMUNISM, not socialism
More like the exact opposite.
obligations
Not being as much corrupted as eastern countries.
Basically you got two ways in which you can study - daily (attending courses every day) or distant (getting materials, self studying it, having courses once in a while e.g. during weekend)
Your inability to read jokes was already established.
Perfect
Not me, but you seem to be ignorant, because Trump said very clearly and openly, you don't spend at least 2% of the GDP on military US will not answer your call in case of conflict.
The only thing we can be gotten on is colonialism.
In cities it's less common than chicken, pork and beef, but it's still that one meat we sometimes eat
The difference between filling cost was 20€ without insurance and 16€ with lul
So if company want an employee, they should either offer more to motivate e.g.
Slovakia=Eastern Europe=racist=Donald Trump
Polish is more distant for us but there are some words we can comprehend and put into a meaning
If I remember correctly, the hard stance came primarily from Finland and Slovakia, not Germany.
Roght, so [Hilary Clinton] is also a Nazi ? Or [Bernie Sanders] ? Or [Hilary] again, or [this girl] ?
No idea why
More like Slovakia hah
Also you can request your house to be blured
of Slovakia we gathered hundreds
We didn't. Don't trust Chinese numbers
Joo, vittukitaristi purilainen
German is comfortably largest language (not counting English obviously).
IN FEBRUARY Zuzana Hlavkova, then an employee at Slovakia’s foreign ministry, came to believe that inflated contracts tied to the country’s presidency of the European Council were being awarded to firms allied with the governing Smer party.
It's all bullshit and rather disgusting
Electing Vladimír Mečiar in 1990s. Even today some scandals are echos of a situation he created
MFW when German calls himself a poor plebe
Bidets and not bothering him
If pandemic erups, system won't cope, no chance of that
I hope for the sake of our planet you are not one of the people drinking bottled water
Geographic stupidity - i am person that is ,,expert on geography,, at least states/cities and so on.
turkey, iran, middle asia, india, china
Yes, i forgot to write this, of course it is still not done, not even close
If I knew how to do what corporations do with their money I would do it too
We have like 200 castles
So does this mean that cat belongs to Scandinavia or that the Scandinavia belongs to cat ?
"Good morning Erich", answers the sun
the only thing someone will learn from it is that you can embezzle 1
But I haven’t heard of any big massacres the Slovaks commited
When I got a chance (in the off season) due to work, I went there
In the first lockdown they did close the borders completely
As we speak our own languages between each other, which is pretty weird when you think about it
The maternity leave is shitty, no normal holydays allowance, the fact you have to pay for having a baby, no additional help
Back then, feudalism was pretty much a hardcore capitalism
The brush with communism
But you ever saw line on women toilet?
Also I am introducing a new tax to help build it since it's only natural that you pay for it since we are building it for you after all.
My boyfriend is from Málaga and I’ve seen things like cutting the lettuce or other vegetables with scissors
Basically they would produce products to expensive and too uninnovative to be a reasonable buy
Like seriously lost two wars, got absolutely anninhalated and now are one of the most prosperous and stable countries worldwide
Those damn Poles
/r/ShitAmericansSay
The Hungarian government is not entitled to this, which for decades has not known more serious tasks, such as suppressing everything that is Slovak, did not build and allow our nation or a single school, did not allow the Slovak people to get into public administration and offices, destroying our people
In democracy, people's rights and liberties are respected, regardless of their ethnic or religious background.
Too bad it didn't make it to the finals
December
Let’s start with legalizing mocking of religion across Europe
Sanctions are clearly economic problem and for what?
Some of us would love to, there are proposals to make it, officially, a M. R. Štefánik remembrance day
If you have a pass, you simply get on and off whenever and wherever you want
Another thing, I have noticed, is that the Czech language is great for puns and jokes.
Weird tho cuz we have lower minimum wage than Slovakia I'm pretty sure
soon you will be able to tell the difference between Beethoven 9th [by Furtwängler] and much more conservative [von Karajan interpretation] ONE OF US!
UKIP was financed by them undirectly, lots of eurosceptic groups here have ties to Kremlin as well
Next to everyone is weighting between these three options - leave, remain as it is or downgrade
Keep hoping
We also guard the Slovak-Ukrainian border (although some will say not very well) and support Ukraine in their fight with Russia over delivering gas through Russian-Ukrainian pipelines to Central Europe
Do you have some information on ethnic Estonians preference for 2nd language?
Now imagine you live in a country where your ancestors have lived before the Magyar tribes even existed, and where you've been a second class citizen since like, 910 anno domini.
Well personally I'm not bothered by it as much
Exactly the same in Slovak
Also, lets not forget how every second american oneastern coast is "irish", because he can quote The Departed.
LA was dirty and full of homelesness and so much traffic with really bad public transport
Thats why carrying a weapon is illegal
Weeeell, aaaactually, most of the original devs of Beat Saber are Slovaks so
For example we pay 66 EUR now for new plates when you change your residence into another district, because the plates have your district on them
I live in Sweden and I can say that swedish women look equally as good as British women.
> Like why is the map angled this way
Full agree on the chinese one ....i think that Russia wants to ide this vaccine as showing "the west" how cutting edge they are , so i think IT will be good ...(like i heard that Moderna or Astra not sure, Has pretty Bad side effects but is allowed ) so i think that its mainly the extremly rusophobic politicians that want to block it
Surely, Google can tell you more
But to be fair no one really likes drunk noisy violent British tourists
That isn't even pseudo-Czech, that's just normal Czech with one little typo
Apparently i slept very well
Brits don't get the memo when travelling abroad, but fights and loud aggressive screeching isn't the norm elsewhere
Dislike Polish, Hungarian and French.
Poland is not a nordic country
This means we get to drain their brains, right?
Nothing, but are you mistaken with Slovakia often?
Ah yes, detachable prefixes
Its actually nice to live here
Sorry to disappoint you, we don't participate anymore.
I think that kind of contrast is why they did it
we would be getting all their mails and stuff, instead of just some
There were spontaneous gatherings in other cities
I'm not even American, and even if I were, I'd hate that orange moron
It takes more than power and will to change it.
* pasta (paste)
I am glad we are putting Nazism, communism and radical islam into same category.
Nah
And no, argument about 2 gay family being better than orphanage is wrong.
We call that šišky
Christ, this Torry bullshit again.
Thanks Czechia for your amazing beer and humour ️
\>not 69
I thought majority would support another 2nd/3rd language over Swedish.
The title looks like a name for a Doom source port.
But there were also cool ones, families happy they could eacape those roma gettos and live better life.
The ethnicities correlate with the borders, so it's probably still cultural/lifestyle.
There is a lot of racism against them too
Slovakia is too poor to be an attractive place of migration for Czechs.
¹ pirohy -> they are made in most cases from potato dough,  filling depends on region (it can be jam , cottage cheese or sort of things like meat , vegetables , blue cheese etc
I would love to see European Union truly united and separated into truly culturally-based subregions which would have equal footing
Come to think of it, it is often used when angry so instead of like "I can't get this stupid thing to work"  you would say "I can't get this bazmeg to work"
Older generaration studied Russian but nobody knows how fluent those people are, I would say they can understand but not speak Russian (most of them)
She is from one of the richest families (mafia/oligarchs), shes killed people in car accident - twice, etc
People in Europe see it as a "Kurds versus Erdoğan" thing so I try to fit my argument into that perspective to keep things understandable by outsiders.
If it wasn't for EU, none of this would ever happen.
I think combining education and sport makes just about the same sense as combining culture and sport, little less sense than combining defense and sport and much less sense than combining it with anything else
You are the one that needs some education.
Slovakia was  nazi state so yes, the regime commited genocide
You Austrians should find some Slovak friends old enough to tell you how socialism "works".
Internet should be NEVER touched.
What the hell is going on with vienna
And in Turquey and Kazakhstan, but not on the European part.
One day you can be even greater than Slovakia.
Wait, so Turin is the English name
Still not perfect but the best writing system among Slavic languages and one of the best among all languages in the world
It was 27 years ago
dont you have to pay for bus
I used to collect these few years back
Prices in Slovakia are not the same everywhere.
It drove us to many bad places and endured a lot - aka now has to deal with -20 and it still runs perfectly.
It calculates the best ticket prices for you and only actually charges you at the end of the day
Their cunt CEO probably thought it was his chance to cash in on that sweet sweet money from the tax dunces, because where else would they get the new all british passport
I think this works for most of EU
Ha, you wish
Batushka and Mgła if you are into black metal
As for most familiar that would be all Slovak cities probably because they all look alike
wow, I don't want to know what it actually tastes like now that I'm used to finer beers
In Bratislava, capital of Slovakia we use the term CéPéčkari  which is based on a popular website cp
I can only speak about my, and my friends, experiences and I hardly ever see Spanish speaking guys (I'm from the vicinity of Vienna btw) only today I met someone from Spain at university but that's really rather an exception.
On the other hand, we know very little about Samo's Empire overall, the connection to modern Slovaks and Slovakia is even much weaker than to GM, which is understandable
And as such, less than 5% of all home break-ins in the US are solved annually.
His favourite complaint about Europe and vice versa my complaint about USA is we walk too much (he likes it now, I did my public transport duty), bad services in restaurants (I hate tips he loves it) and no ice in drinks
I feel really weird because I personally don’t know anyone else who listens to it, but I am grateful that a fellow Reddit stranger does it as well
The cashiers are fast AF here but the number of working cashiers is around half compared to other shops so the queues are long eitherway
In the end, it's really down to what you're looking for from travelling
No, I just have a more objective view of time
OK so what if we subtly assasinate him and blame it on soviets
"to je pre mňa španielska dedina" - it is a spanish village to me (meaning i cant understand that at all)
Failed stockbroker Nigel who has been for past 2 decades sitting (sometimes) in Brussels doing fuck all will surely know how to fix this.
but yes, it is a game-like,  toy-like program and that can make perfectionists angry
I felt like in context of English language and their often weird names as Liverpool it kinda makes sense, but with Bradavice, that's medical condition
r/unexpectedcommunism
I can think only about Hungarian sounding / spelled names and surnames which indicates that the person is from the south of Slovakia
Hopefully, at least the Adriatic highway construction won't stall
That we drink A LOT
or [158] or 150, or 155 in some EU countries
for Czech Republic and Slovakia all of them are good idea to visit.
The decrease is surprisingly invisible - new houses, shops and facilities have been built during these years, they don't seem to be in decline overall
Are you telling me that pornhub is a lie
Definitely our Slovakian bros <3
Just wondering - if Danish population is pro-EU, why do you still have those opt-outs?
Otherwise AFAIK it's only Hungary and Poland which are completely ignoring the decision, while other countries like Czechia and Slovakia are "only" extremely slow in implementing it.
Our PMs were mostly controversial trough all the modern history, and our presidents were less polarized persons who kept them in check
Eagles flew from Tatra, heading for the plains,
We do the same, but we also whip them with a wooden whip to be 'beautiful and healthy' for the next year
People just save more
Putin and his cronies treat the country like their personal property.
I can speak for Slovakia, but I guess it is similar or worse in other ,,eastern,, countries.
He can go f*** himself and Germany if he and his voters wish so.
Also, if he is not pro-EU and pro-NATO, how come Montenegro joined NATO recently
Experiencing major upvote envy for not sharing my photo of this from August
Maybe because the biggest non European minority in those countries (Slovakia, Czechia, Poland) is Vietnamese
Hungary was a big country in Austro-Hungarian empire..blah blah enter WWI AH loses all lands and new countries of Czech Republic, Slovakia, Croatia etc are all created under Treaty of Tranion.
Some more which came to my mind:
So in this perspective I'm quite positive about this
I mean who wouldn't when you gov is corupt
But still, the beer is my nostalgia
Uk is amazing with international food
We are heading to a certain collapse until the EU countries keep importing distant cultures in a massive way instead of supporting and motivating local population to have more children.
Jokes aside, it really depends, usually people do not have any opinion as they do not have many info about my country, altough it is getting better and more people visited it
It's as easy as that
So I continued going in the right lane, which was completely empty, but as the road was curved, I didn't know how far
But instead they wanted to control Polish territory and manpower, so they decided to invade Poland under a false pretense of offering help and murder the elite
Bratislava 2
That was pretty much my point
When I need something my go-to is English one
That's not a shower gel
Slovak MEPs aren't right wingers at all.
This post made me miss karaoke so much, and thats something I havent done in years
I genuinely cannot wait to move the fuck away to Canada after college
Also not sure if the whole Slovakia does that or just my gymnasium, but each year after their pre-graduation party the soon-to-be graduates would walk around school and go into other classes, sing Gaudeamus Igitur and throw candies
Yet Turkish/ Muslim minorities in the EU are silent, accepting this dictatorial like proclamations, silently accepting nonsense after nonsense Erdogan continually throwing out of his mouth.
This is just standart treatment, like dentist
Yes us hungarians want to separate from slovakia
Plays normally, that leads me to one conclusion
Lets celebrate gloriously the glory of the slavs glorious.
Second thing yes, maybe there is word about taking a sabre and standing in the line, but take it more like stand up for yourself than attack someone
A couple of years back, when I was a student, they passed a law that every classroom must display the national flag and the anthem, to "increase national awareness in the youth". I thought it was pathetic
Spain, Greece, Slovakia, Romania, Cyprus do not recognise Kosovo.
I wasn´t quizzing anyone:D but when you buy something - well i was clearly seen as foreigner:D like in 2/3 of shops everyone asked where are you from and so on, also met a lof of people on Campus and so on, this topic came out a lot.
But I hear it means sth like to blow air up there and here it's, well, straight from English
And thirdly
Weather wise, I hate when it's unbearably hot in the summer, but I also hate it when it's rainy and slushy in the winter
I lived there so I know the good spots but its not like the tourists will find those
Why
What syoxsk said is my opinion.
We also call The Netherlands Holándsko, which translates to just the state of Holland, and not the entire Netherlands
But, who is paying for the trip ?
Lol at greece in Good Resuslts category
And then I will be pro Slovenia, Poland and so
It reaaaaaly depends on what culture they are coming from
Is me pleasure you meet
But thankfully today our government voted on removing this stupid rule so soon it will be history
Although we only had 3825 foreign votes, that's like 0
This prevails until today and it is the reason we have a controversial statue of Svätopluk in Bratislava castle.
China has slightly larger population than USA allowing Politburo make some bad decisions and displacing USA at the same time.
Ahh yes criminals not being able to vote is the same as a country with no human rights
Few days ago I tried translating text to Slovak for my dad and for the love of god I wasn't able to translate the word "privacy". So I just stood there describing it and waving my hands around until I just gave up and used Google translate
Finlad is better comparision, yet they just have better hospitals and that's something we miss
1993-today's Slovak Republic
It's pure show
if want to make further divisions i would say Austria, Hungary and Czech as core and Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Swiss, Slovenia in the wider circle (but it's totally arbitral, division for the sake of division)
>Also how is my sentence about Samo subjective but yours about Moravia isnt
Plus only met the most amazing people from Latvia
Especially since you know that even if your adversary knows you are the one responsible for it, he won't do anything about it as you are far out of his reach?
I cannot imagine living any different than this, beeing scared of visiting doctor with injury and shit
Why have you forsaken us, Brothers
No, it is literally a bottle with big pieces of fruits - [compote] But it sounds funny/cute in slovak, especially for a drug
a little bit :D
These are the ones I like the most
Part of my soviet union father family was jewish, yet they still very lucky to not end up in prison as compared to the priests.
About that, I had a coworker who looked super Turkish
First is, that our governments are extremely corrupt, so the US system doesn't look as bad relatively to ours like it is to the western Europe
Easy right
The center is rather around Poland, Czechia and Slovakia for me.
In Slovakia (and Czech Republic as well I'd guess) we have "Francúzske zemiaky" which means "French potatoes".
Use Uber or Bolt, the prices are much cheaper
Everyone is different and while it is expected to become American by culture and citizenship, it is also understandable to remain different based on your heritage.
It’s quite a shame honestly, since our nations have so much in common, it’s just that we kind of disregarded it for the last two centuries
People say: Holy Roman Empire / Svätá rímska ríša
Yeah, nowadays it's basically a Slovak running gag.
Coincidentally, it was also the place where traffic jams resulting from accidents seemed to be the most common
I would say it's around 25
Poděbrady and Nymburk
I think " stvrdnúť " (to get hard) is the most extreme example, at least based on my personal research
You think like German, you are German too, distribute them equally?
Also often on WW1
People say: Holy Roman Empire / Svätá rímska ríša
I simply inform them that we are somewhere in geographical center of the Europe
They are literally names - Liptovský Mikuláš (Liptovish Nicolas), Liptovský Jakub (Liptovish Jacob), Liptovský Ján (Liptovish John) etc
Every reasonable person would want that.
>Hungary - the uter hatred towards hungary is felt thru all of our history books, and our constitution
Most people are worthless when it comes to subjects they don't specialize in.
Depends on if it’s in a restaurant or at home
The same way I don't like a white guilt thing
Don't you have like a smoking and non smoking areas
In my times (about 5 years ago) it was about 1
It's not a separate subject, just a small part in biology class
I've not seen it said here yet but Poland!
Why is it changing
Our medical system has been systematically robbed and words "on verge of collapse" have been used more than once well before coronavirus
As driver, traveler etc
I generally feel it extremely stupid to blame the current generation for what their ancestors did
In modern society, a lot of jobs are being and will be automated
The city is sick <3
I have no idea
Complaining is our national sport and everything is bad, but our GDP basically skyrocketed and standard of living is good
She is from one of the richest families (mafia/oligarchs), shes killed people in car accident - twice, etc
The walls are very thin, so you can hear nearly everything that happens in the rooms next to, above or under yours
Basic problems = same as current EU
People like you save the European countries
If you say so, it must be true
I managed to get by with the same as a student, but I am surprised it is doable also in Norway
Btw , how did you get that country tag
i hope the green party will reinstate the nuclear plants that germany closed down for no good reason
Come definiresti il linguaggio che si parla a Roma
Maghreb and Egypt must be really happy about this turn of events.
Looks grose, but its ridiculously practical as each of those letters has unique sound to it.
well
Or ever seen a bar fight
May I ask you what’s the difference between whisky and whiskey
Too bad, I was really hoping that they will find some at leas small Greek balls to leave.
Would be interesting to elaborate how much of this mainly Eastern European growth is actually linked to the EU funds.
> You cannot rly compare history with czech to that with hungarians
It’s already possible in some places (e.g. London)
WHo cares about idiots that don't know basic history thought in elementary school
The crappy thing is, it's considered a premium healthcare, so not every insurance covers it and some employers even don't accept the pardon for work absence, because it's not a doctor
"Tam, kde líšky dávajú dobrú noc" - Where foxes say 'good night"
But dont we all love the mountains
In some countries you have to stop before a pedestrian crossing if you see a pedestrian waiting there, in others you don’t.
And law there is one, but reality is another.
After all the necessities, you end up with around 200 € left.
When it comes to the traffic, getting a driving license helped me to understand how to behave on the road, in my country (idk it´s probably the same in a majority of the EU) when you´re cycling on the road you basically count as a car and when you walk by your bike you´re a pedestrian
i know it's a joke, but the joke is that the picture overexaggerates the fact that only so few cases are confirmed because they tested only a small sample
Okay he went to lunik 9 and the only title he put in there was Slovakia
And krowky
Isn't bias all about perception?
He is head of parliament, bot government, but I agree with you
You could get 4ka, which has unlimited data and calls for 20 euros
So, many people said to themselves "So you want to replace our weak currency with something stable and widely accepted
EU regulation was tightened in 2013 to require “all EU vessels to land sharks with their fins still naturally attached to the carcass”, according to Ali Hood, director of conservation at the Plymouth-based Shark Trust
In Slovak the official name for the Kingdom of the Netherlands is Holandské Kráľovstvo, so yeah
So I read on it and thought the typical office temperature was made for men in 60ties wearing full suits
We are so so so sorry
Vienna
Between the cities and in villages you usually pay in cash or use a top up card specific to the bus company of your choice
and i do believe accessible healthcare is a human right
However, officers don't carry it outside unless really necessary
I was trying to attack the fact that our government presented itself as protecting us, but in reality they did nothing.
Oh, hungarians like to cling to anything pre-20th century reeeeally hard.
Nice survey also it was pretty funny but I can see people getting butthurt over this or just 4chan trolls ruining it.
We're "barely European".
And no, I'm not joking
It could go all ways, friends, enemies, frenemies, strangers
I also understand that Blizzard has the right to distance themselves from politics and I wouldn't mind if they issue some warning towards the player and make a statement in which they distance themselves from his act or even fine him a bit (deduct some part of prize money in that tournament), but what they did is simply too much
Our old ones were twice as large as the current format.
However, they seem to slowly disappear, because younger generations speak mostly standardized language taught in schools
You are soooo stupid then sorry ...
Go hiking in flip flops
Nowadays it mints euro coins, and also coins for some other countries around the world
TIL Scottish was the only true form of English all along.
Definitely not what I am used to
And jacked potato
And that's often us
"zima ako v rusku" - cold like in russia (when it is too cold outside)
Slovakia is not a popular country for migration due to lower living standards compared to e.g. Germany so exotic restaurants are still considered rare and/or unique outside of capital
This is of course because they were part of the Hungarian part of Austria-Hungary before Czechoslovakia became independent and they still have Hungarian minority.
Yes, it's quite frequently used in here :)
I would like to see what would happen of Czechoslovakia accepted Marshall plan and didn't 'vote' for commie takeover
It's not like Slovakians go through puberty years ahead of Czechs, they just have a significantly higher Roma population.
Czechs were independent for far longer
Oh, damn, yeah you didn't :D
Reminds me of [Japanese scientists who made steak out of the poop
Yeah, we hate that place too
Yes
>It is the largest corruption case in Spain
That not bad
And I would change Slovenia to Notslovakia, that way no one will confuse us anymore
Why would you remove it
To neutral observer, the answer would be "not really that much".
Bet the guy is now thinking that he should've nicked the swordfish and beat him with that, instead of the extinguisher
Tervetuloa helvettiin
However the celebration itself is celebrated in many other , mostly Slavic countries
Ukraine is not even a candidate member.
Our real income doubled from 1990 to 2015.
I've grown to hate the taste of carp though, hate the fuss of being careful not to get a bone stuck in my throat, the carp is full of mean little bones.
Shoot out to Romanians, I have met some
You stop giving shit about age after yoy stop being a teenager
Pre-pandemic, it was like traveling just to another town in the same country
After finishing my Master's degree 3 years ago,  I moved back with my mother to her apartment and started saving up for a house
My only option would be a pre-paid card without a contract, which dont get me wrong, still isnt horrible, but its no where near the fantastic deal offered with a contract.
everything I guess
For bachelor degree it's usually 3 years, for masters it's two years and there are some exceptions for some specific study programs e.g. medicine (where it is 5 or 6 years)
Please at least read about the thing u are debating.
Yeah, "city" used to be "hrad" in Slovak, like in all other Slavic languages (grod, gorod
Slovakian to me as a Croatian/Czech speaking literally sound like you got a Croat in his 40 to learn Czech.
Such a small country with so
Iceland, Belgium (until 2018), Czechia, Slovakia, Greece, San Marino, Slovenia, Macedonia, Moldova, Malta,
In Bratislava its pretty normal, at night everyone was walking to their own bus stop at night and then walking home alone
He preys on poor Eastern Slovaks by promising them a better life and selling them some lame ass supplements
Civ5 has that as a bonus with Maria Theresia (austria)
It's would be a massive win for Irish people
I sometimes completely forget some word in Slovak so I just replace it with the English word, luckily everyone I know can understand English but if I were to speak with someone who doesn’t, it’d be soo hard for me to not include any English words
I would love to know answer to this question as well, especially for places like Curacao or French Guiana
Oh, and don't mention French
Aww going to restaurants with him was always an experience
Mainly because it's an awesome city
Igen
Renting a place at 25 is lesa common here than U.S. But what I heard from my age group who are renting, it's very poor in terms of savings
With pingu and moomins and tin tin
Im seriously afraid of our future
I’m from southwestern Slovakia and our culture and geography is much closer to neighboring regions in Hungary and Czechia than to northeastern Slovakia
I love interrail, but if you're on a budget and there's no where you *have* to be then hitchhiking/carshares are your best bet.
OK, I don't (in a modern sense of word), but Canadians do.
The EU only ever checks if all the boxes are correctly ticked off.
Dunno, I used to go each month for half a year so I get my teeth fixed up, now I go when they start to hurt, I get them done and maybe some cleaning or whatever
Not saying that, but the single market does exist independently from the EU.
btw the meaning is "musician"
I will be starting my trip backpacking in Northern Europe, where I'll be for about 3-4 weeks, then off to Eastern Europe (specifically Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic, and Poland).
I reckon convergence in that sense is doable in case of some more advanced economies in the bloc.
Rich people go to Asia or France poor drive to Croatia or Bulgaria.
Funniest thing will be if they decide to repeat the Brexit referendum.
Like, literal extremists that are using the chaos and hate to win some votes by appealing to young people
actually it does, aside from that water thing the blooming willow is supposed to give the girls power and health
Where do i sign up my country for this tradition
LOL, out of all countries, Poland and Hungary are the ones to think USA is doing fine the most
Or you can be a man and admit that it's absolutely stupid and hypocritical as fuck.
Amazing
Slovakia: It was revealed that Andrej Danko, the chairman of the National Council, has been secretly promoted to Captain by the minister of defence.
For a nation that didnt exist on the map for 1000 years we have an interesting language history
Thats the big difference
Having a national holiday abouy "seven-pain Maria"? You think anyone even knows what that is about
You make 10% of your GDP just by enabling smooth logistics for materials to us and for products from us
I guess my own country is quite underwhelming from a tourist perspective, partly because all neighbouring countries eclipse us in anything we can offer to a tourist
UK : Anglo-Saxon invasion
I have it on hook
We work like china, one country two systems :D
Well this one is super sad
Making fun of Czechs because of the classic 'Socks&Sandals' duo
well yes, but thats essentially what i said, they invented the base of the alphabet - glagolic in great moravia and their students invented cyrilic in bulgaria, i just wasnt sure if cyrilic was a based on glagolic or not
Meh, I've seen Americans being amazed how most taxis in Germany are Mercedes.
ITT classic reddit circle jerk outrage
At least my friends from Moravia, who said that what we do in Slovakia with sprinkling and whipping girls is a stupid tradition
Fuck you
I mean do I have to say anything at all :D? We speak almost the same language , have the same traditions and we share now more than 100 years of history
I come from a town 3 km from my current place which is majority Slovak, so it is not like everyone in southern Slovakia is Hungarian.
too lazy to look it up right now) is quite stunning.
<3 Come again
Way to go Poland
At least it would be used on something meaningful.
I'm 32 and married to a foreigner with residence permit
You can also look at any ranking, forum or anything on the internet and you won't find a single place which puts british women as good looking.
Exkuse me sir, I hev noticed zat you honked on me, alzou my inefficiency at driving was under 0
By creating a rulling, ubtouchable oligarchic class of several hundred people who literally owns large majority of country wealth?
"mexická/španielská telenovela" - mexican/spanish soap opera (too much drama for no reason)
Look, I am not a fan of Orban but he is not dictator or authoritarian.
Regarding war - that's where NATO and collective defenses should come in
>... using Y at the end of a verb, which is simply never correct
Russia has muslims because it conquered territories filled with Muslim people.
Basically a California style
No, citation is not what you need, history lessons, that is what you need ...
Hehe I've heard [our main anti-marriage equality movement leader] also campaigned in Slovakia after banning it in Croatia, you're welcome.
If they tried to do it via referendum, czechoslovakia woudlnt split.
There were commies and socialists fighting alongside capitalists, as well as centralists fighting alongside autonomists
Why are you so soviet-phobic
Whole economy based around car production
About Slovakia,we share a lot with Czechs historically i guess, and our languages are pretty similar, our prices are somewhat cheaper because ^i'm^not^sure^economics^are^hard
It is actually a very interesting phenomenon
Yep
The regions suffered from depopulation, decline of industry formerly run by the aristocracy and finally, after the fall of the former regime, lack of job opportunities
What about something from my language
It's not your right to be able to upload videos
hmm
Romania follows the model of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary and will look into the quality of imported food sold by local retailers to check if it is the same quality as the food sold in supermarkets and hypermarkets on Western European markets.
It's only there when you mouse over the map, but please avoid doing that too often because its movement creates pretty nasty tsunami waves in Britain and Norway.
I dunno what I'd do, let's hope it won't happen.
But in hockey I cheer for finns
Interesting how conservative countries think it works well just because it's the only it's the only way for conservatives in US to win the election
So I vote, and hope that’ll change
We have a lot of hydropower plants though and almost 80% of electricity is generated in two nuclear power plants (I think that speaking in relative numbers we are 2nd or 3rd in the world).
Maybe its something with the word physical?
Glad you enjoyed it
The route I take to visit my parents is 5
What is the point of fragmented Europe and possibly what 50 member states?
That could also explain why Slovaks seem to understand the most from all other Slavic languages.
State police/army forces can be deployed anywhere within the country's territory Sergey.
Actually we are really good at naming things
Religion plays largest role there.
Or do you mean the farmlands of Poland devastated by countless wars?
I also unironically like Ellinoora
My hometown had essentially no flats and even in Dublin they're pretty rare, but almost everyone lived in apartments in the Slovak town I lived in.
RC invest 3 or 4 times to Slovakia more than PRC (people's Republic of China)
in Slovak , we have "guľomet" for machine gun, literally translates as bullet/ball thrower
Victory in first round for her would by Pyrrhic.
So basically a public breastfeeding
Western Slovak is much more close to Moravian dialects than to Eastern Slovak ones
Does it
I am not fan of my native food too or Czech, German or Austrian, I do find them a bit unhealthy so I unfortunately put British into this too
I am quite disappointed by this comment
I agree
When someone thinks Slovakia and Slovenia is the same country
In Bratislava, it is the [building of National Bank of Slovakia] (more photos [in wikipedia article] It is 111m tall.
It seems we stole "šarkan" from you and use it almost interchangibly with "drak" for both dragons and kites
Oh okay
> It's december 28
This argumentation is nonsensical.
What makes it more confusing for Slovak speakers:
Nice, it's really bad here too
Prices were often numerically lower in Czechia which meant they could buy more
Or Bratislava
Whole EU is based around concept of nation states handing over sovereignity for the common good.
After WW2 there was a resettlement of the "additional" people that came in, but the situation got complicated and after an agreement with Hungary, they were allowed to stay
Then it won't matter if it was done in a self defense, the mob mentality will kick in and people will see only the blood on the hands of the government.
I get so confused sometimes
She said she had liked being a pioneer, but also said the constant marching in the streets of Nitra was really tiring for her (they would often march for hours while carrying flags)
If 28 nations share responsibility of Turkish defense, they do with TK offense too.
Well, that was some serious libido back in the days.
Its just so funny to imagine wilderness when I know 20 min walk from there is a cottage are and restaurant
Ha, you wish
Jokes aside, I completely understand what you're saying
But more "real" and wild, with endless forests and meadows.
BTW I also voted for one of the 5(!) opposition parties
EU has not one such accession condition.
So intelligent
We got the same crap over here during protests after the journalist and his fiancee were killed
Different languages have different features and can be better used in different situations, like some languages are genderless and using them can intentionally obscure a detail in the work
~~(**Slovakia** - how do I get flair
Same in Slovakia, we drink Kofola way more than Coca Cola or Pepsi
Or -just out of curiousity- how many $ or € could buy me a small 2-room apartment in the outskirts of a large city
Better be rid of it
If you put meat into Christmas Sauerkraut soup or not
Right now there are literal traffic jams in the hiking trails
Austria has much lower tax on food than Slovakia and Hungary, plus higher quality.
Different countries have different max speeds, different allowed blood alcohol content, different mandatory lights on laws
Always been
Hey, we did use to have a country together with Czechs before *someone* decided to settle in Carpathians.
They are populist for a reason.
We should totally start a petition
China is already invading Europe
Those clowns at CDU absolutely, without hint of a doubt deserve this
Yeah I mean, there are parts of Slovakia that never were part of the Kingdom of Hungary, up in the Tatras near Poland, but the rest was
Centuries of foreign rule does that, we share like half our meals with Hungary, other half with Czechs and our desserts speak Austrian German
Counter-example: [Two-round system is blamed for helping an extremist candidate win our regional elections in 2013.]#Political_career)
I got pissed, took a bike and rode down the steepest hill around, then kept pedaling around like it was nothing, practically learned instantly
Everyone laugh a bit and shrug it off
Also I can hum Deutschlandlied from my German class
Most of my stuff does have some logo
Indeed
English is quite hard to learn due to the fact that writing does not correspond with pronounciation of the words so you have to learn those two things separately
They are in cultured society now
Interesting thing is that Netherlands in slovak language is "Holandsko".
This guy is all over every souvenir shop in Prague.
There are still people who try to pretend EU done nothing and I wish I cold punch them, because we are better than ever
For years I dreamt of seeing this place, and when it finally happened, I just felt "So, um, this is it?".
So all sorts of bullshit like that Egyptian pharaohs were Slavic
The ruling says she must go to Parliament to get approval to start the negotiations.
But anyway, there were maps posted with population changes on a national level, maps with rate of immigration, emigration and even with the major nationality of the immigrants per country and maps with the birth rates.
Whichever side won, it will still lead to them acting like smug children, as if they obliterated the other side in a landslide victory, even though that isn't the case
Please educate yourself on how the communist regime worked in Czechoslovakia.
But you have to explicitly ask for tap water, if you ask for just “water” they are allowed to sell you bottled water
Which multicultural cities in Europe were/are most successful in integrating people from different cultures?
I still don't expect them here
Ugh, I can't believe I used to drink that in shots
Finnish army is also conscript-based around only around 9k staff officers while Belarussian army has nearly 50 thousand regulars and ability to call from reserve above 250k male conscripts.
With or without Olivenza
We share alcohol in gonna get smashed party to
How many IKEA stores do you have in your country
However the *-y* suffix in English comes from Old English e.g.
There's lots of shitty classical art and lots of great modern art.
However where would they drive
Probably the ugliest city I ever saw, and dont know anyone who liked it there.
When they are to actually fight the dragon, one of them yells "Nabíjaj, rýchlo rýchlo nabíjaj" - "Reload, quick, quick, reload
“We both had to go through it all, despite [**the fact that I am the one who will be recognized as the parent**] because only married couples can currently adopt a child,” Laně told...
This way you make the sauce to penetrate top layer of the pasta
When he remembers he exists during hockey season, Finland likes him for some reason
Outside of the amount of election periods to finish the highway from Bratislava to Košice, I can't think of any
Oh how I love Greece
C'mon man, everybody knows Brno is not a real thing
How do you describe that state then?
Visa/Mastercard/whatever
How come you cannot prevent a terrorist attack when you're supposed to keep an eye on a dude that was accused of extremism?
Even weather was much more fun
I grew up in Bratislava in 90s when Sýkora mafia clan was roaming the streets in most of city with Piťo and others in rest, breaking shit and people up all the time, among their mafia wars.
English and German are taught at least to some extent at most of our schools as secondary languages used in communication with the foreigners, but we've come a long way since they were introduced to the general population
Can you please compare your dicks in some other non - military area?
That seems also dangerous, if one party has too much power in government, they can just choose "their guy"
Here in Europe if you have 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants and you ask them about their roots it is somehow offensive.
Given German military trackrecord probably biggest help they can offer in there is by not sending anything
Fascinatingly, without the Holy
We can understand each other because the vocabulary is pretty similar and because of mutual exposure
I remember (and looked them up now) the books from the early 2000s and I can't find anything similar to what you're stating
In the whole country of Slovakia – NEVER refer to us as Eastern Europe
Here are people more politically correct and majority of population is native/comparing to the US.
And knowing todays politics, the only way you can get all those guys under the same flag as well, is by making a european federal state.
Does Russia have any kind of noticeable support in Slovakia these days?
If I pronounce it right that it
It might be even the only way to prevent an economic downturn, so guess what that would mean for their motivation to do just that if they see it this way.
November 17 is an old event going back to 1939, when students were attacked by Nazis [(btw.
The situation is stupid, but I don't think his move was
so based on your logic, they should take in maybe half of their population and change forever, because of some responsibility?
What am I 5 or what
I mean these photos are pretty bullshit because you can capture any moment and push narrative, but it's pretty funny
Im taking that the weather is supposed to be wheter but im not sure if you meant that of or if its supposed to be or.
Wouldnt that just slow down the proccess
Ton of Latvian, 3 German, 2 Austrian, 1 each Lithuanian, Belgian, Irish, Finnish, Dutch.
And then I go back to that bar cause it’s too early to call it a night
Generally against east europeans who are ,, stealing jobs,, yet native population is to lazy to do certain jobs.
English
(just to feed my curiosity - are you by any chance british or french, or living in UK or france
We also call it “Morena”
Nothing else to see here
For Le Pen 40prc in 2nd round would be more than great.
Then it's the case of Hungary(especially the Jobbik party) that often likes to claim large chunks of territories not just from Slovakia, but from most of its neighbouring countries and is financing separatist movements.
It was like seeing an alien to me
my grandma worked with mongolian workers who came to CSSR on some kind of socialistic workers exchange programme sooo she could say that and meant them :D :D
But sadly not every ethnicity is friendly as those two.
You can imagine my surprise as a kid watching polish tv, some movie for children with hulk hogan, when out of nowhere he claimed: "idzem pošukať dzieci" or something like that (i dont know how it is written in polish), which in slovak means: "i am going to fuck the children"
Becaue yes that such and.understandable action.
Just after I said that I don't hate them
I can see huge culture differences between far-away places in any country and vague culture similarities between nearby countries
However, they seem to slowly disappear, because younger generations speak mostly standardized language taught in schools
That's not at all what that means.
Just retrofit Hadrian wall and somehow fool the Scots.
I had to learn that from scratch
Explain please
I know the melody and lyrics of these:
Petrzalka - city within a city, the Brooklyn of Bratislava with commie blocks, drug users
(a completely different task performed instead)
We currently have 2 extra days and i was wondering if there are any places that you would suggest that aren't too far out of the way?
Oh man, I hate that shit
Hahah, honesty at first place I see
I have a cheap mountain bike that cost 300€ the requirements I have for the bike are basically only functional brakes and I´m satisfied
I am sure it can be possible to motivate Germans and other people from "developed" countries to have 2-3 kids, but I am sure money is just a small part of the whole picture.
No joke, my dad's old firm used Lada Nivas to rescue stuck off road cars in the forests and mountains
Something tells me this is going to happen also with Matovič very soon
But the rest are awesome
In Slovakia we mostly meme our politicians (or some minor celebrities)
this is amazing
I recommend trying out the album Woodsmoke
You also have Toruń, Krakow, Wroclaw, Poznań, Gdansk -all are beautiful cities- Wieliczka, Licheń Stary cathedral and Malbork castle
1918 - 1938 - Czechoslovakia
What are your offering in exchange
Not really, only the Pyrenees
Torygraph however did so very quickly and
I had to google it up, and found out independence day in poland (and the us tv show was meant for my comment about quiet poland)
yes because muslims and christians / budhists / etc are totally same right
Is it [this guy] who is impaling mamutti
All three of those countries already have mandatory English programs in school as far as I'm aware.
You don t need to be a rocket scientist to find out which countries are the ones with high corruption among elite politicians.
Some would say it's mainly Russians on vacation in Ukraine
Nationalists believed that if we have different native language we also need to destroy something that functions and create our own nation state, which would be defenseless if there wasn't such a good security situation in Central Europe.
Because news are useless unless presented in context.
It's difficult to see the differences with the vast majority in the 30s being the red and the few 40s as the purple and the one clear 8
Bratislava- Well, capital city of Slovakia
Turkish - where the powder stays in your cup in the end
As for overall birth rate vs death rate, it's more or less net 0, so we are seeing only slight increase in population as immigration currently > emigration
In some countries you have to stop before a pedestrian crossing if you see a pedestrian waiting there, in others you don’t.
The rest is then filled with random negative memories and emotions passed from generation to generation, frustrated teachers, hardcore nationalist groups, negative confrontations with the other side (who often also see you just as the biggest evil)
Maybe he really is talking about something else
Rest of the year its against the law to fire them on the whole territory
Same thing goes with dialects
It would taste better in Europe
- OĽanO: no specifically defined political direction, it's an anti-corruption party
Is he sure it's a Hospital ?
I mean judging how EU has been treating Internet recently it's not a surprising fact to be honest
Yeah I feel like it’s the same way in Slovakia
Dutch, Deutsch, people always confuse the two
Finding non-russophile politician in France ....
I really cannot say whether it is coolest in Slovakia (there are certainly nicer views, but not necessarily with streetview), but I like the view at [Štrbské Pleso]
i don´t care what is Stamford some number saying.
I've seen Margaret being translated as Margita (a typical name among elderly women), George to Juraj, Nicolas to Mikuláš, etc
Its not prohibited to leave (just to enter for any non-resident), but anyone returning from abroad is required to quarantine at home-isolation for 14 days, otherwise 2000 EUR fine will be issued
But when I’m just interested in something I prefer Slovak or Czech one, because sometimes I’m lazy to read in English and translate words I don’t know xD
Šišky :) But we eat them with jam on top
Belarus has both nationalistic wing and pro-Russian.
Honorary mention to Staré hory
His popularity is falling down, his usefullness too.
Here in Slovakia it is easy to purchase locally collected and produced honey, I know this isn’t true everywhere, but it is a huge step from the companies that replace the honey taken from bees with sugar water to make as large of a profit as possible
Just asking, who's the last team England lost to recently
I'll be damned if I speak with anything other than the Trnavan dialect
Does Nigel have a dog
Well, hence why vast majority of EU states prohibit smoking on train stations and platforms.
the word 'pivo' is constructed the same way as 'jedlo' where both mean 'thing to drink/eat'
Slovak during medieval age developed rather slowly , as it was overshadowed by latin and hungarian
Cinema verite films usually do
Except you have a sea too
Generally the history of a small new country is hidden within the other countries history, similar with Balcan countries or Baltics
Well at least they often make them look sexi
I remember seeing a lot of comments in Youtube videos about Slovakia claiming : "Slovakia should not exist" or "Felvidék(Northern Hungary aka Slovakia) belong to us".
No idea where they got this shit from, but its modified OT-64 military armored carrier.
Oh my god this is amazing
New Berlin city-state government will act as a laboratory for this experiment, you should watch it.
I've heard that Wales has more, but noone knows what was considered as a castle when counting them there
Few decades of nice attempt on ethnic cleansing ended it all.
Well personally I'm not bothered by it as much
SOo all we need is less people.
Actually, EU stated what is in it's best interest - that this process gets over as soon as possible.
of German companies present
But for the most part, I am satisfied with my English accent
French
And yet VW stock still low like a hell
And mainly they didn't threaten us of embargoes exc
That way it will be most just and sensing, because I insist again, Portugal's right to transit gas from Russa to Germany is immanent and cannot be disputed.
English doesn't have a lot of grammatical constructs that other languages do: cases, conjugation (mostly), the T-V distinction, etc.
Did you have any luck there
(Pls correct me if the facts are wrong)
Average 18 in my country
Whenever we spend holiday in HR, usually on islands, I always take Jadrolinja to Split and wander the streets of Split endlessly
Getting an economy of Estonia on an upward swing is much easier than with a country of some 37 M people.
Give up your imperialist ambitions already, Slovakia cannot into empire.
They are pretty mainstream
MEPs draw map of pro- and anti-Russian countries in the EU
I don't believe this
How "political" sections in the so-called newspapers was filled with BS articles about comrades from Party who had great garden and stupid stuff like that, how comrades from Warsaw pact stood allied and defiant against imperialism of United States, how plans were fulfilled at 120% by comrade whatshisface from that factory etc.
And our lack of PDA in some places IN Europe
Become a part of bernolakovcov and become a writer and make really hard to read to understand poetry just to make it harder for students 200 years later
Your dreams are different from mine, but then who am I to judge
In others, it's completely the other way around - the societies are very egalitarian (partly a communism legacy, which survived in some EE countries even after the turbulent 90s).
Fillion v Le Pen would be still a smooth ride for LR unless Fillion fucks up real bad as socialistic voters will switch to LR in 2nd round.
Interesting
Funnily enough, years later my brother actually met the actor
That is why linguists and geographers decided to use Czechia, which was commonly used in English in 20s and 30s of 20th century as the differentiation of western (Czechia) and eastern (Slovakia) part of Czechoslovakia.
Napadlo ma - means you were attacked by something
People from East Asia would be welcomed (except for Chinese)
I have made a mistake on the map, confusing Slovakia and Hungary.
Le Northern Hungary has arrived
Slovakia had major support for democratic party at that point
We have a castle [Likava] Well more like a ruin
Their ghetos are actually dangerous and the most notorious thing is stealing or collecring iron other metals
What you see as costs and benefits may not be the same thing the other guy sees as such.
Southern regions and regions close to the Hungarian border- Hungarian farmers who sell fruits and vegetables at open-air markets for living, people tend to speak broken Slovak with Hungarian accent
Not at all my friend, those were different times
Your power was generated in wind power plants just on paper
Because why wouldn't they do it if they can
Im pretty sure this was when he was informed of the German invasion, not the fall of Kiev
I don't want my language to survive
San Marino has agreement with ECB and even  minted some collectors euro coins
Thats more Czech than German
So almost like brothers
But generaly slovaks divide the Slovak language into 3 sub groups: Western Slovak, Central Slovak and Eastern Slovak
The only only foreigners who ever portrayed us nicely are Czechs, and thats because they love Tatras and like to sometimes shoot romantic films there
I'm counting 19 for Slovakia and 17 for Czech Republic.
Ďalekohľad - Telescope - Far Sight
Love the tag
Americans would receive the news and bring the whole army to Bratislava to save you
I loved it
Haha it’s amazing how Czechia and Slovakia just act like the same country on reddit ️
In Slovakia there's also Harry Potter
Italian
In the 14th century Czech language made its way to Slovakia (northern Hungary back then) and Slovakized Czech became a thing which paved way for the similarities between Slovak and Czech that we know today
That would never work, there are so many differences between these 4 countries.
I’m also joking around, although the conversation about moving to Europe is becoming more real and will definitely become more serious if Donald wins again
Generally, when you say football in Europe, you mean what Americans call "soccer".
These guys are doing the same job german and british truckers do without the benefits for half the pay.
We were talking about treatment, though.
President Kiska of Slovakia is also strong EU supporter.
It’s not like for our accent (which is recognizable), but Nitra dialect has also a bit different usage of grammar
More slovaks from Orava could say more about the poles I guess
And this is actually what I do - never read Russian news - what is wrong with you?
Why isn't this day a holiday in Slovakia
These apply for all cities in Eastern EU, seen and heard of these in Bratislava, Prague, Budapest and couple of cities on Croatian and Bulgarian coast
with a few centuries long break :) for some reasons after Celts left the place was not inhabited for almost 900 years, but there was big Slavic fortification on a hill nearby.
Anton Bernolák
Although for me Slovakia/Slovenia are more central europe.
I don't need bunch of drunkards on slopes
Also why ä? It  should be peť, meso instead of the weird päť, mäso
And few years back I saw tanks moving on the rails towards our borders because our neighbour order general mobilization and war.
Good that his wife's dared to expose them, that was very brave of her
And that is a bad thing
Trávnik is lawn in Slovak too:)
They rather throw it away than give people a discount
" ("Thank you for the flowers"), which had blown his mind on spot, and so would mine
Look around you and talk to people, those tourist visa they all use as means to get a job.
From there I'd go up north through former Yugoslav countries (incl.
I should have not watched that
Same here delimano and dormeo
An EU supporter would force me to do something I don't want
I usually spend the time playing board games with my cousins tho bc I don’t feel like I quite fit in with the grown ups yet (thank god most of my cousins are my age)
tldr:
You weren't looking hard enough then.
I could not believe my eyes and choked a little even.
Czechs and Austrians are Germans now apparently
Hungarian and German surnames are common all over the country
Bratislava for foreigners, it's a usually just a stop between other Central European capitals, so they think they've seen Slovakia
Regarding photographer Ladislav Bielik - the world didn't really know who made the picture as it was distributed anonymously
>Te tetted e tettetett tettet, te tettetett tettek tettese, te
I then opened the minibar and started drinking
EDIT: might be helpful to say that both are pronounced the same
Well, you might be surprised - [click] - [click] I live in a region with a high German proficiency, your anecdotal evidence doesn't mean it can't be true
You obviously wouldnt use "Czechia" in portuguese, as it makes no sense
There was an independent Slovak state formed in 1939 but it's rather unpopular part of our history due to it being puppet state of a nazi Germany
The war was declared almost one year after that.
Hard to say if it is declining or increasing
Can we have a referendum like that about Subcarpathian Rus, as it was given to USSR without their consent, despite the popular support and campaign for it to stay within Czechoslovakia
I'm a little bit biased (i work as a tour guide here in Prague) but you can't get any better than the city that, as Franz Kafka puts it, "will never let you go".
Her last 5 minutes of fame before she resigns
i learned it in cursive, but i didnt like it, so i stuck with printed, despite my teachers forcing me to stick with cursive
Maybe op runs with a wild crew
Yes, the Kingdom of Hungary, which went through over 20 different monarchs in its history
We produce most cars per capita in the world, and around 26% of our whole industry is dedicated to production of cars and car parts
Even if that were true, so what?
I recognised tje beginning part right away as it set in national park Slovakian paradise on a famous viewpoint basically crawling with people taking photos
Not as common as McDonalds
Any archdukes around
So that's what he meant by Brexit.
Czechia in past 10 years had 5 Prime Ministers.
Who did prohibit McD from using local meat for their delicious burgers and why?
Except it will take literally decades untill that happens.
Felvidék was not part of Slovakia just sayin...
If you can score a house near High or Low Tatras you're golden
Gardening, cooking, carpentry, sports, writing video game mods.
As there are many Hungarians living in Slovakia, hungarian accent is pretty common in Tv (actors with hungarian ancestry) and even though they live in Slovakia their whole life sometimes they struggle to not to have proper accent and, exactly, mostly because the vowels are different in Hungarian
I see no problem, everything is true
When talking about Slovakia, we often get "Yeah yeah Slovakiaa, Czechoslovakia, Hamsik, Skrtel, Zdeno Chara, your president is amazing and you make a lot of cars" and after that, they are completely lost
it íznt bat oukéj
As Slovak I understand someone from Ostrava better,than someone from Prague
Plenty of foreign students as well
Smer is screamibg and president just goes "lol, make me".
And some did I think
Also in fact, we also have ships and they are bigger and better than theirs!
How does it relate to the map though
Same as if reddit removed your comments
You have to take an exam from a foreign language (B1 or B2 usually) in order to graduate from high school
> crazy chicken, hell midget, rabid bitch, cattle with shoes, vomited crow
mince (coins)
Can I get a link to some relevant tweets
>English and French
I can speak Czech but it sounds like a Slovak speaking Czech but I can do it fluently only stopping to think for a second to find the word for a broom which I imagine wouldnt happen if I would speak Czech more and more
Ugh, do you mean Slovenia
In many European countries we hear these big words about preserving our cultural heritage but it apparently doesn't apply to everything
Many Slovaks with gained education and experiences go back to Slovakia to force the country up.
That's a pair of well behaved and responsible cattle.
You may be joking but you are actually right.
Aki bújt aki nem megyek, at least for hide and seek
Yes
Paid overtime is paid too well (state mandated) to be broadly affordable for employers
The bonds are funded from EU budget
Probably [Sandberg] in Bratislava, which was a sea bottom/shore in the prehistoric times (millions of years ago), when Europe was under the sea
You wouldnt believe how much shit people I knew for years I seen have written on FB that would never speak openly in group of friends / colleagues / co-students.
I don't know about any such atrocity, but this was a harsh time when people revenged after the occupation and countless atrocities committed by Hungarians against Slovaks.
Names after weekdays - Spišský Štvrtok (Spiš Thursday), Spišská Sobota (Spiš Saturday), Dunajská Streda (Danube Wednesday), Rimavská Sobota (Rimavan Saturday)
It ended 30 years ago and since then countries in V4 were developing in different direction that Russia, Ukraine or Belarus
b**e**d, p**i**ece, l**o**ng [British]).
Hence why we should remove the whole consensus bullshit.
Thanks for your answer, at least now i can understand deeper your view on this problematic.
I have lived for 7 years in Prague
Anyway, if you ever pay a visit to Slovakia, I suggest to try bottled Steiger 10°, for similar reason tourists in Sweden try surströmming
The demonstrants threw stones on the armed column
A guy from my high school (in Košice) started an MLM in Eastern Slovakia that is getting quite big
So all within statistical error and may be result due to different polling methodology by different agencies.
Being a formerly relatively rich industrial region of Austria-Hungary, the region is full of valuable cultural heritage, nowadays often falling apart in run down towns
United Tumors Organization, tumor and nation similar word in SK.
There are at least two livestreams
But that would make Slovakia look too elongated :P
I mean, Slovak is the same - we have four declination patterns per gender :)
edit: using the same logic you could come up with a word for air: dychlo
No idea tbh, but isn't it almost irrelevant ?
The name in English is Our Lady of Sorrows, and yes, you're right
Don't think this subreddit reflects general European view on Russia please.
1) Yes, im movies
>People still work for wage
In bigger cities you have public transport cards that you pay for monthly, you just need to have it with you in the case of control
One of the first who attacked Lidl on Facebook because of this advert was a Prague chief of SPD.
I've seen some people doing it here as well, but we call the doll/effigy Morena instead
No offense, I know that Slovakia was part of Hungary, it's one of the reasons they consider themselves different from the Czechs.
>People lost their shit
the only thing someone will learn from it is that you can embezzle 1
He secretly collaborated with dissent underground movement, preparing an uprising against the nazi-aligned puppet government led by Jozef Tiso
Howewer people with foreign background are different that they should be able to speak for example polish or punjabi even if they can not write in such language, because they never learned it
Slovakia
Yeah I enjoyed times between wars better, than pre1914
I don't really know, that's what I assume
We don't even have any measures to do so, they're a sovereign country
can confirm, its probably the roma population
Probably the central North
Originally I thought that EU countires would have some norm at least in design, but obviously not (however, this applies to [driving licences] and passports)
>  Like if I say something like "I was walking down the street and I saw a yellow bus with an antenna on it" would that become "I was walking down street and saw yellow bus with antenna" (after writing that out that's kinda how we speak when we do eastern European impersonations)
This conversation frightens me.
I did precisely the same, for some reason I love military marches (be it German ones, French, Russian, Polish, Romanian)
never have I ever heard someone blasting wham
Or rather deactivated weapons that were sold legally: [Charlie Hebdo shootings: Automatic rifles used in Paris attacks traced to shop in Slovakia]
Yes, they are
I swear I have heard the name before but only now I know, why is it so sound
Also, 100% agree with BearStorms
Please try again <3
Bruh that socialism thing was a joke
If you don t understand the problem here than i won t waste my time with you.
Marián Kotleba
Now think about it
The moment you leave the strip so many weirdos on street
Yes
También me servirá para practicar mi pronunciación, ya que habla con mucha claridad
I think the issue is that so many people hyped it and I expected the best place on earth, when in reality it was just a cool city
sk, this website shows Public Transport schedules(Cestovné Poriadky)
to this my bisexual friend responded "so with this logic I can't be friends with anyone
There are many aspects like political alliances, military alliances, than obviously cultural, religions reasons, geopolitical and geographical.
There is only so much war one can wage without money
It doesn't explain the prevalence of hard drinks in Slovakia, Albania, Kosovo and Macedonia, neither for Bulgaria.
People tend to become very pale when they're sick
Swedish diplomat who saved 31,000 Jews from German concentration camps.
We have something similar with “mladý” or “mladej” in a dialect
Seriously
Of course, if the train could zig-zag a little, Munich would be included, maybe also Zaragoza and Bialystok
And now they go with that ridiculous "have cake and eat it".
Because Slovak people never had own country (first part of Great Moravia and then part of Kingdom of Hungary),always were part of someone unlike us, yes Slovakia is a new country,we are not.
"pppEter" - for international audience (as he has different accounts for czechoslovakia and rest of the world)
was mainly in Northern Slovakia and mostly in the nature.
That the bread you can buy in USA is not a bread but piece of shit
We are like Poland
so few of them wear masks, i hope it won't get overshadowed by corona
or didnt believe her because she was drunk etc
On the flipside, Jan Žižka and other hussites were religious fanatics that wanted a theocatic government, not unlike ISIS
Apparently Slovakia farms edible frogs but I haven't seen any anywhere
Basically there was a huge expulsion after WW1, especially in Bratislava and the west, mostly of Germans and Hungarians
English is quite hard to learn due to the fact that writing does not correspond with pronounciation of the words so you have to learn those two things separately
I also love the culture and people of the US, but I probably wouldn’t want to live there too long because of their ridiculous levels of capitalism
Torries and Nigel Faragepals will chat about EU unity.
I don't even understand how can you compare Algeria or Vietnam to Transylvania or Slovakia.
There's not just one way to look at it- you can look at it from your perspective, the perspective of the human lifespan and universal events for example
Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia
I don't mean in your general direction, but straight in your face
"pppEter" - for international audience (as he has different accounts for czechoslovakia and rest of the world)
The strict measures taken by general hygienist are due to that knowlegde
I love that song
In the capital city of Bratislava – dont talk shit about the city
Also, Slovakia as such never invaded Poland.
Austrian economy and salaries
I don't know what's the point here but I agree with you
But we definitely could do with less stag parties in Bratislava
While most of our words do sound the same, there are far to many spelling differences
And all the indian food
The more developed the country is, the more hidden is corruption.
He is quite known in 'ambient' music
I certainly don't doubt that lol, but some of the stuff I had to call them for could have been easily posted on their website
we would notice
But unfortunately it felt like people automatically assumed we are super rich or something and often treated us as a cashcow
There are some ATMs which check for the card’s origin country and request a fee if the card’s not local
Lóve
Slovakia...Slovakia feels like home.
It’s already possible in some places (e.g. London)
wow, you can use "ia" and "ija" in russian language, i have never thought of that
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of law
It seems like almost every Baltic person ashamed of being associated with the Slavic countries.
Yep, I love when my gov does pressers about how they did reconstruction of schools or this shit or that shit.
Czechs are way better at beer than we are:)
That must be a freaking hard job
I would do the same, rather then pay my scumbag  corrupt government that just splits it between few friends
Why Korea
Jánošík, our folk hero and legend, had a magic valaška which he used to steal from rich and gice to the poor
Beer is worse, most big brands are owned by Heineken and only the small brewers are worth a shot
The elections few weeks ago ended very badly and we're going to have another 4 years (since 2006) wasted without ANY progress at all.
Uniform weather is when it's the right time to wear an uniform
And i honestly thought nothing worse could happen to innocent people this year
It's not the East block in the 80's anymore, everyone have at least some kind of labeled clothing
So, the data will show her leaving home at the age of 28, even though she will not have lived with my parents for over 10 years by then
Thats a very British looking and sounding Dane
However, Kiev is quite large, so make a plan, get a map, and use the metro (it has the deepest station in the world!).
Košice, more than 200,000 people, direct flights to many Western European capitals and an old town prettier than in Bratislava
Slovakia: caputová Kofola
what I see in his face is the eternal disappointment in the unfairness of the life in that he is ugly and never has gotten much pussy
Ah, the nostalgia
The demonstrants threw stones on the armed column
Some consider Jozer Tiso as a national hero - the president of the first Slovak state, highly controversial
This means that when translating from English to another language you'll often get the wrong case, the wrong formality, and so on.
As far as i know (i may be wrong), our motorway was proposed to be built in the 70s, funny enough it was supposed to be built by japanese, in exchange for some processing waste from our industry we could not reuse, yet they had the technology
At one point she pulled out her phone and showed everyone this Hungarian empire map and said this is Hungary.
Always been
What was he doing in Irak
Well, everytime I meet a Slovakian who won't shut up about something, I can cite that graph :D
Also rocked by one corruption scandal after another, with police answering to minister of interior and prosecutory to parliament which is controlled by government majority and appoints directly general prosecutor whose primary job is to destroy any criminal proceeding where someone close to government is involved.
Well, if candidate has history of stealing 1 million euro and later building a casa from that money, I would care.
hat - kalap - from Hungarian "kalap"
1945 - 1948 - second Czechoslovakia (still had free elections)
I checked and it was 5,759 for Russia and 5,9 for Usa
How many AKP shills does it take to burn french flag in protest to Dutch gov actions?
Yeah, but Arch Enemy is garbage today
I'm still not used to it
Actually we use r as some kind of a vowel
Your nation will also lose any respect from the international community, as the escalation is clearly on your platter, your government fucked up; your military will pay with lives and your citizens will pay with humongous debt
I don't think anyone is suggesting that debt should grow forever.
So in practice we learn about the Golden Bull, the Battle of Mohács, but then there's focus only on the Turkish wars taking place in the North; we learn about the division of the kingdom, the uprisings, but then it's focused mostly on Royal Hungary
Also people are funny here
Then need to pick up something non European as Japanese or Swahlili
At least he was honest with his voters
So almost like brothers
You obviously are not going use the term czechia in portuguese, why would you
Is it a big cultural diffrence between Slovakia and Czech Republic?
Dark Tranquillity, At the Gate, In Flames, Meshuggah, and a shitton of others as well
) in conversation but officially it’s “Česká Republika”
And this was their biggest problem as they got older and started loosing hair
Which will work as fuck given that their idea of "coast guard" are misrata militiamen which are loosing power in Tripoli.
People were panic buying last week, now it is okay, except for my beans
It's also common to see peple drinking while riding a bus, as I also did many times before with friends
However, do I believe that there should be only European identity
As for the vibe, its seasonal, the best vibe is during the summer days, and then additionally for a few weeks during Christmas
>...Czech is the 2nd most known/spoken language in Slovakia
Blaming the Slovakian economy overtaking them recently to the EU?
Sometimes you may not even notice that you entered different country (well but now things are more complicated thanks to covid)
Western Europeans nations are so close together in economic, political or military ties that even with no NATO i can t imagine there could be war.
They do nice events
With none of the calming effect.
We are actually protesting a lot, but there's too much things
Always 10 years behind them in progress.
But Fillion wants to change it to more business oriented.
For some bizarre and inexplicable reason, the southernmost dress looks very Slovak.
Lebanon was for 30 years in civil war between various groups despite no significant climate change.
)~~
Czech: Jsi velice krásná/ý má/múj drahá/ý.
The slightly confusing structure of the questions only adds to the chaos.
There were few such attempts in slovakia, and people always voted for the "second worse", even the last presidential election were on that route, if the other candidate won, we would have very different political situation over here and we will be there with poland and hungary
Good leader does what is necessary, not what is popular.
It just led to raise of a strong opposition and separatism movements in regions with minorities and that led into dissolvement of the monarchy post-WW1
i know it's a joke, but the joke is that the picture overexaggerates the fact that only so few cases are confirmed because they tested only a small sample
Especially German population is now strongly opposed to any further accessions.
"Czechlands" is a neologism, (in addition, it cannot be translated into Czech as Česko, but Českozemsko - and we already do not have provincial arrangement).
I met maybe 2 or 3 people who I could not tell they were Slovaks
BUt we actually can't. We understand, but nobody speaks it
Bremen: Mercedes assembly
The names are Milestii Mici (the largest, visitors get to drive their own car inside) and Cricova (the one with Putin; tourists are driven by road trains)
What does your current itinerary look like, where are you spending maximum number of days?
Also slovenia, croatia use latin, i think serbians use both to some degree
Well, and if there was no ban on shopping on Sunday would they not be with the family?
1369
Imagine that, considering how well their intervention to help save Poland (but actually to murder its intelligentsia and carve it up) went a year later
Because why wouldn't they do it if they can
Whelp
At least my friends from Moravia, who said that what we do in Slovakia with sprinkling and whipping girls is a stupid tradition
James Madison and James Wilson were strong proponents of popular election, but couldn't get consensus through slaver states so here you go, Trump and Bush.
But I know our 2 main companies in industry sector are Slovnaft in Bratislava (Slovak fuel refinery) and USS in Košice (United States Steel- The name speaks for itself pretty much)
My calorie counter app has all nutrients listed in it as well so I'm fine, thanks for your concern
Yup, definitely wasn't universal, but in many villages people still fondly remember their Herzog or Herzogin, purely from tales of their grandmothers.
In college I knew a couple of guys who used to start the night with quad shots and know a bar that only serves doubles after midnight and has discount on triple shots
What about Obchodná in bratislava, there is a fight almost every weekend, sometimes multiple ones
Why can't we have our Slovakia?
I don't know what this guy's talking about, but shark finning is banned all over EU:
If you turn it off and remove the pan, the surface stays hot and is indicated either with "H" as very hot or "h" for hot and takes some time to cool down, but it's definitely not as hot it would boil water...say 50-60c.
Then you simply get on, "mark" the ticket in the bus and get off
The same in Slovak - veverica
Austria for being a economic and social role model (so we see how to improve ourselves in this regard)
Not taking off your shoes when you get home or for visit
> ~~Identity~~ politics is a cancer upon society
I heard before Slovakia joined the EU, there was a lot of noise regarding Hungarians.
So I just believe women like it warmer and work better when they are now to shivering from the cold
Do they realse they can fly away to a different city
Spain, France, Finland, Czechia, Slovakia and Romania appear to have this characteristic.
why am I thinking of mermaid-ish shapes tho
PM fought for more people
Also, the job market, are there any significant differences that you found strange
I was mainly in Northern Slovakia and mostly in the nature.
I found that the sentences have a similar structure, as opposed to say, from Slovak to German
Not really, a friend from there told me its pretty hard and he could tell despite being native speaker.
We have nothing to brag about with these shitty mobile internet plans
Notable mention to Charles's University in Prague too
That a mark of an authoritarianism, of a government who wants to control and extort their people
As an avid skier I hate apre ski
Living in Slovakia: many restaurants have lunch menus (soup + main course) for
They do, for instance Jaguar is making a substantial investment in Slovakia (1,5 billion €).
And if its China to fill the gap first, and it very well looks like they are capable of it, then China will displace the US step by step.
*disagrees in Slovak*
Those are not soldiers
Even if so, the subsequent elections confirmed that decision.
Uhorsko means, if I am not mistaken, “country by the mountains”
Every now and then a ticket inspector comes and controls everyone, and if you travel without a ticket, gotta pay a 50€ fine
Its the same with Brits and Germans.
these are like classics lol
Also makes me feel a bit - ups I said a bad word whereas in english its fuck fuck cunt whatever, just foreign language
I don't know many Slovak Hungarians, but Slovak nationalists, alt-righters, and other right-wing extremists seem to have a boner for Orbán (his disdain towards immigrants, liberal democracy, the LGBTQ community, etc
I love the Swarm
Almost any solution would be better than what is going on now.
That opens the space for some other words:
How do you even teach biology without evolution
**eu**, **un** **haiduc**
Prešov Region in Slovakia, I go there to ski in winter or hike in summer almost every year since I was a child.
UFO bridge in Bratislava , or upside down pyramid,  that works as Slovak TV and Radio brodcaster
They had to replace that 'filthy cosmopolitan society' by 'pure' slavic peasants.
But now with fully automated industries it makes zero sense
the feelings may not be mutual atm
It's often the behaviour, body language (or even bad smell) how you recognise a "gypsy" on the street
Vy v Srbčine nemáte 'y'?
The old witch is dead
Lot of super expensive parties and people basically glued to each other in pools
Our prime minister Igor Matovič was roasted for half an hour by a radio talk show host, towards whom the PM was remarkably submissive, and in the end the host announced him, that one of the PM's political partners, the minister of economy Richard Sulík, had once again overtly defied his strategy to fight the pandemics, to which the PM reacted in live broadcast not too unlike Hitler in the famous scene from Der Untergang, first ranting against Sulík and demanding his demission, then breaking down and almost crying, powerlessly
Though in recent Slovak news I’ve read we have scary high pollution numbers in the air
You are an idiot if you attack other person without no reason.
I mean here cities and public transport is completely deserted for a week
It still amaze me why Slovakia get so much land with cleary hungarian population, is not like Slovakia have any historical borders...
He can still drink a kofola
Austria is 130 on paper but more like 100 or 80 kmh with the very fun IG-L restrictions
It's the same thing with China and Russia; they don't do it out of love from their hearts, but because of their own problems.
When you are on the bottom you can only grow, no wonder.
I have no problems with Slovakia or Slovaks.
It does resemble "obliged", doesn't it
Also we generally greet people in the countryside and small towns
subway you mean
Would it be big difference if telephoto lens werent used?
Trying really hard to not include baltics in Nothern or Eastern Europe I see
Besides, what's the point of having the EU if companies need to adapt to local markets?
Your "Novorossiya" project failed, even in Russia you must realize this.
well now I also started learning Russian and I'm much more aware of all these tricky things.
At one moment, I felt completely tired and sleepy, confused why as the sun was still high up, but then it made sense looking at the watch as it was close to midnight
Where you from
half-eagle
Of course there is some webcam pointing at it, even though most of the time it probably shows almost still picture
That is literally the first time I hear about this
So she would have to pay for two cars' parking even though I'm not even there (we both own cars)
Czech Republic
The little things are changing and it's nice
However having said that, this is about english language not about portuguese or slovak
Funny NATO armies like French or German one can only intervene in regions like Balkan and even there they will probably experience difficulties to fight local people not even army.
Until her death she always had the idea to become again fit enaugh to return home.
It could do much worse than Slovenia, they could get Slovakia
Please be blue, please be blue, please be blue, ......
I have always thought that Sydney is one of the best places to live in.
Or, if you are in Turku, you go to that yellow shack for some makkaraperunat
Czech Republic hasn't been a fully separate entity since the 14th century when they were consumed by the Austrian kingdom.
Every officer is armed with handgun, and there is one assault rifle in all patrol cars - this rule was established after 2010 shooting in Bratislava, where officers with handguns couldn't stop active shooter armed with military grade VZ58 assault rifle
He's always trying to make stupid rules in parliament, to make it harder for opposition, he loves Russia  and usually talks against official Slovak position
Sorry if im wrong but didnt Cyril and Methodius invent the alphabet by request of Rastislav of Great Moravia
I would probably drown in the Morava river while smuggling
He died in 1984
Topic was about terrosism and radical islam yet you came up with mafia and gangs from what was back than largest immigrant wave in the world (late 19th, early 20th century in NE Usa).
Can we just transport all EU to another planet
I am also a czech citizen
Robot is from Czech Republic originally
I wonder where the data has been sourced.
While one goes to jail, the other keeps enjoying state money for his orgies with women
Not everyone in Latin America has spanish blood.
&#x200B;
Nowadays I am a completely loyal beer person, and I always look back to Branik thinking
IIRC from 70 pages, 50 were just copied, direct translation from Czech
1968
I like this about europeans a lot
FUCK NO WAY I FUCKING
When I was a kid, I didn’t know that not all counties in Europe are also in the European Union
If I get a lifetime supply
In the 19th century it's mainly about the conflict of Hungarian and Slovak national movements
Well, imagine if they seized their patents and kept auctioning them until the 13bln.
at least it rhymes
Gods gifts bringing with them, bread and salt to emperor,
Yeah, I just wasn't aware at the time and assumed it was just the basic G much like our American friend.
She is hated across the board by every other voter.
There were no Finns using them
Fuck, that's hot
Just the quotas for "work and travel" are so low for my country that all spots were gone in couple of minutes after it was possible to apply earlier this year.
How clueless can you get
Lithuania tourism chief quits after it revealed that pictures of Finland, Slovakia were used to promote the country
He never really talked about it with them tho
Dunajska Streda or Dubajska Streda as in the home of Docasny Slovaks (Temporary Slovaks) and it's region: a country within a country, where there are billboards in Hungarian and most of the events and other stuff is in Hungarian
If it was some random slovak person, it wouldnt bring so much attention
The suns replies again: "Good afternoon Erich"
If you can score a house near High or Low Tatras you're golden
apparently one
In this case, because it is lobbying by business people, it is fascism.
It's not, but UK is kind of an exception in this regard
No issues with them
Yeah but they are doing a good thing.
And it can sometimes be cheaper than buying locally (it usually doesn’t happen though, but can and does still happen sometimes)
overall I find the whole Roman era very fascinating
But I would generally consider it safe.
those who are not of Slovak nationality and white race are trash, no matter if they are citizens of Slovakia, same low level as people from other countries.
Prvé podlažie - first floor (the street level)
Nope, it is a pretty straightforward conclusion, just look at where the text is positioned.
Experiencing major upvote envy for not sharing my photo of this from August
His landlord just been sentenced to jail and his neighbour is spending nights at max sec prison, looking at lifesentence
[Goral] [Rusyn] and [Romani] are the first ones which come to my mind
We share a common history (of over 70 years), traditions, culture, food, etc
Or are you saying Slovenia isn't Balkan?
fun fact: Daenerys is a version of ancient greek name
Majority of Slovaks would use this state run app on Android phone, so Google will get their data and revenue anyway.
I eat meat for special occasions, like visiting, or when I went to an Iraq wedding or in Kenya or family tamales in Mexico
I’m also joking around, although the conversation about moving to Europe is becoming more real and will definitely become more serious if Donald wins again
They never will go of these things.
I was surprised to learn it too
Czechs are proud of their currency and their central bank is a very respected institution
Some consider Jozer Tiso as a national hero - the president of the first Slovak state, highly controversial
The 900k one is based on 2010 censuses so that is hardly up-to-date.
&#x200B;
20° during the night was like special occurring mentioned in news
Czech Republic and Hungary mostly
I have no idea who started it
They have few similar words
That’s just strange, I mean I get it, but still, it’s a bit strange
Well and thats tragic, in my point of view
I think other muslim countries shitting on France right now does not help, they are basically siding with the terrorist
Biden won by an incredibly thin margin and that just goes to show how many fans Trump and the Republicans have in the US
Oh yeah women, always gotta wear make-up
Maybe go visit some other landmarks like Říp or Ještěd.
) and eaten as a snack
For example Slovaks can submit essays and thesis in their language at out universities.
Look at our Parliament
If I understand this correctly, he will be president for another 3 years
The core of such army would have to be combined armies of France, Spain, Poland and Germany because the rest is too irrevelant, corrupt and poor or just Belgian like
Honestly, "an army that is almost never used except in cases so dire it forces consensus" sounds like finally good plan for an army.
Párek v rohlíku
That dude is legendary for his speaking skills
E.g. getting your university card (entitling you to free travels by trains within Slovakia and several other discounts)
Vienna, Vienna, Vienna, Vienna, Bratislava
I miss cafe bars a lot
wow, I don't want to know what it actually tastes like now that I'm used to finer beers
Can Bellen challange the result if he looses, given that he won last time?
But again, this is just my opinion.
And wikileaks ran and promoted the story.
I dunno I read it on the internet now, it doesnt look like something I read years ago, since that was even written in older language
Do you have dirt and trash lying around your house
Pretty standard for hiking
If something serious with worldwide impact happened it can be more
Even Vladimir Putin celebrated his 50th birthday there
I've been able to avoid trouble so far
Like am I here to amuse you
That's right
We would top both dishes with smoked bacon
Nooo, hej no
it’s not original, not cool and not true
Yes, in russia yes
Though I can only think of what would've been if not for years of his moronic policies.
She is also friends with animals
I can guarantee you that without the US support these European funny (British, French or German) armies are just good for cleaning Russian toilets.
In a fully "developed" monetary union we would also see greater economic convergence, and major fiscal transfers, which would balance out the uneven distributions of benefits of the currency, but that is simply not yet there.
Hey what do you say about Malaga, Santiago de Compostela and Bilbao
Asking the important questions.
39 main dialects that are divided into village dialects (neighboring villages do not speak the same)
Driving laws
Our police used [this] during EU summit in Bratislava.
Before you telling that it is all ok there was after dividing?
Thats why I like being an EU citizen
I bet you know that polandball strip where every countryball says "tak" and they all mean something different, right
There is still this macho mentality in the country even tough now it is more about minority, but you can easily find a person who knows how to protect himself
Merkel is decent, but I'd like to see someone more left-wing who would ease up austerity that's hurting Southern Europe.
I fell in love with Tenerife when I was there for two weeks because the people were very nice and carefree and apparently the weather is nice most of the year (I prefer temps 15-25)
In fact, their system works so well people from other countries migrate there to realise their dreams
Also how is my sentence about Samo subjective but yours about Moravia isnt
Anton Bernolák - first successful codification of the Slovak language
That's a long time
I have learned a new thing, however having said that, it looks super chaotic (and reminds me a bit of thai), i wish i saw armenian handwriting/cursive, if there is such thing
I don't know how to change it, and I don't care to
In Slovakia there's also Harry Potter
But anyway, leaving Ukraine to Russia to do whatever it wants won't affect Britain or France.
I am a girl so going to a dirty toilet is bit too much for me
Saatana menee kotiin
I'm no economist whatsoever, but you can't directly compare Slovakia with Poland simple because of population (= economies) size.
"Mr Putin has pledged to defend ethnic Russians wherever they live."
Starting a fight
That we are East Europe
Almost every region has it's own accent
And that's often us
I really do
My assumption was that they are going to be exiting right soon and are just nice enough to use the shoulder so as to not block traffic going straight, as this is often done this way in Slovakia
I agree with you, but some movements take it to far like Kotleba in Slovakia wearing hlinka guard uniforms and glorifying it's fascist history during WW2.
This is the sound of train moving on rails with gaps
**Coalition:**
Don’t enter restaurants in city centre where a guy standing in front is handing out menus and calling you in
He made it private so nobody could read it
Fun times
You could say the same in UK of 70s and thise that were in 20s then last year voted majority for Brexit.
r/JuropijanSpeling a bit
+ they are the biggest ethnicity in Europe (slavs)
Don't know whether that's true for the whole country though
Caputova vibes
Bratislava castle or Bojnice castle
A huge number of abortions performed in Slovakia is actually done for Polish women
the detail in the drawing is amazing
There were no Finns using them
They are very obsessed with public transport and sometimes have radical opinions about how the city or public transport should look like - without actually ever doing anything about it
so much powerwashing porn potential
How come, that much poorer countries (Baltic states, Slovakia) adopted Euro and they grow a lot?
OH yeah, we are definitely, 100% a central europe
It was progressive socialist democracy.
Well, PKK has been around for much longer than Erdogan so its not that much tied together, I suppose.
And what happened to them is exactly what happens to mafia leader when he opposes other mafia leaders.
Yes, Europe is great
It is a mind-numbingly gigantic country.
Western Europe generally benefits from it
> I went to school few years ago, might be more PC now, but I remember how hated the hungarians were portrayed in there, like satan himself is down under those boarders
You does not even have to learn it.
were sentenced to death or to prison
French
never have I ever heard someone blasting wham
If not from CZ, maybe try English since your accent in Czech could complicate things I guess
And it is doubly funny because it is in poland
no wait thats different continent
you are right, but i skipped such category, because it is pretty logical - like nobody is asking why French is more relevant in Maghreb than in Libya.
Czechia, Hungary and Poland included but Slovakia isn't? ok
Glad you knowing
Heck I'd be glad to reach 30k like Czech Rep., Slovenia, Slovakia and (almost) Estonia.
Whaaat, do people in Norway still know how to wash dishes manually
Tria
We Slovaks have it better than Romanians, most Hungarians in Slovakia like the country and most Hungarian Hungarians barely know we exist
How long did it take to secure our borders?
I love how languages works as this
Driving on fucking tram tracks at 4AM
Freedom of choice and right to refuse doesn't say anything about freedom from consequences
Pretty large startup scene
Sometimes, during high-activity events (like Christmas markets), there are officers with assault rifles or even fully geared solders walking around
Overall I see the free movement as something very positive.
This pretty much made headlines today in Slovakia
Unfortunatelly some names that were changed recently , like Partizánske (partisans town) or Slovenské Nové Mesto "slovak new city" that is a village
I think permanent residence is more important than citizenship when it comes to voting rights.
anyway, the Polish one is interesting, it's a combination of Slovak "dvoma" and Czech "dvěma", cool.
A music to my ears
thanks for this great summary, I wouldn’t write it better
THe trees don't even move so bad, but all the people fell down
I mean just because they are jews they dont have with agree with them.
Possibly more slavic languages
As far as I know, Kocel - Pribinas son, is a historical persona in Slovenia
I think majority of people would have no problem actually speaking Czech
Greece is included in original [survey]
You think it's "statistically simple to solve" a home break in?
I agree with that, definitely
Hvala works for the whole former Yugoslavia, except for DPRM
I learned to ignore the messages very easily
"Now you see me" is translated as "Podfukári" which means "scammers".
We call it "Press Conference" (tlačová porada/shortly it's tlačovka)
Every local and their dog knows that it was Russian army tank brigade there that obliterated Moldovan army that was stationed in Bendery and was poised to attack Tiraspol.
To be honest, it's often because right wing politicians tend to be populist, as talking about what is un/popular, if needed paining it darker of lighter and without offering any actual solutions to the exaggerated, made up or in the odd chance real problems and generally just saying what people want to hear without planning to do anything about it in the odd chance that they get elected.
I think he meant kofola
From 34:00 he delivers a short Christmas speech to the people where he apologizes for ruining everyone's Christmas with lockdown, because of an *idiot* minister, as he puts it
But don't worry I am sure you still look good
There are streets where it can't even drive through or fit in parking spots, and I would spend half my salary just for gas
Its so nice and comfy
Le Pen chances were never good.
Ah yes, my beautiful nation
Like, I would not want to play Warcraft 3 without the Czech dub, it's just too good and iconic
None of the people mad about it ever read it and dont understand it
On the other hand, nearly 20% of the population is proud of the puppet Slovak state and it's actions, so I'm not that suprised about their ignorance towards Hungarians
Dead, caught Hep C after birth in the hospital
We in Slovakia call Germany Nemecko (which, come to think of it now, also translates to land of the mute people)
Come over here and get a ball, I'll get an angle grinder
Usually drunk british tourists start fights
Houses are cheap and you'd be surprised by the changes in the last few years alone.
It's clear that Czechs were dominant partners in this relationship and this was recognized abroad as well where we all were called just Czechs instead of cumbersome Czechoslovaks
Czechia can be confused with Chechnya in the same way the Czech Republic can be confused with the Chechen Republic as was proved in Boston bomb attack in 2013.
That of course, because we used to be a part of the same country and we (at least in Slovakia) still watch a lot of movies/TV shows and whatnot in Czech if Slovak dub/sub isn't available
Sometimes you pay like one euro for Styrofoam
I wish it was higher up :( I love going over, especially Praha and Krumlov, but I rarely get the chance, unfortunately
we feel you
We have this guy called Andrej Danko
If you count castle ruins too, it's very very likely
Yes, we have the black cat too
Yeah
No, real culprit are mosques financed by radical muslims and brainwashing young people to commit crimes.
Like, seriously, the times I've seen British tourists acting worse than Chinese tourists is incredible
[rohlík] a long bread roll you can buy anywhere in Slovakia, Czech republic and Hungary but basically nowhere outside of those countries, which is horrible, because it costs less than 10 cents and is perfect for sandwiches
Well
Last accession was Croatia and literally no one even noticed.
* We - ďakujeme
It would be very interesting to see what would happen of they just let us be in 1968
But yeah, maybe hungary is above czechia in the matter of ammount of facts learned in history classes, not against that idea
This point can be either between Ireland and UK or Ireland and EU but is simply has to be.
In practice, nothing would change but UK would be basically out.
2004 was 17 years ago
Then, you also have plenty of private schools that are often uni-lingual with a foreign language only
So sitting on a terrace is hard sometimes
**And then Soviets won** *(actual spoiler part of this sentence)*." This is how spoilers work I believe
I dont
Hungary
If that one is out of the game they might move on something more dangerous
Generally really experienced guy who seen shit first hand.
Are they common in Croatia
It's normal to demand it, but EU has its own philosophy when it comes to a single market known as "four freedoms" one of which is the free market upon which it is built.
This rule apply most of the time, so there are plenty of people going 130 on a 70km/h road that can barely fit two cars, and same ammount of people who go 90km/h on a highway
You obviously wouldnt use "Czechia" in portuguese, as it makes no sense
Christmas ain't about religion anymore
Cool but do you mean Buda or Pest
Some of our politicians should re-read this part
Isn't *mien* an adjective rather than a declined nown?
Well
Lets make his first tripto Raqqa.
Maybe you haven't noticed but the leader of Iran is a religious dictator for life that has the last word in everything
Hey we don't need you
(or they got the shades wrong)
And with the rise of status of geeks - when they got good paying jobs as software engineers and so on - this type of fashion somehow also got elevated in status
Tallinn-Helsinki undersea tunnel, Fehmarn Belt fixed link, Messina bridge, Adriatic-Ioannic highway
Under 20 i will be hugging the radiator and put a coat on
Australia is too good for this, can't be second, Australia is the best in the World.
The point is it wasn't a relatively small town, in the Middle Ages, it was the second biggest Czech town
Granted, there are tourist traps there, but there are few and far between compared to Prague
I can understand Czechs fluently and vise versa
And there aren't drinking fountains all over the place like in the US
Your companies have cheap workforce avaliable and large export territories.
That is actually very possible.
Just Байкал.
That's what they were labeling him anyway, and it was meant as an insult
You could have just said that you consider proper grammar to be fluent
I really like our president so I wouldn’t change her
I have literally family members living in Hungary and Austria,, and working in slovakia, they drive every day to bratislava
You can't have one without the other as that wouldn't work, because if it did, all of the world would work just fine with the UN, but as we all know it doesn't work that well without a political union.
23C right now @ 41% humidity
I mean- how far from town are those hills?
Some Slavic languages still use traditional Slavic month names (which differed by country/region and time period, you can see unor, luty and veljaca are still used), while others have switched to the Latin names some time in the past.
With the end of the Warsaw pact, a lot of military factories were closed down in Slovakia and many Slovaks saw Havel as their enemy, not to mention the fact that Slovaks were clamoring for independence since forever, see the first Slovak Republic.
In visual arts, we have a big Andy Warhol Museum of Modern Art in Medzilaborce, near the hometown of his parents
Drink ?
A bus ride to Bucharest, Sofia, Istanbul and Athens are next.
We use this term in Colorado
It’s fucking atrocious
How about your country
&#x200B;
They are clearly Hungarian soil!
" which I think is a pretty appropriate reaction
They seem to be a bit dismissive of the existence that
Fuck you -Czechoslovakia
Probably the three leaders of 1848 (Stur,  Hurban and Hodza), who also established the base for current Slovak language
Educated citizens dont vote for them.
Well
Naturally, that's what Erdogan, Putin, Orban, our very own belowed Fico (Slovak Republic) and others do too
If not that also [Vlkolinec] aka traditional folk village
Both Czech and Slovakian are alien af, but Slovakian is slightly less so and I, at least, can guess the grasp of general thought from spoken Slovakian, not so from Czech.
We were Austria-Hungary until 1st world war
Kinda jealous ngl
Based
Some of thr best philosophy discussions in cafes ever
To be insufferably pedantic, not bulgarians but bulgars
I’m Slovak, so no issues there
Like someone brown skinned, or specifically from kaukaz
Yes sure tell me other bed time story please
Honestly the only statistic where Europe does better than the US, is quality of life for the lower class and for a section of the middle class.
Is this normal
My nasadneme do tankoch
I meant that electric cars are not emission-free, their emissions are released in your power plant.
I was becoming too recognisable.
Most of the people not as the primary source of heat
Consonants, goulash and saunas
Kotleba - leader of LSNS was until he was elected to parliament regularly calling NATO terrorist and criminal organization and he wants referendum about NATO - our membership in NATO - which i believe will be possible from 2019 based on our agreements with NATO - so i expect him to try referendum on this topic in 2020 probably.
European far right calls for end to Schengen after Berlin suspect shot
Usually whatever’s nearby, but preferrably Kebab in a wrap (Dürüm/Yufka/...)
The Islamic Foundation in Slovakia estimates the number at around 5,000.
If 10% applies for asylum, should Europe take in and process 120 million refugees?
Some people are, luckily not most of them
During the Slovak State
That's stupid
well written :D orwell must be turning in his grave
Thats because expansion have its price, you cant expect lets say Romania to be at the level of Western Europe in 10years.
Nothing else just Lunik 9 is Slovakia
Plays normally, that leads me to one conclusion
This is considered there no-story.
BoJo is actually an improvement
Does not get much better
That's, and I hate to use that word, pretty cringe
I suppose the prices in Slovenia are similar to ours
true
Eastern germany
I see you're a man of culture as well
I would never call the normal ones that, I don't even aknowledge them being roma since I don't see them by their race, I don't really care about it
We did manage to get PM the fuck out and nearly gave him a stroke
Czech-oh-and-Slovakia
What's the state public transport in the US
I dont really east meat so for me it was a pass
Yes, Aspic is the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted
It will not change within next 20 years.
When Erdogan popularity eventually falls, he will be called secret Armenian anyway, so we may as well roll with it now.
Oh, wow I had not idea that existed
cockito ergo cum
Yeah, but when I think vegetarian, UK cuisine does not exactly jump into my mind
The median age is however increasing, but I think that's the case for most of Europe
Hungarians lost WW1 and pissed off all non-hungarian nations living in Hungarian empire.
[our president a.k.a. the fashion police, approves
432k tickets win 7€, 485k tickets win more, highest price is 150000€. It’s almost 1:6 chance to win something but the jackpot is 1 in a million and nothing extra
In Slovakia our seniors like very much teleshopping
It's not rare, that Czechs and Slovaks have different view on the historical events.
And your private data is now public
Sure, [there are extensions] that remove the warning, however they need to correctly guess what part of the site is the warning.
Faro is, though
Sometimes it's both
Why some austrians going to shopping to Slovakia trash things
We a don t have many muslims, so average Slovak thinks about you that you are the same.
Yeah, we're lucky it's lockdown
Sure, Karosas are also carved deeply into everyone's memory, but the Ikarus door were mesmerizing
It is ok, most people use Europe for EU.
When the flag is oriented like this
And where it sat during accession?
They were so heartbroken
I think langoš is more applicable (even if it's a hungarian invention)
It's so beautiful
So, life was not bad
It is not the same if you use it the other way
It's as if American citizens should get away with crime, like what the fuck
They claim having no such list, it is all conspiracy theorist
Hungarians and compromise in 19th century went together about as well as pineapple and pizza.
I really liked the Slovakia [song] in 2012.
Goddamn patriots, they ruined patriotism
Checks and balances work well, the 2 party system is the problem
Neboj sa, ja tiež nič nerozumiem
I suppose it is Deianira
Why is there so many posts regarding homosexual deviation recently ?
This pretty much made headlines today in Slovakia
And that there was a so called "Hyphen War" about the new name of Czechoslovakia (Československo) in 1990 after the fall of communism
Not worth even talking about it - corruption rate is high
Ofc not all the Hungarians are the like that
Or original
US is more like a rebellious kid that has a complicated relationship with his parents but deep inside he still loves them
However I would never ever want to be born there
French are really good at self despicable treatment
Yeah, like I said, I assume the "imperial part" (aka most of which is Slovakia now) was more well treated, I was thinking more of the other part and when they were taken back.
And is about as far away from the centre of the country as it can be
I'm a Hungarian from Slovakia and from my experience yes, girls and boys can definitely be friends
I was hoping to learn about some really oddly specific foreign words and explainations, how did people learn them
"Czechoslovak union of gardeners" and "Czechoslovak hunter association".
The best appeal of Vegas for me its the location to national parks
Probably because Poland is the biggest country celebrating it
That is pretty depressing statement.
The worst thing I recall about Malmo is that fugly skyscraper.
Alexander Dubček
No, I don't think most Slovaks see our common state as oppressive or illegitimate
Kinda like not inviting your neighbours to your house for dinner cause they're not family isn't punishment, it's just not granting them privileges that stem from being a family member
There are recordings of the broadcast available online, although only in Slovak, which is maybe good, because I really felt sorry for the PM, as I admire his genuine dedication to the fight against the pandemics, which is something that shouldn't be mocked in any case, but I wonder if any such thing has ever happened elsewhere, because I don't remember a similar scene in the history of my country's politics and I wonder how special it really is
Executive 1: You are right no one knows Denmark has monarchy, lets just make him look british
I was told that majority of rural Hungary is like that
( some sentences make sense completely, other have strange words, others are completely strange)
Is still in love with his ex
It also influenced the presidental elections with social democrats losing to our current president Čaputová
He should be behind bars and not in TV discussion as candidate for president
But i cant imagine a change
We get them a lot in Bratislava on Saturdays, Fridays and it can get wild
Which has nothing to do with the topic.
It's like explaining w to a Slovak where that sound only really exists as a part of ô /wo/.
Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Greece, Cyprus, Montenegro, Kosovo, Slovenia, Austria, Slovakia, Germany, Italy, San Marino, Vatican, Malta, Portugal, Spain, Andorra, Monaco, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Ireland all use only Euro and for the sake of simplicity I'd exchange into Euros.
In Slovak this is a nightmare
> Paul Ricard
The Permanent Residency status laws are extremely outdated, and the process of changing your permanent residency is rather involved
Oh man i wonder when will it change
And Brexit recently
People are not able to differentiate between various muslim people.
This is true
Neither is harboring sympathies to PKK.
Germans usually don't care that much.
How I envy you
I always thought it's because it resembles cat's claws
The strict measures taken by general hygienist are due to that knowlegde
[Here's] a table for 2015 and 2016
That's why I vastly prefer Bratislava
The Anglosphere at it again
Does this mean we can finally stop hearing about Brexit every week
Why some austrians going to shopping to Slovakia trash things
There are food products cheaper im Hungary and Slovakia buy usually lower quality or with short expiration date and price differences so low not making it worth the travel.
Borders are purely political bullshit that was mostly argued hundreds if not thousands of years ago
as there is a proof that it exists as a given name
Invited Warsaw pact tanks to shut down the Prague Spring of 1968
Normal thing, but it does not happen often, people dont go to restaurant to eat up and leave, we go there to eat some, drink some, talk some and have a nice evening/noon/whatever part of the day but rarely breakfast
said the Eastern German
And gloves
It's sad that it's required but it's beautiful that it's happening.
Yes, of course, it's just that Partizánske has outgrown the original "Bata town" significantly, so I picked Svit
come on now
I've been there a few years ago and was excited to see those gigantic mysterious boulders that people just can't seem to shut up about
Also Dubai went past me
On one hand, people say Russia is a poor country and its economy is falling but on the other hand they are secretly controlling every single right wing movement in the West.
Our public TV has a lot of Italian content for some reason
As mentioned below, they dont have veto power, but they can make life difficult as Croatia is doing to Serbia.
Some of us would love to, there are proposals to make it, officially, a M. R. Štefánik remembrance day
It was fantastic
The title literally brought tears to my eyes omg
Some regulations since not all of EU can fit onto Canary Islands
I love the famous statue, the buzz at the port, I hate the McDonalds in Joker shopping mall, love your new business district, the pedestrian zones near the bus terminal in city center, all the small little shops and streets full of life
♫♫♫♫ End whú du jú fink ju áár, Raning 'raund líving skááááááárs ♩♫♫♫♬♬♬♬
Sadly, it's not happening in the near future
Though I find it weird that they didn't measure the lexical distance between Hungarian and Slovak.
Czechia - We shared most of our history together, like we were one state longer than we were sepparated, and lived thru most of the both wars together
Even can sleep there
Slovakian author Andrej Sladkovic:, poem Marina;
For me the same, even my hometown of 80k people has more to offer
Mind the comma, UK !
Well that's also the thing
> one letter corresponds to — gasp
Longer answer: yeees
Give it a few months and it may be + 25mil before you know it.
I also don't have it for some reason, and my younger sister does
Slovaks "won" the victor's side by Slovak national uprising
I think other muslim countries shitting on France right now does not help, they are basically siding with the terrorist
* *male virgin predators*
Did you read the title and the article?
Greetings from Slovakia
I don't know what exactly that is but some food made from liver
We have corrupt communist as prime minister who makes population so furious that it gives rise to far right parties and only got to power because of betrayal of two right wing parties who promised their voters they wont join them and took them 5 days to break that promise.
Everybody here just waits for what Mutti's response will be
I remember people buying dolars and euros in case the situation gets even worse
How do you pronounce Cochem in German
This whole "Big hungary, magyar hungary" thing started around 1850 with the thing i linked above.
These Skyrim mods have gone out of hand lately
I basically only play Dota 2 and it has a Czech language option, but categorisation is very important in dota
Slovakia too
Is this actually true though
If they immigrate to the country no problem, I know some, but the pub crawls parties are the worst
Possession of cold weapons (pepper spray, knife, baton, boxer, gas pistol etc
Implying that people have to get through the fields in order to reach the capital city
Are there many people who learn it
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
Definitely Polish
He loved it
As far as I remember, and google says, its NATIONAL party.
//edit: oh I forgot one thing
That's not to say either region is better than the other, it's simply demographics.
Prdel, zadok, riť
Why should a better team lose
However they weren’t the only ones participating and maintaining the regime
You already have enough Serbs and Ukrainians and they aren't exactly nice neighbours
Yeah buying Adidas Sneakers for 65 € is the height of luxury for me lol
When you drink, its because you are thirsty, either for sustenance or for experiences
If it weren't for the US this whole incapable continent would be laughable toy for Russia.
But I think you can use police in singular too, when you rather mean the whole organization, can't you
But the more you look into his reign, the worse it gets
I don't know anyone who carries a pepper spray or a knife
FTFY
Well, here in Slovakia we dont have such a ban.
Here in Slovakia we don´t have US bases and nobody wants them.
Nice, what would you say is there average salary most people live off in Slovenia
People over 30 who are not so much in this stuff and have more information about you and especially foreign policy are very critical about your government not ordinary citizens.
In Czech it's kale
In Slovakia I sometimes even don't know where one country ends and other starts
From a distance he hears a shout: "Go fuck yourself I'm in the west
Love my "Czechoslovak" nation
I think this is the case
> but sadly vast majority of czechoslovaks still wanted communists in charge
I learned quite late at 9
Why would you use english term in portuguese, you dont do that to other words
*Slovenkia
But if they speak proper slovak with just accent, it is understandable but a bit annoying as the accent is totally the other way around and the dynamic is different
Better not talk about the terrorist, rather about victims, and show no fear
If you leave your family behind, then you are hardly "fleeing".
"I mean we together for a longer time in one entity even with Croatia than Czech lands "  - I have no idea what that sentence is suposed to mean
Is this what you call swine fever
How is your Czech wife
Its already hard to to make a jump from android or applie because all of your purchases / licenses / etc
Mám to u riti - lit
That sounds exactly like a perfect answer to this post's question
Slovakia, where the capital is at the border, right next to Austria's capital: *I don't have such weaknesses*
10% - highly corrupt nationalist semi-christian social democrats
>report
Well, I didn't say anything different.
However the other parts of it as Santa Monica and Long Beach are nice
but my Croatia is the best and would not move.
I'm a Hungarian from Vojvodina with some Bunjevac, Slovakian and German ancestry.
Yeah, I noticed that this experiment gets a bit out of hand.
Slovakia invaded Poland in '39, annexed many territories!
You were lucky
But Slovaks aside, I believe Czecho-Slovenia would be a good alternative and maybe even better in some aspects.
He probably means top-of-mind- But I cant phantom why he would think of Prague
Do you have Vifon soups there
enter extreme right-wing parties
As a male, I could be at least literate, but still probably poor
They are missing [this guy] from Slovakia in the party.
Some people say that Slovak is the Slavic Esperanto which is kind of true prehaps but not when it comes to writing things down
3 D
But all the fame and splendour comes to your translation of Terry Pratchett books
Maybe it is native English speakers, who should get it right
The suffixes are mainly in form of "-ka" "-čka" "-ko" "-ík" etc
Kingdom of Hungary doesn't mean current day Hungary.
Well, even Ljubljana is barely a city, let alone any other Slovene towns lol
We have legendary polish words
Israel didn't sign that treaty, thats why they theoreticaly can have nuclear weapons (theoreticaly as they have them, they just don't admit having them)
>New York, Singapore, and Hong Kong are also outside of the EU and they do fine as well
It doesnt pay back debt in the first place
Poland has this government only for bit over a year and I could find you examples of idiotic governments all around Europe at some point or another (FPO in Austrian, PVV in Dutch gov eg).
I gotta agree
The PM then goes on, blames Sulík publically for about 5 minutes, requests him to resign, and until the rest of the interview, you can hear in his voice, that he is about to weep (more than usually)
Actually this is something that over the years more and more politicians across the globe are saying, that US is not trustworthy ally and once there is something better they will switch their interests and partners/ if you look at history of US meddling around the world it is sadly true.
in some EU countries there are regions or nations/ethnicities that want independence, but it is not even majority of countries
So I lost count a long time ago :D
Oh well good then, well i doubt he will make a second turn, many people are unhappy with him and so am i.
The Velvet Revolution was against Communist rule in Czechoslovakia, not really about the two splitting up...
But what they are proposing is not multicultural whatsoever
The film pitch probably went like this
If you do not like our socialist democracy, please emigrate.
Biggest city, relative close to Wien
Second would be Košice, then Prešov
Czech + Slovakia + Poland = 55 million.
It wasn't totalitarian dictatorship ether because state didn't control personal life of people.
ahaaa, so that is where word beťár is from
As for Slovakia, we are alright i guess
For past several years, rallying cry of those opposed to Fico was "Romania" as you are the only one who have fucked corruption into the ass.
In my home country, Slovakia, people tend to answer honestly
Well, Juppe didn't pay his wife 1mil euro for doing nothing.
Today, Slovakia is a country that has a law equivalent to Lex Apponyi.
It gets annoying they put ice into everything
I so much don't miss UK summers
I somehow never seen a stupid or disrespectful tourist, all those i met were curious and decent
English is the easiest language to study
(just joking ily Hungary)
S-senpai
Roars the Danube, and moon after moon leave,
They're at least 1
One good raid from a tax office could change their mindset.
British denial is on another level.
shame that proposal got so watered down.
I work for a company which deals with flights
lol
<3 Come again
"Miešanou" - "with the mixed" - popped to my mind only a minute later
**Billa** throws away unbelievable amounts of good food - fuck that supermarket
I'm Slovak and only search on english
Not even close
There is nothing really valuable inside and all computers use FDE
That car is surprisingly sturdy
"I will never forgive Goebbels for what he did to the world or for the fact that he murdered his innocent children," Pomsel said about the events.
When I moved from Ireland to Slovakia, one of the biggest cultural differences was accomadation.
[Peter Bič Project - Where Did You Go] with a new singer
I am personally no fan of hardcore capitalism, i am in favour of social democracy per-se, as i can see some flaws with "captialism with no rules", and i strongly oppose consumerism
"If there is not going to be the motorway bratislava-košice in 2010, i will leave politics" - Rober Fico, former slovak prime minister - still in parliament, even though his party is not in government (since last month after 12 years)
It can be seen from two points of view - firstly, we were held in a nation wide prison until the Soviets finally gave up on occupying us, so having the freedom to move around is huge for us.
It's only Bulgarians and Macedonians who are traitors to Slavs in this
Why won't you make it a separate post
Fuck you -Czechoslovakia
Well it was written in czech
Well, in our case we always threw the blame on magyars
Btw in Slovakia we had similar poll and more people were actually against NATO than pro NATO - obviously if there would be referendum it wouln´d be valid, because people just don´t care to vote, the same is true if NATO membership was voted in referendum, it definitely wouldn´t have majority needed.
Both of them did a great job
1st of all century ago world and Europe was totally different place, things changed like 4x between early 20th century and now.
Let's not forget the most well-known Hungarian family.
Too many to list for Finland
Oil from Norway
Much better than discussing colonialism with Brits
Dont get me wrong, i am not advocate for unfettered capitalism by any stretch of imagination, but what i am saying is: "unfettered capitalism is stupid/wrong, yet still realistic unlike communism, which is not realistic in society based on human beings
The smallest GDP in the South would be Mississippi, at $106 Billion, or between Slovakia and Hungary.
A silence and a mute is not the same and things like that
Stray dogs - only in Roma slums, it's quite problematic
Remember, if you don't throw water on her and she withers, grows sick and dies, that's on you !
Now we know how we keep missing them!
Can confirm, same with our Mochovce power plant
A lot of languages has it, it is useful
I seriously haven't met many
I suppose German government will table the German car quota system, at least 2 German cars in each household replaced with the new models every 5 years.
The difference between Prague and Bratislava is minimal - 0.25 for Prague and 0.27 for Bratislava.
Me and my roommate we literally wore jackets inside
Czechia, the scissor sister of Slovakia.
Avg income in Slovakia is about 1000 €, avg in capital Bratislava is about 1600 €. The regional differences are there in Slovakia, the west is a pretty wealthy area, even considered to be the 3rd richest region in Europe – which upsets the east greatly
The topic of illegal migrants crossing the borders en mass is a completely different topic.
crimea had referendum and they wanted to join russia, so they did, everything else is just water under the bridge now
Let us summon a Hungarian
Pizza, Pasta in general - spagetti, tagliatelle
If your name is Jim, beware, you should say "obrigad*o*".
Et tu, Brute
Anecdotally I've been told that English → Chinese works really well because Chinese isn't inflected.
Exkuse me sir, I hev noticed zat you honked on me, alzou my inefficiency at driving was under 0
It is not tied to any ideology or religion
Relatable af
If you include minority languages of the same language group, then Rusyns and Gorals are just slightly less intelligible than Eastern Slovaks
Slovakia adopts legislation to prevent Islam from becoming an official religion
Campaign to change the law
Im fairly sure I have a few from Slovakia and Austria
She was also one of the pioneers who carried the flag in a parade when Fidel Castro visited Slovakia in June of 1972 and was hosted in Nitra (one of the largest and oldest cities in Slovakia)
I don't want to rejoin a union that we help prop up yet would treat us like Slovakia.
I can speak Czech but it sounds like a Slovak speaking Czech but I can do it fluently only stopping to think for a second to find the word for a broom which I imagine wouldnt happen if I would speak Czech more and more
That's the hardest language I have ever had to study, and I speak Hungarian
It was also a mark of eastern geek culture
I mean they're certainly big, but from everything I've ever heard about them, I expected so much more
They already debt trapped some balkan countries and got a major influence in several EU countries
I make around 1700-1800 €, my expenses are around 1000 €, investing 500 € each month and the rest keeping in basic account for vacations, crazy nights or other non-covid sorcery
Likewise, the Neusieedler See can provide a great summer holiday for someone, who might think that Balaton is just too overcrowded
If you would exclude Slovakia and Carpathian Ruthenia, you'll get interesting numbers.
Blind driver part is fucking priceless.
They do great events
So i dont know if that is a regional thing (which might be because despite the size of the country, there are some significant differences between regions) or those people were just straight up being rude, but i havent met with anything like that before in my life
I am usually amazed if they heard anything beyond Bratislava
It wouldn't be that hard to tailor a law that would fit for UK and I think that Luxembourg, Ireland and Netherlands would be the first in line to support it as if UK became a tax haven it would be just another competition for them
Le Pen senior got destroyed in second round.
However the traffic, nope cant get used to it
I live in a very catholic and conservative country too and I would be happy if we got same sex marriage.
I bet the trafic is colabsed right now
Finally some common sense and should be kicked out of the Eurozone of course.
there, the Tatra mountain as rocky wall is slashed
I am learning french for now and wanna add Spanish later, so I won't confuse them much
) celebrate the town status given to them on 9
It is heavily used in every contact with government, banking, municipalities, employers and so on (e.g. if stopped by police while driving, if you'd like to request a price reduction for travelling, if signing a contract with telecom operators, or if renting a flat)
Czechs have Becherovka, which has been manufactured since the 19th century
For us it’s ťahák, based on the word ťahať-pull
To muslim or non muslim like if you would have 2 Nigerians and 1muslim and 2nd christian unless you know them personally hard to judge so people generally would be against both of them.
Seemed very weird
lol, all the countries in central Europe and no Slovakia, don't know what I was expecting
I think that řeřicha is more common
It also has the coolest Slovak cathedral
The mentioned Amorphis does too I think, they even have an EP My Kantele, although kantele is not listed in the instruments played, but acoustic guitar
"russká robota" - russian job (sloppy job)
Well, even Ljubljana is barely a city, let alone any other Slovene towns lol
It worked only with mobile internet and you got a basic package of, say, 1GB data and operator offfered these packages of social networks or whatever as extra for extra charge
No, there might be sometimes a reward offered for information leading to the arrest of wanted criminal (it's pretty rare tho), but you are supposed to give such info to the police which then handles the arrest
their way
I can see how ukraine would be way more welcoming
It only makes me wonder, to what extend our separatism was a matter of language and to what extend it was a product of class struggle, actually
\- literally stating "the Hungarian government" not "Hungarians bad".
Hi from slovakia
If you want to learn about history, dont look at Japans economic downturn, look at how fast even the greatest empires could fall by the fault of a single incapable leader.
Example:
Kecskemét has always reminded me of "Kočkomet", which would be a "cat-thrower" in Czech ;)
...but their actions are resulting in deaths of thousands.
If their costs are ridiculously low by using a Slovakian branch, obviously that means drivers are paid badly.
Slovak politicians do have a history of not solving the most pressing issues.
How were they punished
An exception is Levoča’s white lady (real historical figure - Julianna Géczy) - this one they executed
But what I really worry about is how the fuck he got into the power
Correctly in Czech it is "Neděle večer a humor por*ou*chaný"
Ďalekohľad - Telescope - Far Sight
One good thing is that thanks to that he'll get probably hearth attack soon.
We had something similar except it was making fun of the signature colors of the two established operators.
Not worth even talking about it - corruption rate is high
* They - ďakujú
For example Walmart is a freaky place to go to, its as big as hangar
No one is Russophobe
Did we just won the [Hyphen war]
The long vowel endings
There is a daily and a weekly cap equivalent to a daily/weekly paper ticket
Maybe our criminals go to UK :D. But seriously, i see a different problem in UK: Here in slovakia police can just stop you and search you, and once they find something you shouldnt have, you go to jail
They could call it "nizozemsko" (like in czechia hahaha), "dolnozemsko" or something similar, but it would make no sense using it further, the word for "people of netherland" would be some crazy nonsense
Well Slovenia did very well in the EU.
Prdel, zadok, riť
At least for a while
- Because you don't exist
Different countries have different max speeds, different allowed blood alcohol content, different mandatory lights on laws
Mother's side - starenka, stareček
They had to ask 50+ yo people
Thanks, as a Slovak, I appreciate that
Now imagina czechoslovak hockey team
We call Slovenia - Slovinsko and Slovenians - Slovinci
i mean very strong as including some medicine - from the pharmacy
same as "*okej*" in Slovak, and also similar with more positive connotation of it
The one with executive power is Prime Minister who basically govern the country as the leader of praliament/government
Example:
I am from Bratislava and almost every single person I know from Bratislava mostly uses "Piča/Piči/Piče" as a one-word cussword, but it may also depend on which part of the country you are living in
VIdeos, IPTV etc
But we wont get mad over these petty things
Slovakia is out of the question we have no labor capacity willing to work.
It also houses the most expensive penthouse in the city, valued at 1,6M €.
I *love* Slovakia, and hope to return one day, but as a gay man married to another man, the political situation does not permit me to do so in a way that would retain the recognition of my marriage
Like its literally changing a letter here and there and then its like a handful of words
Šiška
Western Slovak is much more close to Moravian dialects than to Eastern Slovak ones
Before that it was RO+BG which was nearly 10 years back.
Also ever seen Karluv most this empty in the evening if the weather is good
What exactly do you suggest to do?
But there were more Hungarians in southern Slovakia than Slovaks (and still are to this day) so the rest could stay
This sounds like an excellent initiative and we urgently need something similar.
You usually phase out of it as an adult man nowadays, thinking how horrible it is, yet you refuse to not pass on the experience to the kids
None of the people mad about it ever read it and dont understand it
My assumption was that they are going to be exiting right soon and are just nice enough to use the shoulder so as to not block traffic going straight, as this is often done this way in Slovakia
IIRC you need to pass some tough criteria to be qualified as donor
People who dislike others because of their country of origin and the Dutch
Too bad they couldn't govern a country in 19th/20th centuries, too bad
But than again I don't travel that much
I knew it was German since a lot of ads, altough dubbed still displayed the original text: "Haribo macht Kinder froh"
That's so weird
SNS: conservative right-wing populists who defrauded a lot of things
I get that one sometimes forgets the more random rules in regards to y/i usage, they are arbitrary and frankly, y should not even exist within Slovak alphabet
It is not alternative media it is mainstream now (saw the statistics, the most viewed, liked and shared news are the ones from the alt media)
Basically you got two ways in which you can study - daily (attending courses every day) or distant (getting materials, self studying it, having courses once in a while e.g. during weekend)
I still have a problem with pronouncing some words wrongly simply because I pronounce some characters as they are written or sometimes I write a different word which is similar in its written form to a pronunciation of a word I'm actually supposed to write
Pretty cold today, shitty wind
However, do I believe that there should be only European identity
Some example can be seen here
I don't count Poland because I'm from there...
How can you even compare the two??
Why Korea
Congats EU, we've played ourselves
And welcomes us in much more than UK ever did
We consider our modern-day country to be created in 1993
r/Nottheonion at this point
dont tell trump, cause biden is in grave danger
You have mostly Albanians from Kosovo from what i know, than some smaller part from Macedonia and very few from Albania right?
&#x200B;
As a foreigner you'll usually have no problem getting one
Btw there are some other EU countries that don't recognize Kosovo, it's Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus.
Suffice it to say, "Köszönöm" is understood in a lot of places in Slovakia as well.
Tusk is nowhere near controversial, he's doing a solid job.
I'm sure there's more words like that tho
jk :)
Yes, we have the black cat too
It was just banter, no worries.
Goes into a panic attack every time Germany sneezes
Father's side - babka, dedko
I'm in
well, but the majority is adopted anyway
I think you will love their mountains, even if when just sitting in car or using their local trains, or mountain-lifts.
If I wanna know about meatballs, I'll ask you
Most of our families are christian so kids are familiar with the story of Jesus
After that, authoritarian populists slowly started rising again.
what is bad about Russian vaccine ? I thought thaht our common goal was to save lives and end this outbreak , but also in Slovakia governmnet is at risk of breakup because of disagreemnt with aquiring Sputnik ...
To be fair, I would hope our polish neighbours would know a little bit more
You beought in a frickin tank brigade that has been firing inside Sirnak and Cizre for months and the best you can come up is with "peaceful turkshells din du no damage, PKK AKs flattened these districts to the fucking ground"?
(Pls correct me if the facts are wrong)
Throughout totalitarianism he worked hard to make Czechoslovakia more democratic - reducing censorship, improving free speech, it had been to such a degree that the USSR invaded us in 1968 and established a period of normalisation until 1989
yep, its a Slavic swear , means cunt or whore, though pretty sure Hungarians and Romanians use it as well
Its symbol of ending winter and new life
In standard Slovak and most dialects, the correct way to say the sentence “Come to the store
Like at one point you think you've gotten used to it, and then then something completely unexpected comes up.
I am happy that Poland and Slovakia growing fast.
German ones are usually from the middle part or east, coming from towns that have a traditional German population from as far back as the Middle Ages
It is actually a great beer, at least i like it
( whip time or something like that)
Without the crown though
Plus Germany gives us jobs
Why waste vast amounts of resources when you can achieve your goal just as easily by funding few radical parties or motivate some deranged individuals to commit atrocities deep inside their borders?
It's the only thing you are sure to get in every food stand here in Slovakia (alongside párek v rožku) and it's hungarian
Slovaks were treated differently due to a [magyarization] in Hungarian part
There is never too late for St.
Where my undeveloped gang at huh
>People still work for wage
We have a place called Horny Bar
Why is this straight up stupid
Well, the dialects change from village to village or town to town, but they are similiar in west, east and mid
And I ask for tap water all the time here and its not actually that bright, as they make it out to be
I also fly and rent a car when I want to tour the place (Andalucia, Sicily, Crete...).
) but nothing about some other republicans
Internal migration in european countries
No matter how inteligent a politician is you slip up, you act without thinking or you fuck the ocassional Monica.
That is one low quality image lmao, I guess it was made 17 years ago
I don't know anyone who carries a pepper spray or a knife
But the prosecutor is coming to see him at the embassy...
Lithuania=Litva
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
In most stores here they have a thing that you have to put the coin there and close it, hard to describe
There aren't that many customers in them though
Edit: also why is US so obsessed with pick-ups
By voting
After WWII, in which we avoided large-scale damage, we had the perfect position to assume a place in the western world.
I'm personally a "finally taking a shit in the comfort of your home after being away all day" connoisseur
Yeah, if I recall correctly the devs are Slovaks who were studying in Brno and most of the original music was made by a Czech guy
you can have "dojebať" which means destroy something or do a fuckup and then "najebať" which means to punch or harm someone and this goes for every swear and every preposition or idk how you call the hings you put before or behind a stable word to change its meaning
I like that it mentions that our government shouldn't be linked to religion
Alia
Depends who and how
was a good match STOP
I've been looking at it for 10 minutes
Its already hard to to make a jump from android or applie because all of your purchases / licenses / etc
He was born a man, and he will die as a man.
No matter whose ass is in the chair, their country is split down the middle by two sides that seem to absolutely hate each other and consider the other side as a bunch of morons
They want us to think they are all into defense, while secretly, in a cryptic language
When Slovakia decided to adopt euro the slovak currency (Slovenska Koruna) was very young and had pretty bad reputation
Is the debate archived
Having this geriatric baba deciding on such a crucial issue without consulting it with German neighbors was mistake itself
Too bad Czechoslovakia dissolved, I am afraid that we are going to stay with that (as usually) useless EU rules regarding the gun carriage
He had beef with Sulík (for about 2 months I guess
A few people told me to read more books in Slovak
When it comes to trains, depending on the location, you can use the same card as on the buses (city specific card of Bratislava, for example), but you need to have it activated for the zones you pass through I think
At least it was presented as such in Slovakia when we introduced it
Sweets - butter biscuits, chocolate
I didnt know you have own writing system until now
>Sunt
Don't kink-shame
TL;DR: Studying in Slovakia is free if you study a program taught in official national or minority language and you don't exceed the regular length of study for your program
Just beacuse the old Magyars named the kingdom after them doesn't make everything magically belong to them
Another one by [Hrdza - Košieľočka]
If not that also [Vlkolinec] aka traditional folk village
OK, I see your hot take on alternative history based on pure conjecture (well, and an unwavering servility to the interests of the Russian state) and raise
Spolu: center-right
So now we have almost no Slovaks in Hungary and "exchanged Hungarians" back in South Slovakia and then some
After a hockey match between the USSR and Czechoslovakia, where the latter were victorious, the Czechoslovak ministry of Foreign affairs received the following telegram:
just off the top of my head
You'll come back crawling *yet*!
Tell me more how West didn't sell Czechoslovakia ...
Let's not rest on our laurels
They are without issues on the inside and since there is ton of parks and tall trees everywhere, and they are also painted very colourfully, you never think of them as a communist building, although they are
We actually do have an alternative "Nizozemsko" literally meaning "Low Lands" but it is very rarely used, almost always in connection with Benelux as a whole
Winter time is great for dumpster diving
The Slovaks love it
The easterners will tell you that Bratislava is a different country and it is a bit, but it's not like other people have no money or no saving to a higher degree than any other European country,
It can handle the sounds better than any other
Your guys do the best films by yourself anyway
Are these supposed to be enforced this way
Sports aren’t a cohesive field and the current system where each sport has its own national-level association which is funded by the ministry is good enough
In Slovák, it’s the same we have two words for a dragon - “drak ” and “ šarkan” both of which can signify a dragon or a kite
Love the food
Go with a ship through some fjords and then to the UK.
Some post communist countries gerelly suffer from it
) is thanking
Nitra - fraction distillation of liquified air, mostly
Well I would expect our neighbours to be able to name at least 3 cities
In slovakia we use the word šukať means fuck in polish it means find
I have checked the reason so now I know it was due to German occupation,
Current weak Russia is not a threat for Hungary, because of their geographical location, separated from Russia with mountains, Slovakia, Ukraine and Romania.
>Repubblica Ceca
The sausages, a German classic
Same here
Huh, welp I might have got it wrong, maybe it is just a distorted memory on my part, waaaait, [look] what I found ! There ! the old slovak language form I was talkin about, and that is hella anti hungarian in my eye
Bruh I taught myself to speak in a stereotypical British RP accent, cause I hated my native one
It's also extremly common for Slovaks to live in border villages in Austria or Hungary (cheap housing) and commute across border to Bratislava to work or school
The bonds are funded from EU budget
How weird it had to be to watch those people on the other side, who were so close yet so far away
But I age cornish can make some pretty good fish when it's not fried
The irony is that here it is raining for a week or so every day
I see, we are relatives in castles then, we have the most castles per capita
Here we go:
Migration from Slovakia is however really natural thing.
Not the best life to have, but its better than kick in the head.
You also have Toruń, Krakow, Wroclaw, Poznań, Gdansk -all are beautiful cities- Wieliczka, Licheń Stary cathedral and Malbork castle
I mean it's not like we ever liked British English to begin with.
I really hate this modern trend of shallow openworld games.
Russians and only 89 mil
pick one
The rest though
Now imagine a person, singing, being drink, making mess then falling lying on ground.
Erdogan put Hitler in the story.
The police is lucky if they go to a range twice a year, gun owners are usually at a range several times per year or even several times per month
I checked some half year ago serbian ministry of edication site, but didn t see this.
Its not like the EU referendum where nobody has had a vote in 40 odd years
This is absolutely not Bratislava
Yes you are pretty specific country.
It goes like: Are you a Hungarian
In my hometown I usually use a car, and it takes at least 4 or 5 minutes anywhere I would like to go
I had several calls with them with zero problems.
everything is just either northern slovakia or southern slovakia
When the Communist party leadership role was written in the constitution of Czechoslovakia.
Or is he a cat person
I suppose it is Deianira
Tiso was used by both Communists and democratic parties in 45 - 48 period, where some wanted his execution while others not so much
Japanese cars rely heavily on old and time tested tech, which is the reason why they are so reliable.
And the people there
many of those countries still support backwards, religious views not too different from Muslim countries.
That is literally the first time I hear about this
Macedonia is rulled by corrupt sods.
Government will do the right thing only after all wrong solutions are tried.
no way
Nobody else has 1/5 of his support so this should not matter at this point and hard to tell how many Syrians are behind him.
Would you be trying to run from someone who is aiming weapon right at you
IT really is a great tool
The EU gave UK the opt-outs because it had to.
Great so much free space for newcomers
The reason might be because as a kid I didn't really put much effort into learning it and I only learned enough to pass exams
assuming you include American Samoa in the US stats, but why wouldn't you?!
Slovakia is 50.8% and Poland only 50.6% :-)
In Slovakia our seniors like very much teleshopping
We use CO2 bottle to make sparkling water from tap water.
No big deal, you won't get in trouble for it or anything like that.
Now in Afganistan: 44 Polish, 31 Georgians, 23 Romanians, 10 Czech, 9 Estonians, 7 Hungarians, 4 Latvians, 3 Slovakians, 1 Albanian and 1 Lithuanian.
Hungary
i kinda like your pastries :)))
I now have this fantasy of me doing  Wir fahren fahren fahren auf der *Autobahn*  in a crowded karaoke bar, and i am loving this vision
I probably make many many many errors while writing in English and double that for speaking, but it still feels better and more consistent
In some words use of "y" at the end of nouns makes the noun plural
There is oversight and review
it shouldn't be out of the question to discuss any and all solutions on the table.
Probably will try to explore Slovakia, later when I will be driving with parents in August to Bulgaria.
You won't get right to vote in Slovakia unless you can deep fry EVERYTHING.
[Central Europe] It was, is and will be.
He was imprisoned when younger for extremism, but somehow people still vote for him
Austria for being a economic and social role model (so we see how to improve ourselves in this regard)
I would love to do civil service - build houses, roads or help in underprivileged neighborhood.
We are Central Europe :D If you start calling Slovakia an eastern european country in Bratislava, in a bar, pub or club, we will get angry
Buy local and ethically collected honey
Lol nope, EU should not lower it foot standards for anybody
Not perhaps for this trip, as you are clearly planning to go West, but perhaps for the future: The eastern route south through Poland is quite nice (a tiny bit boring between Bialystok and Lublin perhaps), and the scenery once you get close to Bieskedy (sp?
Every now and then a ticket inspector comes and controls everyone, and if you travel without a ticket, gotta pay a 50€ fine
I hate bottled water
but before it’d never cross my mind to do that
I've seen public toilet attendants less frustrated with their job
Just like Kadyrov instagram account.
Ah yes, my beautiful nation
Scot takes out the fly and yells at it "spit it out, SPIT IT OUT
Strike Him, offspring of my blood, him whose hand would steal your freedom
I hope there is a quality burn centre in Slovakia, because holy shit, that must have hurt.
I have been to England, Iceland, Spain, Portugal, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Poland, Croatia, Slovenia, Belgium, Netherlands, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Czech Republic, France, Italy, Slovakia, and Sweden.
Like Richard
We even have our own kind of memes called "stokarske memes" (something like white trash memes) which embrace our alcoholic / gambling / drug culture and are generally written in poor language lots of grammatical mistakes
ARTICLE 1
Sooner will Jobbik leader new hungarian government.
Hmmm mostly playing footbal, hockey (or rather hockeyball), and climbing -  trees, buildings, rocks
Ukraine-sounding ones (Saskia) or orthodox christian ones are from the East
Ok, Ďakujem,  vyskúšam to
I wouldn't be so sure about it
Permanent residents are fair game though.
Plot twist - they flanked us from the south
Its one of my favourite clubs too
Yep, palacinka in Slovakia and palačinka in CZ
I can't say that about any other country in the world (including the US, where I've lived significantly longer than I have ever spent in Czech Republic)
Meanwhile in Bratislava, Slovakia
With whom could I troll Finland, specifically
I'd say it's nice for one day, not more (the Old Town and the Castle are really nice, but most of the city is soviet-style)
If Bayrou starts active campaign on behalf of Macron, he is bound to bring at least majority of those 5-6 points to Macron.
words can't describe how much I love this city
But it says Persil, that's for clothes not shampoo
spectacular driving
Dying of salmonela
A small mistake : Trzaskowski won in the Masovian Voivodeship
I would actually propose Nitra, it used to be the seat of dukes
Yet those slovaks were just opening random bottles and pouring drink around, which surprised me to the degree when i had a culture shock of my own people
in practice, of course yes, I do have guy friends as well as girl friends (well, maybe more girl friends than the guys, but still), but yes, there are people that keep saying that they don't believe in friendship between men and women, that there is always something more
I am as anti-austria-hungary as person can be, but what problem does this create
Fun fact; The opening battle in Gladiator took place here and the writing on the wall was written to celebrate it
For example in this map - what's the story here
Our ''leader of the century'' went to the funeral, nobody cared, so he came back.
They also build 50 % of the new downtown, but did a way better PR job there :D
Take Taiwan as an example
We have been waiting to get out of there for centuries
I cannot believe that some people scream about unobjectivity of current medias, but yet take WikiLeaks on pedestal.
Slovakia: buy some alcohol (vodka, borovička, fruit schnaps) in a store, drink it outside to save money, get drunk and then go to a pub, buy some more shots and get wasted.
Danko made his final project to get academic title in 2000
Rudolf Vaský.
Especially since we are dealing with the pandemic better than many of the other countries right now so the image isn't even appropriate
I understand why Lithuania can be Polish Slovakia, in this Slovak context because Lithuanians were different entity with its own culture and language, but I don't understand how Moldavia fits in this context.
I dont really east meat so for me it was a pass
His album 'Substrata' is considered on of the classics there
How
I generally feel it extremely stupid to blame the current generation for what their ancestors did
>report
Velazhavskaya pusha is also nice on BY side.
Show me ONE example of communism to work in functional society in the history
* You (sg
Did it count, when the ball hit the bottom bar
Sadly, our language is standardized to death in our educational system and any dialectal influences are frowned upon
Its thebest food
Basically a park encircling the whole city center.
Wait a moment, so now we use revolutions that lead to end of totalitarian regime as an example for revolution that would lead to a totalitarian regime
But speaking of experience from SlovakNET, you can see that very large number of comments on FB pages are made by fake accounts, either newly created, with no friends and all these tell tale signs.
Don't be so sure man, Polish minorities are fucking everywhere and they understand at least 50%
I really love how they're making great use of the space around these new buildings
I have it in vagina
Maybe if you mean neonazi groups but those are everywhere in Europe
Based
in case of Slovakia it's very true
Well you dont have to worry about that one anymore
Yeah
San Diego basically saved USA in my eyes, great chill culture, good coffee (had good expresso with chilli and chocholate Mexican style) and amazing 50 cents tortillas
London is so good when it comes to a top cuisine
My grandpa told me a story of his from the invasion, he was living in Nové Zámky (south Slovakia) when the invasion happened
Latin America as region is really not important for most of Europeans.
It's kind of a hilarious picture to imagine him leading his unit for the glory of the workers republic.
Of course you are Serb
We have minimum of black people here in Slovakia.
I will be the other way soon (moving to us) well if I manage to travel
That I dont know anything about, other than that they sometimes illegaly try to get cigarettes trough the border
I'm just sayin, that although I am not a fan of Orban, if I lived in Hungary and had to choose between FIDESZ and the rump of an opposition which is made up of neo-fascist party Jobbik, morally corrupted and dead-end MSZP, FIDESZ satellite party KDNP and some few other token parties with minimal support and some 1-2-3 seats, I would probably bite the bullet and throw the ballot for FIDESZ as well.
However having said that, when i lived abroad we have met some czechs and slovaks and organized a party where everybody brought something
No, not really
The It monster would like to have a word
You Ukrainians have always been confused about East and West, right?
I shudder at the thought
Except you have a sea too
'Prezle' is also common in the western part - codified slovak sometimes tries too hard to be special snowflake.
You sure showed them
And why is Slovakia doing so much worse than the rest of V4?
Only old dilapidated buildings don't have these
but our soldiers died on the island
Our president is the most trusted politician here so I wouldn't change her
Italians and Spaniards Moroccans and Romanians.
Also, I used to have a username Sir d'Emental or Sir de Mental  in online games
Communists in Czechoslovakia were trying to disarm whole nation, yet during first weapon amnesties since independence of Slovakia we gathered hundreds of leftover WW2 weapons communists never found.
Like people [here]
1% of all votes so it's totally irrelevant
Well Hungary was founded in 895 that was the year they entered this land
” (Yes
idk really
If Girkin and co would encounter no opposition after Sloviansk and could just march to Kharkiv today it would look much different.
This is the only poem we have to learn in school as far as I'm aware and is considered national poem
So, life was not bad
But if you are right, then seriously fuck you western europeans.
we have nicknames allowed as first name, too
But Hungarians just do not care
Unless of course you were totally disconnected from the grid - but that's not true for absolute majority of people
Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well
We don't even have any measures to do so, they're a sovereign country
Nice
I was not aware of this aspect.
uhm
Mor Ho
Actually France in 19th century was the main immigration country in Europe, but they had relatively low TFR.
It has almost same land area combined Poland, Czechia and Slovakia and again almost same population that three combined (ok a little less lets say 5m less).
It totally is
How big is corruption in your governments?
Guys, please
Its so nice and comfy
Meh, if I would have a different option for Messanger/group creation acccessible from virtually any place, work included, well populated by the people I need, I would stop using FB altogether :/
Polish is more distant for us but there are some words we can comprehend and put into a meaning
It's easy to come off as a good leader when you inherit a country with budget bigger than ever and a rapidly growing GDP.
The red colour is supposed to attract the look
As I say, I would understand it to only about 60%, and it isn't N Korea, to be fair, but I just think, it's hard for any of us not to be a prisoner of our history, and we've all got an axe or two to grind.
I think that he was laughing about the notion that Serbia hunts its war criminals.
Come on, spit it out
The grandparents are often bilingual but they want to differentiate them so
Austria has the Euro, both countries have awesome nature
Lol here it's not only normal, but mostly expected, especially on night lines
Secondly, while it is certainly bad that educated people are leaving, also other, less educated people are leaving and in the end, we are doing the same to other countries.
Does it reach above the sea level
Caputova vibes
), Vrchni prchni, Jak vytrhnout velrybe stolicku (these are mostly czech comedies, I love them) and so on (like Fantaghiro or other old foreign live action fairy tales, czechs and slovaks love those)
People who are not vaccinated (with exception for people who with e.g. immunity diseases who cannot be vaccinated) should be quarantined or forbidden from accessing public places or forced to wear closed protective clothing with internal circulation of air
Just don't try it it's hard
But then again what you expect when someone names a school Hogwarts
"Krásny život" in slovak means "beautiful life"
My grandpa thinks , that everyone in California carries a Swiss Army Knife because of MacGyver
I mean do I have to say anything at all :D? We speak almost the same language , have the same traditions and we share now more than 100 years of history
It would be very interesting to see what would happen of they just let us be in 1968
duolingo has its own website, if you cannot find the app
Volkswagen, Škoda, Porsche, Kia, Jaguar, Land Rover, Peugeot, Citroen, all of those brands have some models being built here
Oh man, Slovaks would be strong contenders with ya
So where is Porche from
And lastly, there is a chance of Netherlands blocking it via another bullshit referendum.
Yes few books from multiculti worshippers...
or do you use the spanish one
EVROTVNELIVM NOSTRVM
Polls in 15 elex werent that bad as many assume.
So, it's not as bad, in my opinion
Pat and Mat is actually one of the most popular tv shows here in The Netherlands.
shame about the mustaches though, they should get popular again
And I have no idea where it came from - there is nothing I could find in the history of Venezia that goes by similar name
Naaah, most people over here cant read cyrillic, even those older ones who had russian at school haha
That's very subjective but ok
And China will pay for it
Yeah, that was truly the darkest part of the period.
Never really had a problem
Beheading was also popular, and in 20th century hanging and shooting squads (popular during ww2)
We would use *polmesiac* for crescent, as in half moon
Its just seemed fake
Im pretty sure it will be easy for the countries hit to substitute you than for you to substitute 27 countries.
Slovakia count as separate state ( created in 1 January 1993)
thought this was r/notinteresting
"As I was saying
I said west created mess-which is a fact by supporting various elements and then left them alone after russian reaction.
EU regulation was tightened in 2013 to require “all EU vessels to land sharks with their fins still naturally attached to the carcass”, according to Ali Hood, director of conservation at the Plymouth-based Shark Trust
cockito ergo cum
In bigger cities you have public transport cards that you pay for monthly, you just need to have it with you in the case of control
I don't have any sources, but my friend is a historian and last time I asked him he said it went something like this:
I feel sorry for the effort the people have to make in order to make living, a lot of people works abroad or in Bratislava, commuting long distances
I have naturally a bit higher expectations for capital cities, moreover for a place the most of foreign tourists visit it's often not exactly representative
Germany has between 4,5% and 5% Muslims, not 1,9%.
Here maps Bing maps, Kindle and the other one
Here we are in opposite situation (thank god) where street crime is getting better and better year by year
Government officials as president Jozef Tiso, ministers, leading party members, etc
During that week the vast majority of people lost any kind of illusions about communism or socialism and and went into total political lethargy
Not so many Fench tourists I asume and for job opportunities in office or services useless right?
We call you Gruzínsko so Gruzia
I visited Helsinki 2 years ago as a tourist during the summer, now being an adult I completely struggled with the summer night
Mám to v piči - lit
Sometimes people try to smuggle cigarettes in some hidden compartments of their car but due to Schengen the border is heavily monitored
They are literally names - Liptovský Mikuláš (Liptovish Nicolas), Liptovský Jakub (Liptovish Jacob), Liptovský Ján (Liptovish John) etc
I'll visit Constantinople only as a member of Holy crusade
Coincidentally, it was also the place where traffic jams resulting from accidents seemed to be the most common
Never had bad schnitzel
Czechoslovakia had powerful economy before WW2, everything got taken apart, communism ruined the rest
i know what you mean, the eu money is constantly used in corrupted scandals in slovakia, money laundry or overly expensive public orders like highways etc.
Not even mad
And they do look the same to me
If that one is out of the game they might move on something more dangerous
Cost is the single most important factor limiting our expeditions to Mars.
This is the funniest pic I've seen today lmao
they will still find their way to Germany.
That doesn't really make it the center of Europe.
If it was average, they'll also say so and explain why
No, not at all
They did nothing to promote pizzagate
Big peepee
Honestly it is sad, construction started before my mother has been born
Originally I thought that EU countires would have some norm at least in design, but obviously not (however, this applies to [driving licences] and passports)
He was looking out for Hungarians, and by doing so he actually helped out his neighbors.
Our parliament; most memes here are aimed at politicans
That's not what I'd call success
And Hungarian accent is cute and funny, not that annoying to me
Why This Tiny Slovakian City Is a Hidden Startup Gem
Or in the school books
And the french got it from Vienna, not from Croatia directly
All credits go to Hungarian nobility, of course
How could OP forget the most important person in history
Wine is pretty good, yes
But this year was very warm, probably the best winter of my life in that regard
I see why EBA would go there, being extremely political, I think EMA could easily set up in e.g.
Well
I guess you have to explain to foreigners why you aren't Slovak though if you are from Slovakia, don't you?
I actually can't remember the last time I've seen non-white person with my own eyes
Look I just want us to have a sea in our country, it's not my fault that the sea happened to cover most of their area :D
I do have a swamp cooler, but the humidity is too high, so it's awful
oh no, not again
But for the most part, I am satisfied with my English accent
I called it "week long steeper walk in the park". It's quite easy climb and the body would be 100 % recoverable
Both France and UK are very pro GCC friendly (Saudi, Qatar as top 2 countries in this case) now everyone with brain understands that both countries have enormous wealth, so is there some other reason for supporting them?
You're reich
Great nation, greets from Slovakia
I always cheer for Czechs
Why would it
When being abroad I always find it hard to not answer "How are you
10 € : 2 bottles of Borovička
Czechoslovakia was invaded by Warsaw Pact countries (including Poland) to keep us in.
I never really realized how expensive Lego was for people with average wages
Italy, Slovakia, Ukraine, for example, never invaded Poland by themselves.
So yeah, just like anywhere else, when you tend to get wasted, just don't pick the wrong person to fight with :D
Prices were often numerically lower in Czechia which meant they could buy more
New Czech translations of ASOIAF feature the sin of adding suffix -ová to female surnames, like Daenerys Targaryenová or Cersei Lannisterová.
We used to have it here completely reversed
It is very likely there is a word even shorter than that, but please, give me some credit, surely you all know how consonant-heavy west slavic languages are
I think Croatia is more comparable to Slovakia, Hungary and so on ...
They want Watergate-type journalists, but will not pay a penny for the medium because journalists apparently can survive from thin air and well-wishes.
I would invite them in one of several thousand sites in Slovakia where communist apparatchiks dumped toxic waste in undocumented landfills just to fill quota so they can get promotion for fulfilling the 5-year plan with 120% result
I have never learned Serbo-Croatian, but as I can understand what you have written, I believe you are close enough
Fuck, bitch, whore or cunt mostly
No, because they rely on fairytales they like to make up, completely ignoring reality
Its working somehow despite lack of fiscal union, not because of it though.
I'm trully curious what the output of your election will be.
Imo there's no real democracy, what we live in is a society always to a degree controlled by the wealthy - directly or indirectly.
Yes, but especially contrasted with Slovakia it is surprising!
This sounds silly, but as a little kid I believed that the coast of any seaside country looks like the edge of a swimming pool with a ladder leading down to the sea
(2) The Slovak Republic acknowledges and adheres to general rules of
for people from Slovakia both Czech and Polish sound funny lol
It's really better  especially the homemade stuff
- SaS: right-wing liberals, pretty much consistent with their supposed ideology, less beaurocracy, a lot of support for economics
How was it before the direct elections, who used to pick up the president
I know about this one, its similar here with "šukať". Which means "looking for" in polish, yet "to fuck" in slovak/czech
We used to play "podkopavana", kinda like football, but you didn't have goals, you just had to dribble the ball, while the others tried to trip/kick you and take the ball away and be the chased one
It's not hard to believe that people of Crimea after being submitted to the aggressive Russian propaganda for such a long time are more susceptible to support Russia.
Maybe one bigger house / apartment in capital city or two smaller ones
Another meaning is an older one, called Cez Poľný, meaning Over the field
The vast majority of the music I listen to is black metal and post-metal
The city is also becoming quite international, last official stats talked about 8% foreigners living in the city, which is particularly experienced in the old town, where you hear foreign languages all the time
United Slavonia when
There is no law that says food companies must sell exactly the same product everywhere even if they use identical branding and packaging.
Yes, I am aware that it is hypocritical.
That's always a good thing
It is more just protest against government :P We have surprisingly warm autumn so maybe people just like to spend evening out with friends and their friends and friends of their friends
She is a woman and that's all you need to know
Which means some people have to work multiple months for something and other just few weeks
This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them
I am sorry, but no matter how how I try, I can't fit Milan, Basel and Luxemburg onto the first line and Bucharest and Varna are also way off on the second
hungarians oppressed slovaks from around 1000 to 1918.
Idk for example in Slovakia it’s 331 eur
Maybe some centuries earlier yes, but now  we're too different for it to be just "dialects".
Never visited the others but man, the palace in Split is amazing
Republic of Azerbaijan vs Province of Azerbaijan of Iran is somehow not a problem, though.
Iceland, Malta, Slovakia, Slovenia, Macedonia, Belarus, Belgium (until 2018), San Marino, Lichtenstein, Andorra, Switzerland* , Modern Greece**
I can see that people around me are starting to get "covid fatigue" and are less careful/ stopped giving a shit about any of the precautions like distancing and frequent hand washing
As well as put money in science
Balkan, eastern european countries (non eu members), usa - okay but a bit suspicious
*DON'T STEP ON MY BLUE SUEDE BOOT*
Daily form is free if taught in official (Slovak) or minority language
Well, they have 2 years to implement it right
I'd take a proper tunnel game over another halfassed openworld anyday.
But I guess UFO bridge is also pretty unfirgetable landmark
My favorite is still Red Rock but during summer when falconers are out.
Maybe if you talked to some of those who were there it would help too.
If it isn't my favorite MH17 denier, /u/Glideer, finding solace in alternative history where Stalin got to occupy Poland a year sooner and everything was fine and dandy
In cities it's less common than chicken, pork and beef, but it's still that one meat we sometimes eat
Most Greeks are fully aware that exit from Ezone would trigger yet another devastating crisis.
The whole idea was that workers own the mean of production and rule the society
No, but you would definitelly score some points if you would say " Janosik is polish folk hero right
Is this normal
Since he became MP after elections i have not heard him call NATO again terrorist organization/probably someone told him to ,,behave,, but regularly is calling NATO criminal organization/pact that made us US vassals and so on.
I do not think so
I remember when I was 10 I was in London for a week and I saw a black guy
After 20 years living in socialist country ANY nutjob is better then some communist/socialist.
Imagine mobile operator listening to your calls and disconnecting you if you said something that offends a clerk in a censorship department.
Best one is "I was in your country
Russians and only 89 mil
pole (field)
Slovakia is the equalest place on earth (no joke actually) as such I never felt it, but people here tend to not go bankrupt often
That’s such utter bull crap
If they fear being attacked by NATO why don't they join
And how exactly will Hamon ninja his way to 2nd round?
I read this shit in Salamanderman's voice
Mizzle and drizzle, windy all the time
Fat, salt, sugar, crispiness and juices.
In Spain and Slovakia, it doesn't require prescription.
And I would do two for Wasabi sushi and bento
in europe
The PM then goes on, blames Sulík publically for about 5 minutes, requests him to resign, and until the rest of the interview, you can hear in his voice, that he is about to weep (more than usually)
Anyway, studying withing regular length is completely free
in practice, of course yes, I do have guy friends as well as girl friends (well, maybe more girl friends than the guys, but still), but yes, there are people that keep saying that they don't believe in friendship between men and women, that there is always something more
Yes, it's the only way forward
I was also impressed by their portrayal of Kenya
[...Babylonian scullion, Macedonian wheelwright, brewer of Jerusalem, goat-fucker of Alexandria, swineherd of Greater and Lesser Egypt, pig of Armenia, Podolian thief, catamite of Tartary, hangman of Kamyanets and fool of all the world and underworld, an idiot before God, grandson of the Serpent, and the crick in our dick
Haha, yeah, not my kinda thing.
WTF
Yeah that long nice road
I've never been to the US, but the way I imagine my visit would be that things would feel somewhat familiar yet strangely different.
Would you consider Great Britain an example of democracy then?
Ulla britta fitta smitta
Mussolini was just desperatly trying not to look like a bitch in front of hitler lol
i understand czech and polish, if i knew cyrilic alphabet i would maybe figure out something also from other slavic languages, and personally i understand bit of spanish because i used to watch tons of football in it and i can guess many things thanks to context and assimilation with other languages, but i never actually learnt it
When I opened this section I thought this answer for Bulgaria would be in the top 5
Proper bread has a thick, hard crust, almost like a shell, and is soft on the inside
Belarussian name for Belarus translates to White Russia
As for MLP, she is for long time polling around the same at 25 +- 2 points.
Its common to have one or two pensions for a house of 5.
If you know how to drive fast, and dont care about the potentional fine, drive like that
I loved the fusion restaurants in London or Birmingham, however traditional British food (minus pasty) is a pass for me
cool, but not cool
Mapy
and this information is on r/europe because
>People lost their shit
But now with fully automated industries it makes zero sense
Just not in the winter
Yes
This is by far not mostly celebrated in poland
"There isn't enough room for solar panels" isn't a problem we have right now, and we probably never will.
What the hell was that guy thinking
Maybe if Britain wanted you still using the pound, they could use their muscles to help you out, but then you'd have to the use pound.
I disagree we are not country EU, EU is just project and dream, right now with obvious problems, it is not supposed to be United states of Europe.
Studying is free of charge for most of the common cases
People here drive faster than that on curbs/bicycle lanes
kinda like Austria/Australia or Budapest/Bucharest.
Again high unemployment, difficult accessibility, far from the economic core of the country in the west
Even though it should be easier to communicate throughout not only one country, but across continent, than before.
During cold months 3(sometimes 4) times per week, during summer pretty much every day
You’re being optimistic
Generally, I'm happy I studied unrelated field in high school.
chlap = single man
My class was 30 lol
Most of them speak their own language among themselves and only speak Slovak when talking to Slovak people
Helping Vietnam abduct a person using our government plane, giving 300M€ for education and research to companies that existed only a few days and made 0€ so far, the crystal clear connections to the Slovak and Italian mafia, claiming the massive deforestation in geometric shapes and export of trees is happening because of climate change then claiming it's still forest even when it's all cut down, the almost literal bootlicking of our speaker of the parliament to Russia and Putin
After Krakow drive through the beautiful Tatra mountains and the Slovakian countryside to end in Budapest.
Merkel would first need thousands of nukes, then hundreds of nuclear armed submarines and hundreds of strategic bombers.
Or maybe the jokes about the Bratislava elite/café intellectuals
Group C are fascists
>8 but not colored white
Nemecko-Germany
[Bad Karma Boy - Dunaj]
I mean, doesn't Pitivo mean "drinkable thing" in both our languages
From Slovaks living there when we loose again against your team in hockey.
I have a hard time not seeing a stag in Prague
Not to be mean, but I would say that Farage has more international coverage from the media that the President or the PM of Slovakia.
Ja pierdole
And you do not hate us like Czech's do.
Not quite the experience, but I was listening to a radio one evening with my father in his car on our way home when I was 16 and the radio station started playing the song 'Rape Me' by Nirvana
Great for sleeping
Executive 2: Ok
In Slovak "Nedeľa večer a humor pokazený"
So much ice everywhere
I see your tank and I raise you a bomber-jet.
There were a few bars directly at the beach, but not that much, I guess the price must be huge
I laughed at the pronounciation
Whenever I am in Czech Republic, I feel like I am home
Also, small countries like Slovakia are hugely dependent on bigger countries in Europe in almost everything
Of course there are no-go zones and there are plenty of them
isnt that a collective achievment?
Some countries use the vignette system, where you just buy the vignette and then you can use all the toll roads you want as long as your vignette is valid.
Not many tourists know we exists, so our national parks and nature is clean and silent, as it should be
How is it with their migrants in Metropolitane France.
american concentration camps for citizens of japanese ancestry, enough said
I get it that doing business with China became quite an industry standard, but even that should have it's limits and we shouldn't sacrifice our core values to please totalitarian regimes
I agree
Neither Poland or Slovakia considers itself as Eastern European either.
Well, she did fuck up Scotland real bad.
Not so beautiful now, is it
Well and what does he say about their claims?
Before that, Slovak people knew they are ethnically and linguistically different from Hungarians but majority still considered themselves to be people of Hungarian Kingdom so the Slovak identity was something I would say secondary to the identity of inhabitant of the kingdom
Lot of people also live in one country and commute to work/school in another
netusil som ze bratislava je v prahe
He overthrew his uncle Rastislav, who unlike Svätopluk, had stable reign, modernized the realm and got Great Moravia out of Frankish influence almost completely
quite more welcome news than turkey admissions
Probably the three leaders of 1848 (Stur,  Hurban and Hodza), who also established the base for current Slovak language
I mean:
Peace and prosperity are not subjective.
So Hungarians are breaking the ice with its neighbors.
Super markets in USA are huge
Or compare the information on these two subjects in the wiki pages
I guess that's were our opinions diverge.
But also he can just be a nazi, point is that photos are not really good evidence for this kind of thing without context
If not from CZ, maybe try English since your accent in Czech could complicate things I guess
And by the way, I also wonder - if you were shown a particular Lego brick and was asked if you owned it; if so, which model did it come from and what other characteristic pieces did the model consist of - would you still be able to tell
It will be cold this week
I guess not a lot of Hungarians will be in Serbia in the future.
I read this shit in Salamanderman's voice
Its simply corporations that exploit the fact that they can get away with this and save money along the way.
Our prime minister Igor Matovič was roasted for half an hour by a radio talk show host, towards whom the PM was remarkably submissive, and in the end the host announced him, that one of the PM's political partners, the minister of economy Richard Sulík, had once again overtly defied his strategy to fight the pandemics, to which the PM reacted in live broadcast not too unlike Hitler in the famous scene from Der Untergang, first ranting against Sulík and demanding his demission, then breaking down and almost crying, powerlessly
Mother's side - starenka, stareček
The Sun is neutral, non-specific (like [this] but it can be depicted as male ([this] or female ([this] Or they all can be anything ([this] I feel like there is not just one option
yea
It will cause a bit of a chaos when that happens and will take some time before things settle down.
Probably the last option holds
Last year there was 41 degrees in August in Slovakia
That's sad
We already do
Yeah imhd forums are very toxic :D
to deliver greetings, to emperor fearsome
The Moon missions have nothing in common with what's needed for colonization or just landing again.
It's funny how we can't build one simple highway, but we sure as hell can build another bridge across the Danube, or a dam, or anything else that isn't a highway to Kosice because of "problematic terrain". Switzerland has a problematic terrain yet they have several highways
The other parts are really ugly and not even worth going to (Petrzalka especially)
He famously said, if you start smoking after your 20's it will be not damaging to your health
Probably austria-hungary things or copying the german model or something....
I love thunder part of Slovak anthem but as someone said here , that it's about fighting
Might be because at the time Eastern Bloc seemed to be doing just fine and "essential" is quite a strong word.
We also have “Customer centers” (often hidden in a corner of a station or behind one) where you can buy tickets as well and they speak English too
I wouldn't consider him a hero
He is quite known in 'ambient' music
I didn't believe that was even official for the first year or so
Portable AC is still expensive and for reasons I'm not going to go into rn I can't really have it
Especially weird is the part that "everyone in Slovakia has to learn Slovak".
Yes, it's misogynistic, but it also isn't at the same time
Countries I didn't expect to be that much fat: Ireland, Spain, Slovakia.
Not too many slovaks could use it though
I wont even buy car made in turkey lol even they say its solid, but we know that the automatization of Toyota factories is so high even trained monkey would make it
I am really impressed wirh what Germany managed
I am starting to have a feeling that UK want to leave the EU
I am a big fan of pasty thought
So until they do, they should stfu and let police do their job.
How is Slovakia more culturally close to Ireland than to Czechia ?
30C+ inside, fan blasting from 30cm on me, yet I still feel like I'm slowly but surely dying
It's the increase, not overall numbers.
Yes
The full effects of Brexit won't be seen until 20 or 30 years later.
I highly doubt so :) I had Bulgarian colleague and I hardly understood a word
I'm a Hungarian from Slovakia and from my experience yes, girls and boys can definitely be friends
Same here
Including from other Soviet Republics, but most were Russian
I wonder how Portugal would have looked like, had it been a part of the eastern bloc
The Finns are badass, and smart too
No thx, we've got plenty of shitty politicians already
Basically there was a huge expulsion after WW1, especially in Bratislava and the west, mostly of Germans and Hungarians
That is called rosy retrospection.
and even the prophet of islam said they (isis) deserve death
If we are not careful, France and Germany will be next because their political societies are deeply divided.
Others are minority languages of nationalities who have their own country so that shouldn't count as "lesser known".
Not a food, but Alcohol lol, like seriously we drink a lot
For one, their economies are relatively tiny with populations smaller than our regions.
I never used an apple phone and I do not intend to, but they are the only competitor to android
What is the best thing about your education system, why it is so succesfull?
I dont understand how is it different in this sense
In some places and especially young people its frowned upon to buy bottled water
For instance everything in Slovakia is všetko, je was saying šecko
10 € : 2 bottles of Borovička
"Now you see me" is translated as "Podfukári" which means "scammers".
I am not sure, perhaps decorations
We learn both at the same time
Banská Bystrica is actually my favourite town
yes but some aspects of life are way higher in Uk than in Slovakia.
>8 but not colored white
Not know what more say so have yourself beautifully
It could go all ways, friends, enemies, frenemies, strangers
I just reported a blogpost.com page to Google for publishing a list of alleged Jews in Slovak public life and calling for their extermination.
Let us summon a Hungarian
Every officer is armed with handgun, and there is one assault rifle in all patrol cars - this rule was established after 2010 shooting in Bratislava, where officers with handguns couldn't stop active shooter armed with military grade VZ58 assault rifle
I heard there was a war there recently.
Like most people around here (Slovakia and neighboring countries) can’t pronounce english V and R properly
But it is more problem of space, because first cities in Europe was builded on mud and it was more organicly organized, while US bulided on more solid roads, with grid roads and later highways in mind
Probably would have started a year earlier if COVID didn't strike this year
Czech dubbing is one of the best in the world, maybe even surpassing the German dubbing.
Well I think in most Universities here this isn't a thing, besides from medical ones and few others maybe
Isn't this kinda like the plot of phoenix wright
But most of the popular spots get crowded, but when you leave the easier tourists trails, it can get quite deserted
I am gonna go with avocado plus italian cheese
None of us say London
Ahoj, volám sa Ján. Rád ťa spoznávam
Greece, Cyprus, Spain, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovakia...
I'm partly ashamed of Bratislava
Name is mostly derived from the local Earl's surname
The little things are changing and it's nice
We share the Tatra Mountains (tho we have the bigger part, alright)
Polish
How is that not using EU citizens as pawns in her game?
People just don't side with them
But it can flare up again any moment.
There are no laws or regulations for distributing foreign people across EU.
I personally like Bratislava, but I can see how it may be boring to people
Torrents stopped over here when new Netflix like websites rised up
So maybe that counts
You, Spaniards, actually use scissors in the kitchen for many things, not just to cut a pizza
I think majority of people would have no problem actually speaking Czech
+ coldweather + no snow/rain for weeks + households heating more than usually + almost no wind
Yeah, and I was apparently brainwashed by leftist media and my university
I think those are just frustrated people and for many of them this is the only way to make other human being to touch them
9% - hungarians corrupted by the two fuckers above
The toilet in Slovak has the best euphemism
Any ideas on how best to get from Krakow to Budapest without breaking the bank?
Why we can't have such nice roads where I live
Those clowns at CDU absolutely, without hint of a doubt deserve this
Sofia is the twin city of Bratislava, lol
So they were treated much better than men, who are often viewed a bit skeptically
Very nice indeed
It was a nice change from Is that where the trump wife is from comments
In June elex they received large share of votes from urban, left-wing oriented Turks.
Most of the time I'm really ashamed of myself when trying to translate some more complicated text in real time for someone
Good thing that I had train tickets to several other cities in the region or otherwise I would be really dissapointed with my trip
I knew it was German since a lot of ads, altough dubbed still displayed the original text: "Haribo macht Kinder froh"
Ever since the famous Gyurcsan "I lied from morning to night" it went downhill and no proper opposition managed to form.
First join and gib money and then you can have the book.
Wow
Obviously, this is wrong, but the funny thing is there is a grain of truth in there
And were labeled racist, Islamophobic and xenophobic.
But Cristina Vespucci wasn't Vieri de'Pazzi's sister
And it's such a shame too
would be nice to juxtapose this chart to a statistics about how late you get your salary
Are the roads in Slovakia as "hard" as I have been told?
Some buildings are on the edge of collapsing
Macron is yet to even unveil a program which could bring him a lot of points, or cost him even more.
oh germany
"There doesn't seem to be anything here"
But I personally never had a problem, saying how much I get payed, when someone asks
My cousin who lived in the US teached his american friends to take off theyre shoes in his house
It is not hatred, it is history.
LOOK HERE
In Poland, AntyRadio in Silesia (which you'll be passing through if you're going to Slovakia or eastern Czechia) gives out good music, but the DJs spend a lot of their time laughing like retards ("hwyhwyhwyhwy"), so try to only listen to it in the morning, it gets worse afterwards.
There were few such attempts in slovakia, and people always voted for the "second worse", even the last presidential election were on that route, if the other candidate won, we would have very different political situation over here and we will be there with poland and hungary
Because your cities were planned long after the cities of Europe
The easterners will tell you that Bratislava is a different country and it is a bit, but it's not like other people have no money or no saving to a higher degree than any other European country,
Probably not really today, judging by cars looks pretty old
Furthermore, even if you allow authorities to act without necessary evidence, you still need a place to lock them up based on the evidence that is almost condemning but yet inadmissible before the court.
and then pewdiepie came and made that song popular everywhere
i am not crying, you are
My city became city in 1255, but it was probably started a lot sooner, so then the population was really just a few people and more complex planning wasn’t a thing back then
What's the benefits of Romanians (which most likely seem to be drunk men or female escorts), Slovakians etc entering a wealthy nation where culturally is a giant world apart.
There are very few other social safety nets
There's quite a few countries that historically dislike Hungary
On this map you can clearly see two very different worlds.
The building is shit, and so are its residents
No it is not german historic responsibility....
also, any reason to paint nudes is obviously a good reason -even if it's to depict man-eating monsters
But that makes pretty much a lot of sense
He is still the corrupt narcissistic opportunist like Duda, but at least he is not as big on LGBT suppression nor on abortion bans
Suresly worked for Slovakia for a while :|
crossing Danube river, the broad water stream,
All it takes for that to happen is that some popular Dutch political party starts supporting the agreement with Ukraine and it's bound to happen.
Austria has the Euro, both countries have awesome nature
So now we have almost no Slovaks in Hungary and "exchanged Hungarians" back in South Slovakia and then some
Hard brexit is pretty surprising actually.
(but no one speak that soft as it should be, only Slovaks in middle of Slovakia , and I don’t like it at all :D )
oh well, nothing new :)
And that Czechoslovakia didn't split because people wwanted it - actually, there was no referendum and the surveys showed that the majority in both republics wanted to stay together (just 13% of Czechs and 18% of Slovaks prefered independence)
Studying is free of charge for most of the common cases
That's very subjective but ok
That being said, so far I only worked part-time and had hourly salary, so I dont know how I would feel about discussing my static monthly salary, but I think I would still be comfortable with it, if somebody asked
Britain will host all migrants and for return EU will close all borders to Britain.
They want to have people come there and assimilate, ie.
"Step closer to the urinal
I don't mean to disagree with you, I just don't know that system perfectly.
Generally for an average Slovak speaker, every version of "Slovak" is to some extend understandable, of course the further into history you go the harder it gets, but that applies to every language
lol, I always mix up Ljubljana and Bratislava and can never remember which one is in Slovenia and which one is in Slovakia.
They are very anti eu and the germany is seen and stabilising nation of EU
You mom didn't think I'm a tiny speck last night
Fair enough, dont you know by any chance the situation in transnistria
So much ice everywhere
The fact that you were 8 then and you still remember it like it was recently does not mean it's not a long time
It's an even smaller country than Slovakia
Drink ?
Actually, Hungary propably has more than Czechia, since a lot of Slovakian pornstars are classified as Czech
** Europeans have the lowest lactose intolerance rates in the world
Crimea was always strategical for russian interests and population there was always pro russian.
Englishman, Irishman and a Scot have a round together, when three flies fall into their beers
The Constitution requires that publicly-funded Catholic and Protestant schools be created if the religious community is big enough.
I also love the culture and people of the US, but I probably wouldn’t want to live there too long because of their ridiculous levels of capitalism
The city of skalica has been one of the 3 centers of fight against Magyarization in Slovakia and has been the capital city of Slovakia for like, 6 days in 1918
FN did poorly in local and governorate elections and Le Pen is too devisive to get majority over anyone.
Now, we just need to finish the second part
So some pubs dont give a shit and some have proper separation.
Unless we are cooking dinner at friends house, I don't think I would feel comfortable snooping in someone fridge, anywhere in the world
hviezda = star (feminine)
The Carphatian mountains are really big force in here
Nationalistic horseshit that came after 1848 put an end to that.
Nah we're Slavs so no point in learning
I am sorry
If exceeding the regular length it's about 600€ per whole school year
It's same sound
Rly
Sweets - butter biscuits, chocolate
I wonder what's the actual metric though, I'm going to look for it, if I find it I will update my comment.
Ok guys next time simply write it's a Bratislava
There is a word "kapusta". In Slovak it's cabbage
China could have go for panda and yet they choose a building.
Basically it's almost always only Hungarians
If you think that your politicians are worse than ours you should think that through again and check our political history.
But yeah, mind boggling and appalling.
The Shop on Main Street
A very large number of young people here are very much against immigration, even though our country doesn't have many of them.
So I lost count a long time ago :D
Being in the UK myself, it's harder than most others but I still go to other countries at least twice a year (Usually Ireland and Slovakia due to family).
Right now, it seems they would rather watch their entire country burn than to cooperate on anything because the tribalism is just so strong
Dont touch shit that aint yours, thats a common sense aint it
There were a few bars directly at the beach, but not that much, I guess the price must be huge
Well it looks like finland and ireland have the strongest pasports in the world
jar (spring)
"I dont need paper when i read" - kpt
People will eventually seize power and install a proletarian dictatorship or die trying it.
Blasphemy
In Slovakia I would say Tribeč hills
But the most foreign feeling at home
I definitely think it should be cheaper
I'm not sure whether I'll do this as a brief time in each with more time in Slovakia, or whether it's worth spending longer to explore Ukraine.
But is really not that important which language has more native speakers.
Watch out, we have a badass over here (with nukes
On 1st ot September 1939, two armies invaded Popand, starting WW2
And: Lithuania, Russia, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, etc.
You can't expect every country in the world to develop equally fast.
Especially the czech trying to speak slovak, it always sounds this weird to us.
Tell him that in Italy, one must ask for ketchup on a pizza
We don't have many reason to develop better sense of humor, we mostly laugh at our country
Andrej Babiš is Slovak *(even though in denial)* and is currently prime minister of the Czech Republic, which means both countries are run by Slovaks now
and i agree with you how ridiculous is US healthcare system etc
"Dear motherland I want to love in beautiful Marina,
You really nailed it
) but ore racism and xenophobia basically because we were hardly ever exposed to the outside world, so no African immigration or any other really no one comes here
Because in slovak you have words like "polícIA" which is pronounced as "polícIja" with "i" but then there are words like "hroIAci", pronounced as "horjaci" without "i".
short version: because they lost
10% - highly corrupt nationalist semi-christian social democrats
Next to everyone is weighting between these three options - leave, remain as it is or downgrade
It was Germany who provoked mass migration from the middle east through Hungary and Germany still wants to force EU countries to take refuges.
Debt cut is part of the solution, but not full solution.
Prague is obviously [Vltava/Moldau]
Everyone who was here from western countries was stunned with % of good looking women.
oh definitely :)))
Taking away all his prize money even from the previous events
> It's december 28
So STFU and keep your roads clean :p
Why do the V4 countries have less countries available than the rest of the EU
It's a small town near the city Banská Štiavnica, the town is in a  forest in a small valley
We are the last bastion of reason, fairly liberal sanity and pro-european democracy in the central-east, surrounded by Poland and Hungary
>Suspect: Yes yes yeahhhhhhh
With immigration you can maintain population (in a certain territory).
Way she tells it, it was so close, leaning over the sidewalk, they almost broke the glass pane with the thing
As driver, traveler etc
Really not sure what bothers you.
Same propaganda shit is in China, oh the west hates what CCP is doing, they racist abd hate all Chinese, it's racism guys, not disagreement with glorious Chinese government
You are fucking joking, right ?
This is not your data
Noooo
The moment you leave the strip so many weirdos on street
Yep, palacinka in Slovakia and palačinka in CZ
Some find later commie years (normalizácia) to be a great period to live in
Again, secret services like in France are under avalanche of backlog and insufficient funding plus red tape.
Oh we would notice
This is not acceptable, I demand a redo
Far-right was pushed to the margins after WWII and then there were three decades of rapid economic growth (Wirtschaftswunder, Les Trente Glorieuses).
The closest you can go to explain the sound is to read tya and the sound the t makes in that combination
I have to spend whole day with him in one room and I would like to know of a way how to politely tell him to shut the fuck up about it
Slavic (is that even interchangable?)
Not even a banter
Article 1
i know, i know, was just pulling your leg a bit, also campain was more about east europe immigrants then muslims,
Bratislava has very modern downtown
Not so beautiful now, is it
Map is based on how national MEPs voted
They'd still have that if all NATO countries halved their military spending.
Try [Algor - Čas odplaty] for Slovakia
I'm not sure what you're trying to imply.
There was just a short lesson explaining the dialects and the differences between them
Ooooooh
"d" in the word "zmrd" is pronounced as "t"
Oh, wow I had not idea that existed
I don’t know if you can buy a monthly ticket on your CC but you can get a contactless “oyster” card for that and I believe contactless is a better technology than magnetic cards (magnetic cards can be demagnetized and then they need to be repaired
well, not really
In depth answer: There is a culture in Slovakia about hating your job
And that’s Germany
Im sure strongest economy of continent is now shaking boots because wanna-be dictator of state with failed economy that is on highway to civil war dont like em.
So for again for people who have hard time to read - I DON WANT UNFETTERED CAPITALISM
the tart is so sad :(
Huuungary
Yeah, also in slovak language, district city Nové Zámky (New Castle)
Lots of female travellers got there alone and loved it
It was interesting
Packages are either delivered by courier and signed off, handed over at post with identification, or if you want at a shop which participates in 'zásielkovňa' in which case you get a special code
It's Czech
com] in Northern Africa split
It's beautiful
I've lost the count so far, but I guess it could be around 50 or 70, since we've visited some of them more than one time
LOGIC
Albania supported Czechoslovakia as well and in much greater way in my opinion.
Or Hungarian
Slovakia is notoriously known for it’s beautiful nature and history (castles, ruins, mountains)
Anything can be political under the right circumstances, even having an abortion
He is Slovakian alternative to Trump
I always need a second to think whether it's Slovakia or Slovenia and sometimes they use really weird shade of blue for Luxemburg making it confusing (same thing for Italy/Ireland - if the flag is enchanced with weird effects or presented in an unusual way eg.
Also I think poor grammar is both very Slovakian and Czechian and I also doubt those two are words
But abroad people expect you to say "I'm fine". Nothing more and nothing less, regardless of how you actually feel :D
Yeah, but I don't care
>someone less controversial, who isn't an active member of a particular political party and gives the people a sense of unity and wisdom (at least in theory)
During the Slovak State
There is a daily and a weekly cap equivalent to a daily/weekly paper ticket
Well they want to raise the retirement age to 70 so beware of those pesky job stealing 69 year olds.
Aaaah ok
Slovakia has overtaken us a few years ago, the next one will be Romania in a few years if something doesn't change, and it sure looks like that something won't.
It was pretty much fights like [this one] although I think this particular one was filmed in Slovakia/Hungary/Balkans
Regardless, English marks the same sound as "sh". How does "h" equal to "z", then
I always talk about something in slovak and then forget the word but I know what it is in english and vice versa
I'm just gonna assume "älskade" is Swedish for "mongol".
Our mentality basically changed that people are tanned because they go on vacations while in Asia having pale skin means having a comfortable (and probably decently-paid) office job
So it's pretty mind-blowing to read an artcle today, that it's really happening, and it's happening on next friday
The problem with allowing physical punishment is that parents have different ideas on whats too much.
Right or not, its topic to historians and scholars.
It's kinda hard being indifferent towards a country radicalusing a bombarding your citizens with fake news oropaganda, translated word for word from Russian
Our translators often add the suffix -ová to female surnames, which makes them sound very weird, at least in my opinion
why didnt eu cut diplomatic relations with turkey already?
World’s highest number of castles and chateaux per capita, appearantly
This is typical blue balls syndrome.
And basic human rights too
But I’m glad that things are changing for the better, and that the quality of the goods and services is getting improved
Love that city
A country of cocaine running speedsters?
That is pretty cool
Also, cross-border infections make for a tiny minority of cases
Errr
We have shared culture and history.
here is another one from [wiki]
crossing Danube river, the broad water stream,
I dont understand this
What about something from my language
"No
And it's not even just you, czech fondness of dying while hiking has not only reached Slovenia and Slovakia, we are taking [New Zealand] by storm as well.
And don't forget the coaster holder
I like finns
I envy you the lack of i/y problem in Serbian
Since around 1998 it was devalued to 1,3 and this difference was never equaled since then (it oscillated around 1,2-1,3)
Romanticism, 19th century
And these cheap AF prices are usually in smaller pubs outside capital city where wages are low and there is usually only one bartender
I am curious about it since the "America First, Netherlands Second" video
Let me introduce the country of Denmark to a thing called mountain and its wind blocking properties.
But I just googled it and that's actually incorrect, and the correct way is "Rímsko-nemecká ríša" = Roman-Germanic Empire
motherf
Bayernhund das öder die flipperward Gerspruth
What’s interesting though is that Slovaks have different names for today’s Hungary - Maďarsko - and for the Kingdom of Hungary - Uhorsko
There are exceptions; Hungarian minority have schools that are bi-lingual, some courses in Hungarian, some in Slovak
especially in a casual conversation when some English words I wanna use can’t even be translated into Slovak
Always makes me laugh
In addition to that, what is "sharing history" in the early Middle Ages with Czechs is a bit complicated subject
Their tactics are quite populist, which keeps them in power.
Slovaks were on Habsburg side, or at least Slovak nationalists.
> And even an idiot can pull a trigger and kill a terrorist
In Slovakia I know about 3 things that are disputed
They already have them
Honestly I don’t blame him, he’s just a human after all, and opposition is giving him a hard fight, as most of their friends are getting jailed due to their corruption scandals, which should have been done years ago
We had one
Move here and your partner gets degraded to nothing
Yes, but it's very arbitrary and depends upon the person who translates the name
Not in this case, I think the sentence in Russian would be "Spasibo za tsvety" (?)
All he knows is that Marines are some kind of US soldiers because he keeps hearing the word in movies.
Most of the slovaks
I don't think I could handle living in a flat, mountainless country like Latvia
Apparently, our government is considering a ban of plastic bags
It's not too old, just about 100.
Craft thing is absolutely a thing everywhere in the world
We call ourselves "Slovák" and plural is "Slováci".
Even Wilders shut up about it when GBP started crashing.
So it's kind of weird seeing him alongside Christian myths
Exactly thing that cannot be said about majority of media that are jumping on da rumourwagon.
but that has NOTHING to do with communism
Delizioso
The nighttime is pretty kino
I don t understand what you mean.
Russians very thrifty with the verb "to be", too
But there are also some more "aggresive" or "in your face" ones, such as this one:
He is just a small part of huge machine responsible for organized crime in Italy, France, UK and North Africa and also for increased availibility of human flesh for predators and scavengers of Mediterranean sea.
Does trip from Poland to Slovakia (and one day to Hungary) even counts?
Do cars also stop
There was an old regime joke about this, something about never inviting a soviet over because last time we did they only stayed for 20 years
Nothing unusual in Slovakia
It is literally the official word used here "Fén" for hairdryer
In MG its about half-to-half, more tilting tomore this or that side depending on the poll you like.
Great Moravia at its greatest extent
Now it's even worse knowing that they even don't doubt about it
Won't even be finished in 2120
It is interesting that while i suspected corruption in Croatia might be on similar level compared to us, you are at least used to arresting politicians.
The Latin words feel foreign
There was a public competition in 2008 what will be the common design for a coin commemorating 10 years of EMU
The water froze
"pere sa ako žid do neba" - his pushing himself like a jew to heaven (when someone is trying to put himself to a spot, like get to the train trough a crowd but also like get a position in company etc
[The legendary one]
Now i started to take vitamin D and i feel better, but still hate it
Let's make a West Slavic federation and have the capital be Wroclaw/Vratislav, as it was an important town both to the Czechs and the Poles a long time ago
Its has the fame aspect, its the biz
Every year they aired the newest part before christmas, and nowadays they air all of the movies during the weeks leading up to christmas
Couple seconds into it, I'm being honked at from both the left lane and the shoulder lane, that's when it hit me and yeah, safety corridors in Slovakia are not in the middle, but on the hard right shoulder
Oh man i wonder when will it change
Other than that, it's pretty safe
Seriously, in cases like this, any journalists who tweets, reports or even farts information that hasnt been properly confirmed should be banned for life from ever writing again.
Currency exchange is also a hassle - If you find yourself in Prague near Florenc and need to get on the last tube, you can bet you're gonna have bad time if you don't have enough Czech cash on you
Je mi to 1/5 - lit
How is your Czech wife
or is that a real word for us?
pucovať, it exists here too
That’s such utter bull crap
It requires more concentration, but it’s doable
Slnko = Sun (neutral)
They do
I know I may have sounded like a dickhead at times, just I mean this uncertain hate is what various people abuse in their favor
Eastern Europe is statistically perhaps poorer, but in reality life is pretty good in Poland, Czech republic or Slovakia.
Apart from slight difference in language and the fact we've got Euro and Czechs still hold onto their silly currency, using it to squeeze some extra cash out other Europeans at any opportunity\*, it really isn't any kind of a big deal
Must be because of the language barrier
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
When you look at the numbers, you can tell the plan with rapid antigen testing might have just worked, had it been performed at least on a monthly basis and compulsory
"Populist" movements are gaining ground at the expense of traditional left-wing parties, and changing the system in Nationalism vs Globalism
Well, praying for Schwarzenegger was certainly unique.
Great to see
How do you send invitation on that anyway?
I'll do you one better
We had a similar problem with term "knob"
It's easy for them, these things are far away, and often too horrible to seem real.
It looked smaller and the products looked less wasteful and were nice
Even Vladimir Putin celebrated his 50th birthday there
For instance, when my country had to send Mi24s on general repairs, they decided to sell them for spare parts instead - the cost went as high as 1 mil.
Doesn't excuse Russia just yoinking a part of neighbor's sovereign land though
Everybody wanted a chunk from Hungary, so obviously they would say they are Romanian or Slovakian, and not Hungarian, even though they would speak both languages, would live in Hungary for decades or centuries.
Stepping into an animal shit = good luck (or maybe bad
Show me EU deals and laws about distributing people either equally or forcefully to member states who are against it and who never invited them (not even mentioning such decision is also against will of refugees)
Plenty of reasons why even those who liked the idea of Russian Crimea may have voted to remain if it actually came to a legitimate referendum.
What is pretty common are Chinese/Asian restaurants
It was literally the only nation around that was similar to us and did not mess with us.
How do you think I came into position of voter of SaS to ex-voter of SaS?
Won an Oscar
Tourism already tanked heavily in Turkey to point of non-existance.
(And it is a quite interesting concept, it wouldn't work probably, but could fun for a few years
Below 1€ for breakfast meal
Because ethno-national state of Austrians and Hungarians where all others AT BEST played second league was great.
It shows how fragile we are
This is not only Czechia
Germans, Slovakians, Hungarians: Which small snack/sweet do you love?
Mesiac = Moon (masculine)
Slovakia got no more traffic that NZ
If one group control government and president office, they have unlimited power basically
Anyway, Czechoslovakia ceased to exist at the end of 1992 and independent Slovakia was formed in 1993 again
From what i know many Moldovan families are surviving just thanks to family members working in Romania, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Russia and so on.
We are one of the few countries where Holland is literally the name of the country.
Countries are allowed to change motives after 15 years
Koliba, Pečniansky les, Lesopark, Horský park etc
Turkey warns EU of 'flood' of migrants
But he is weighted down by legacy of Hollande bad presidency which would break his neck when it comes to it.
however may I ask you, you surely understand more, what’s the difference between Denmark and Norway
Really likes working at the company but bitches nonetheless to not seem too eager
I'd say that average European doesn't even know what Marine Corps is.
Střílej, střílej
Are they protesting for or against democratic elections
The polls in primaries are useless.
nemôžem za to, že očividne chabé prevedenie zničilo jedlo, ktoré môže byť tak chutné!
It's really better  especially the homemade stuff
After seeing this, I was like, yep they better go back to Finland
Perhaps only in the case of economy, Germany is a bigger partner for us, but that's also given by the different size of Germany and Slovakia.
But we can't all live in Monaco like athletes do
Perhaps the science portfolio for him?
They'll be scared, they are not used to their neighbors liking them.
[mfw this video finally reaches the target audience]
Romania and Slovakia don't do that semi-detached row house thing, like the Baltimore ["vacants"] in "The Wire", that's some Dickensian northwestern European nonsense.
Last WC I rooted for Belgium
When you look at the numbers, you can tell the plan with rapid antigen testing might have just worked, had it been performed at least on a monthly basis and compulsory
And placing of words in sentence was not so common
no, never in my native language.
But it doesn't really matter
Alright, you win
". It was written as a response to forceful magyarization and was used as an official anthem by the Slovak State (Nazi puppet state)
Also, cross-border infections make for a tiny minority of cases
In Slovakia, English is mandatory and you get to choose a third language in bilingual schools: French or German
after you fucked them up pretty badly too, right
Problem is people will call this whataboutism and fact is there was no need to involve US to your answer.
Now everyone uses "Bratislava" everywhere.
This reminds me joke we have here: "Austrians are the smartest people on Earth: they convinced whole world that Beethoven was Austrian and that Hitler was German"
"s kľudom angličana" - calm as an englishman (doing something stressful calmly, easily)
Well, RTVS managment simply dislikes Eurovision.
But trust me, people from uninteresting countries, all you have to do, is become Slovakia to be interesting again
* brat (brother)
If I may steer the question a bit, it seems France is currently the only country in the EU, which does not adhere to the "self-defense" naming convention
Look: here the borders by the mighty Danube are washed,
The acoustic version of My Kantele is phenomenal though
And yet people here still get furious at you when you say something bad against Russia or Putin
They rather throw it away than give people a discount
They have everything plus 20 times more
I am no fan of Sulik, but putting him in same ballpark as Marine Le Pen is stretching it.
Over a million vehicles produced is quite a success.
Like all they want is your money
Slovakia's PM calls journalists 'dirty anti-Slovak prostitutes'
Who the fuck would do that
Excellent little joke he loves to tell during lunch in dining room
It's fun to make jokes about each other, makes life easier
My American boyfriend, the ice and the ever present cold AC
By justifying the unjustifiable.
the word robot is czech
Polish Zubrowka was created probably in the evening of the 6th day (judging by the claim God had to rest on the 7th)
Things are quiet in say Slovakia or Slovenia.
Even if our growth will be 25% bigger than that of Germany, in absolute numbers we will move from being 16000 USD behind to being 14000 USD behind.
I understand nationalism in my coutry as putting one group with the majority nationality before other minorities within the same state.
Ask her why they never built metro in Bratislava then
I believe it's inconclusive
Only two countries border us both and one couldnt give less shit about us even if they actually bothered to find out they have other neighbours than Swiss and Germans.
šišky
If you have Pilsner Urquell in Norway (it's all over the world), it's like a flagship of all Czech beers, a national pride almost, so I'd definitely recommend it, even though it has nothing to do with Slovakia
Petersburg and take a train to Moscow, and take a plane to Riga.
Even tho they get dorms provided by university, those are usually without furniture and they bring their own stuff there
Sponsored by the "slipped on peas" gang
Just a wiener in rohlík.
I'm so proud of Czechia
Honestly it is sad, construction started before my mother has been born
No issues with them
Bot a thing more though
Is this Slovakia
We both still have our residence addresses at my mother's house, even though we live in a completely different town than her for 5+ years now
Stupid question, stupid answer.
The unfetter capitalism can work to some degree, even though i would not want to live in such place
Christian Slovakia Passes Law to Ban Islam
Eastern Slavs aren't lesser people.
Cantonese
Naturally, he's still learning to speak English.
In Slovakia it is mandatory to have an ID card - [Slovak ID] \- once you are 15 years old
And here I thought our education can't get any worse.
Worse is that my family loves it and it stinks so fucking much when someone makes it
Prvé poschodie - first floor (the next one)
Especially people in countries like Germany and Poland where caricaturing any religion is still illegal
But seriously, [here] a quick introduction
Yes
1 big centralized state relatively rich with agriculture, French was the most important foreign language back than in Europe.
There is also Hungarian and Roma language, but those should be relatively known ones
Which is the closest you can get
and put Slovenia below it
then its Win win situation
Yes, but in 1908 it was rather famously hit by an asteroid
That is not just former soviet interpretation of communism, it is The communism
dont cause such problems - to locals and also to yourself
also r/rimjob_steve
He secretly collaborated with dissent underground movement, preparing an uprising against the nazi-aligned puppet government led by Jozef Tiso
=1 r/unexpectedfactorial lol
They are without issues on the inside and since there is ton of parks and tall trees everywhere, and they are also painted very colourfully, you never think of them as a communist building, although they are
Maybe Jozef Tiso, he was the Slovak president during WW2, basically the Slovak Führer, however, he is very controversial from both sides
European cities also centered around castles and so that is something US never had to consider in it’s planning
Or written by Canadian, to be precise
I don't think they have anyone clever who knows about geography at customs in USA
Slovak inperialism at it's best
Maybe Germany is just behind, dunno
I thought it's French or something but apparently no
Needless to say, I was scared as hell by Čert when I was kid
In that town it takes me a 15 minute walk or a 3 minute ride on the tram to school
Or ever seen a bar fight
World-renowned cellist Heinrich Schiff dies in Vienna
In standard Slovak and most dialects, the correct way to say the sentence “Come to the store
No, not really
Well, if you learn the history very superficially and focus on the worst parts, it definitely does give you a certain view, even though a very blurry one
and pay dividend to Czech owners in Czechia.
Under 20 i will be hugging the radiator and put a coat on
You said right wing on immigration, what the hell do you mean by that if not following far rights ideas?
Hey guys, do you remember that time when Russian tried to stand a moral high ground when it comes to [persecuation of journalists] [corruption] and [oligarchy]
Maybe just me not actually visiting tourist spots often i dunno
Most of the world wasn't properly prepared
News channel has 30 minutes segments
The one in Czech republic and Slovakia was tested and surprisingly their milk chocolate passed.
lol I remember a time in eastern europe when you couldn't open your own business without immediately getting death threats from local mafia.
the most infamous place in all of Slovakia got even more known thanks to Bald and thats good, i doubt it will ever get solved but the more attention it gets, the more necessary a solution will be
Highway to China
Sarkozy wouod be best news Le Pen could hope for.
As for the other part - I still have a better idea where to settle in, although I'd love to explore Your country one day
Even your center of Europe is too far east.
Yes, that name also still used.
I remember exactly this from my grandma, but about a fly
There is too much opposition to her to get majority of votes in 2nd round unless opponent is serious piece of shit (enter Fillon).
Closer integration is the key, fragmentation means more corruption and more outside influence
I was surprised how mad it was in Italy
Same with Gulas or Lecso with paprika
Where is it
there's a historic word for smith's hammer, perlík, I don't think it's widely used anymore, and some regional dialects use(d) the Polish loan words mlat and mlatek, and German loan word hámrik used for a small hammer
No one here respects any laws, fuck this country.
Dude everyone has breweries now
And that Czechoslovakia was a federation of two sovereign countries, so the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic existed since 1969
It's really beautiful
As far as I understood, they had separated for Slovakians and non - Slovakians.
But we kinda wiggled the tail and like "not mention" things that happened until 1944 when army and partisans revolted against fascist regime
The two year period is a limit if the leaving country is being a pissed off lad that is sabotaging and unnecessarily prolonging the process or straight refuses to negotiate.
Some americans have
Can confirm, parents moved with me and my brother in 2005 to Canada to get us better education.
P.s.: I appreciate your input but I'd like for you to substantiate your thought next time
Yes
It was Torry party job to have a contingency plan if shit goes awry, especillytheir Brexit members.
All the monuments make sense and I am totally for keeping them
Back in the days people with such assholish ideas generally self-censored themselves because they didnt want to look like dicks in front of family and friends.
How would you rank the most important countries in order in term of connection and also media coverage?
Can I get a link to some relevant tweets
>Make Andrej Babiš Slovak again
If it were up to me, I would cut this whole law out.
Czechs know better where to go anyway
I do have Czech citizenship though, so...
A man can do only so much
you can create infinite amounts of swear words by flexing the original ones
We dont need any more, we just need more historical ones so kids can have their heroes and not christian ones
What's the point of having Switzerland as neighbor if you don't shop there for cheese?
Totally expected this kind of awkward answer.
Biosphere
Lo capiscono tutti, per esempio nella serie Suburra
It's just an unapologetic bop, best for summer parties
They had to ask 50+ yo people
Basically just:
You confused Slovenia with Slovakia...
Yes i know about all of that, just thinking how useless it is for majority of population to waste energy and timemon Swedish/from what i know very few people use Swedish after school so barely can speak it
Moldavia is country of Romaninans and Russians it can be Romanian Kosovo for example.
Considering that the two shared a country for almost a thousand years and Slovakians and the pre-Hungarian slavic population of the Pannonian basin most likely spoke the same language.
Ural mountains in Russia are the official boundaries between the continents of Europe and Asia.
You all keep saying ship about him the whole fucking time but you never actually said what is really so bad about him.
Furthermore, AC units use quite a lot of electricity and are responsible for many of those peaks
I literally don't care, I fuck up my sleep cycle regularly every week, so a one hour difference won't bother me
Rude
We are “the voice of reason” in the Central Europe
As long as war doesn't explode in Turkey, they cannot claim refugee asylum.
They don't seem to accept this though.
Salaries are quite low for ordinary people
Well, that is part of deal, innit
Seriously
I say keeping the monuments to fallen Soviet soldiers makes sense, since they sacrificed themselves to free us from the Germans, but statues, plaques or anything praising people like Stalin, Brezhnyev and so should be removed
I've seen some people doing it here as well, but we call the doll/effigy Morena instead
Because they are seen as polite, hard working and causing no troubles
Working for on the final design which is due on 15th of February.
Driving laws
She is also friends with animals
Some people are using the 200 or so refugees in the whole country in total as an excuse to spout their racist bullshit.
I just wondered because I've heard that there's a legend claiming that he's not dead, but sleeps in the mountain and will come to aid Germans in case of war :) Thanks for your reply!
So it is nice looking on paper Hey, Slovakia you are net receiver of money through EU structural and cohesion funds, but in the end there another 5 huge negatives that some western countries don t have or have to limited degree.
Isn't it Mbps
if the pub closes, more to another pub, preferably the shittiest in town, so they would tolerate wasted people.
It's far easier for countries like Poland, Slovakia, Lithuania etc.
Czechs are generally more russophobic than Slovaks, both much less than Poles or people from Baltic nations.
4 which is ze level of inefficiency where ozer drivers ken honk at you wis zeir automobilgeräuschindustrialklaksone
Its sounded as Nikoláž with
These houses are right on the edge of where I can't say if people living there are very poor or very rich
In the parliament:
This one is easy to check even.
many great artists
Getting eg Iranian visa was much more complicated.
Not only that, but also some of the coalition members are undermining him constantly
This is fucking hilarious
Sofia, the whole city is one street with shops and commie blocks
Beer, best served with some sausage and fresh bread/buns/rolls
I had a social worker friend who did this, especially working with the newcommers and especially helping those with not so nice and pretty sad stories
From psychological point of view, it was not difficult for Slovaks to say goodbye to crown
) is completely legal in slovakia, and also (despite what even many slovaks think), the self defense law plays in favour of the victim (like one year ago two drunk guys wanted to attack an indian guy, he stabbed one in the neck and this one died, the indian guy wasnt prosecuted because of act of self defense)
So for example in WW1 slovakians were forced to fight for Austrian Hungarian empire, even if all we wanted was to join the independence movements
100 % on board
And the mighty Slovakian army will come and save the day?
I'm listening how you wanna do it.
Because 1867 was actual clusterfuck that ended the empire.
This way you can get both and pay respects to the old while looking out for the new
I would go with Pacho Hýbsky zbojník.
[This] is a typical bus in Bratislava, as you can see there's a lot of doors to choose from
So unless they want to go the Al-Qaeda way, I don't see much in their future
Lie is just another tool to spread the word.
In Slovak it means something else, but in english it's laughable
Funny is, that Zvolen and Banská Bystrica  are 20 km apart and German names are Altsehl (old Zvolen) an Neusehl (new Zvolen)
Don't worry about it
Sorts out the dinner
Then, you want to sleep, but somehow you can't completely shade out the sun in your hotel room and you just struggle sleeping, because outside it looks like its still day
If not, then there are two periods
On average, every 4th friend will have one close member who committed a suicide.
Volcano eruption
Dude, when that happens, Slovakia turns to Moldavia :|.
Also rip the entirety of Luxembourg
You can hope
I am a cat person in a dog country
if you are presented with a certain world view (or, in this case, spain view) and you do not challenge it or do more research on it, the result is this
I don't see what's wrong with having evidence before passing judgement ?
But doesn't it make more sense the way we do it
I think it makes more sense than combining education and sport
I have literally family members living in Hungary and Austria,, and working in slovakia, they drive every day to bratislava
I am honestly astonished by some opinions over here
( some sentences make sense completely, other have strange words, others are completely strange)
His favourite complaint about Europe and vice versa my complaint about USA is we walk too much (he likes it now, I did my public transport duty), bad services in restaurants (I hate tips he loves it) and no ice in drinks
When compared to Czech beer, it's definitely weaker, but it's not bad at all and since Zlatý Bažant '73 came, it has probably become my favourite mass produced beer, I rank it even higher than Krušovice or Pilsner
The East
Wouldn’t the independence of Northern Ireland help with this
I dont understand how is it different in this sense
Just last week a group of Czech tourists was camping in Slovak mountains in a place where it was forbidden because there were a lot of bears living there.
So I have fear of Ukraine
We dont need any more, we just need more historical ones so kids can have their heroes and not christian ones
It should, because I remember I was playing table football in Budapest, with some random guys, we were talking in English, but I chanted the word when I let the other team score a lame goal, and those guys started laughing
Article 1
When it’s at home, we usually host family gatherings at our weekend house so we sit outside, prepare some food - often barbecue
Fuck it I'm moving to Iceland
It only makes me wonder, to what extend our separatism was a matter of language and to what extend it was a product of class struggle, actually
Countries are allowed to change motives after 15 years
"You cross the border to Austria, X actually works unlike the PoS X in here
Rest of the year its against the law to fire them on the whole territory
If the whole country had the GDP per capita of Sofia we'd be somewhere between Slovakia and Portugal, not dead last struggling for a gasp of air.
&#x200B;
Remember, remember the 5th of November
thats what you get after splitting from Czechoslovenia
Probably Northwestern Slovakia and the Tatras.
Few weeks ago there was Czechoslovak games sale on Steam and ofc there were Hungarians in the comments(Twitter) claiming same things
I find this to be an urban legend for the most part
In Poland
I thought Europe remembers lessons from 1930's.
Boris is really dragging down the dignity of that scene
Anton Bernolák
63 infected, that means that only around 4% of people tested were positive
So they are the "journalists" who cheered when, their colleagues in eg Cumhuriyet were imprisoned for doing their job.
I cant imagine why EU would care if governments spy on their citizens if citizens dont care.
Population is not declining, we've seen less Slovaks leave abroad than those who came back recently
While one goes to jail, the other keeps enjoying state money for his orgies with women
Definitely the first photo that comes to most Slovaks' minds when it comes to historical photos
* rite (plural of the word **ass**)
The care is not that much better than Eastern Slovakia, you have to be your own best advocate, both in terms of the care you get, as well as what you are charged
Choose the wrong one, aand you're back to flipping burgers
EsLa LIT
In Slovak is jealousy "žiarlivosť" and envy is "závisť".
Because then would poland go bancrupt
This is pretty interesting to hear, because in Slovakia the foreign voters skew heavily towards liberal parties
Same here
Same, it's like fries with the shape of ball
[This one] is my favourite one - it means - be aware, there are slaves on the road
Once more people will start moving out of Germany, we can call her "Third world hellhole".
Frankly the support she has is absolutely out of bounds and if she wins im going to 100 percent think that WW3 is coming.
It doesn't take much to understand why EU wouldn't do that and it makes one wonder why UK thinks it would
We require 3/5ths of MPs to vote for amending the constitution so politicians like to put random stuff there so that it’s not easy to overrule it with a simple majority (e.g. in 2014 the coalition joined with opposition catholic and conservative parties for a quid pro quo - judicial reform AND a definition of marriage as a bond between a single man and a single woman got pushed to constitution at the same time
Especially food :3 I even visited these towers in Mestia
Plus it’s really nice, my personal favourite
The black ones are mostly found in salads, on pizza, but green ones are popular also being filled with something (almonds, tomato paste
TL;DR: Studying in Slovakia is free if you study a program taught in official national or minority language and you don't exceed the regular length of study for your program
I believe you can learn a language better if you learn the meaning of words in the language itself, as opposed to learning translations, so I started using Oxford/Webster dictionaries instead of English-Slovak dictionary as soon as I could understand them
Rly
I've noticed that some general electronics stores have one guy dedicated to watch for potential apple customers
but do you honestly think 1375 people is a small sample
Strabag is Austrian construction company and they thought this would look cool on their Slovak headquarter
Who knows, perhaps a few elections later Sinn Fein will lead NI pro-Republican government.
That being said, I agree that he should be more diplomatic when presenting stuff and try to avoid saying certain things in public before having consulted them in private
Maybe it was the type of the school too
Pretty strong on instagram, there has been a big boom recently and there are dozens of active pages
Granted, there are tourist traps there, but there are few and far between compared to Prague
We are already started the boycott on the pitch yesterday against Cyprus with a shit performance like that
idiots got internet
Slovakia with them visible borders
ah yes Nikolai II fucking things up as always and leaving a bitter aftertaste lmao
18C
HEY EVERYONE
Don't you have like a smoking and non smoking areas
didn't exist as independent countries 25 years ago.
yep, its a Slavic swear , means cunt or whore, though pretty sure Hungarians and Romanians use it as well
Excluding my birthplace in the Netherlands and my home country of Austria, 13: Germany, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Slovakia, Hungary, Poland, Russia.
We do but if we tried to do that Hungarians would accuse us of stealing theirs :P
Oh wow
As a kid it was fun, I got to play with a big living fish.
I laughed at the pronounciation
Yup , it is , but HS are from Slovakia
It would never tke the money from other authorities like Putin to pay for presidential campain like Slovakian president did so later he broke the sanctions agains Russia and invited russian officials.
well, me and my best friend didn't, but our class did.
It varies
(Slovak Robin Hood)
Honestly, Russia there did most of the job itself.
"Jablko" (apple) = "Jabĺčko" (lil' apple)
I am proud to be a Slovak
The 26-year-old Ms Hlavkova did something unusual: she reported it to her bosses, including the foreign minister, Miroslav Lajcak.
Nope, only derivates borrowed from other languages (lunárny modul, lunochod, lunárny kalendár) not the word luna itself
there are already aliances like this in Europe - like Hungary + Slovakia + Poland + Czech republic = [Visegrad 4]
No Slovak
Based
But their whole program is based on speaking to those simple people, assuring them they are the ones fighting this plague (often very dramatically, sometimes even sacrificing a lot) and that they're the ones who will stop their misery and make things right for "normal people".
I know lot of American who don't want to shop at Walmart
We use: “v Tramtárii/Trantárii” which is a made up country or a remote place
Hungarian Unicum can be traced back to 1790
Also, the job market, are there any significant differences that you found strange
The PM then goes on, blames Sulík publically for about 5 minutes, requests him to resign, and until the rest of the interview, you can hear in his voice, that he is about to weep (more than usually)
It's public space
And he acts like he is better then everybody, always talks about how everybody should just be calm and quiet
chlapi = multiple men
As long as it's sunny and not windy or cloudy I can function in short sleeves when it's above 0C, preferably above 5C tho
Ha, fair
Sorry, my mother, who also doesn't speak Russian in practice, went into a nursing school, where they had some classes in Russian, she memorized it this way and taught me
Whats up with Estonia
This is purely my opinion,
As for their slightly autocratic government the Germany is responsible in some level for its popularity.
Yes, definitely
Just because Brits voted Brexit becauses buses, dont mean anyone else wants to follow you.
They do nice events
No idea why
If exceeding the regular length it's about 600€ per whole school year
Till then we were all Hungarians or more specifically inhabitants of Hungarian kingdom and nobody really cared what language you use
I don't see Slovakia on this map.
If you dont like it, dont read it.
We are western slavs, in Central Europe
Again, ehm what
What does overpopulation have to do with cultural mixing?
In 40ties overtaken by the axis powers
We in Slovakia call Germany Nemecko (which, come to think of it now, also translates to land of the mute people)
The next time I visit Greece, I must try to order gyros, tris, to see if I get gyros, tetrakis
For example, here in Slovakia, like every county got it own dialect.
I literally don't care, I fuck up my sleep cycle regularly every week, so a one hour difference won't bother me
I completely understand you and feel you.
I dont really see that as normal.
Just doesnt have that much shit to see.
The age didn't matter at all
Example:
Foreigners aren't supposed to like it typically, but it's so yummy.
But this kind of teasing is pretty rare, we mostly get along with them very well.
There is some small ossuary below the center of Bratislava, near the Old Market building, but it is also closed for most of the year, and that's pretty much all I know from top of my head
>Also how is my sentence about Samo subjective but yours about Moravia isnt
drone footage of new highway bridges build at northwestern Slovakia
Fun fact: Capital city Bratislava is third greenest capital city in the world
Served mixed, sprinkled with Parmesan
Hi, my name is John
Minus the corona, our head of the government was in a serious car crash
Like, literal extremists that are using the chaos and hate to win some votes by appealing to young people
— one sound
"raz za uhorský rok" - once in a hungarian year (meaning very rarely if ever)
I black on words a lot
Voronin is a cunt with dead political future whose life is a hallmark of prostituting himself to highest bidder.
But it’s a slow and hard fight, because often the billboards and advertisement places are privately owned
Since when does UK have freedom of speech
and i agree with you how ridiculous is US healthcare system etc
People working in fields to have food and those "intellectuals" are going to write poems
It’s only nationalism that drives a deep divide between us in my opinion
You must be joking  Please go to estonia teach them how they want USSR back
Finally, yesterday was already way too late
It's an absolute disaster
Yup, all red, sounds about right
Can't remember any such words, but mostly because almost every word we use can be "colored" and made to sound childish by adding suffixes in the end
Well in middle ages making beer was one of the easiest ways of making water safe to drink, so low alcoholic beers (<1% ABV) were a cheap drink commonly used to quench thirst by peasants
Or do you just pay 15k and you can grow weed for the rest of your life?
The earth with an revenge
This proposal would just have maintained the status quo.
I cringe every time I see it posted like that.
It alps gets blocked if I use it in more than 1 country in 1 day, or if I withdraw more than $1000 in a 24 hour period.
But for example if I see someone and I can have 5 guesses I would be correct.
[Here] the part when the radio host reads the PM a fresh announcement made by Sulík, that he won't speed up the process of purchase of rapid antigen tests, as requested
Well, the official language was latin, nobility and governance were all speaking it.
We have few morons like this is parliament too and they put the same law every 6 months
With Givi, all remnants of old guard of russian proxies are now either dead or head common sense to GTFO.
Also the reason why it is so prevalent in those words
The old world was as multicultural as today's, if not more.
None of the resistance movements in Czechia or Slovakia, both during ww2 and during CSSR, were politically aligned
Above 15C I usually don't care about wind conditions and I just wear short sleeves automatically
Two way too old men with history of lying and abusing people around them, history of corruption etc
You could also include the Adratic Sea/Balaton/Danube for ship gameplay too
That's actually pretty useful
We just learned to ignore borders.
I even prefer to live here than when I lived in UK, I think we definitely have less contrast between classes (minus the Roma
Our languages are very similar + we are highly exposed to one another so there barely any problems with conversation
If I ever have a kid
Damn, we need to revise Trianon!
People usually say that Slovak sounds like Russian
Yeah, we go to work and shop there
It would last as long as it would take a Swedish politician to bring a can of surstromming to the shared parliament.
But it is hard to say without actual numbers.
But it's the same root, "zavinúť", "to roll up".
Anyway, Czechs got it even worse because many people consider Austria as Western Europe and Czechia as East Europe while Vienna is located way more east than Prague :D
Non-native English speakers, what is the most typical calque your countrymen incorrectly use, when they speak English
There was an independent Slovak state formed in 1939 but it's rather unpopular part of our history due to it being puppet state of a nazi Germany
Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Slovakia and Spain say Kosovo is part of Serbia.
"Oh, you know, just all those big green bugs doing that funny thing with their front legs and nothing else
I saw much easier grammar rules (e.g. I found Chinese to have quite easy grammar rules, but I'm only really basic level in that so perhaps it would get harder later) but also more difficult ones
People would flock over to a better deal and big monopolies cant have that, dont they?
Nice place
[Peter Bič Project - Hey Now] was popular even abroad
Yes, it's a soup to be served with bread.
It is duck with potato dough (also called slovak potato flatbread) with red cabbage
It's not only about common people, but the shitstorm of Eurocrisis in 2011 convinced many elites (academicians, politicians also people from business) that Euro is a no-go in forseeable future
This is not only Czechia
I just wanted to point out indirectly that we, too, have a history of holocaust to offer to dark tourists
Thay didn't polute so much
You thought that our government can't get any fucking dumber, didn't you?
Well, that looks worse than here
If you live in any bigger ‘city’ you probably won’t speak in a very specific dialect
Well, its like with Poland when polish people realized that when they elect PiS they will actually get PiS in government.
I don't know how much of this is true though
Sometimes there are some small cucumber seasons at other times, but that is not all that common
In Croatia the stereotypical [Czech tourist] is wearing sandals and white socks, but I guess it also applies to Poland and Slovakia.
It is truly one of the most evil things to ever be designed on this planet
Nitra- hockey-obssessed drunkards, farmers, poor Gypsies, metalheads & rockers
Crusade 2
At some point Great Moravia consisted of modern day Slovakia, Czech Republic, Carpathian Ruthenia, Hungary and some regions of Germany (where Sorbs live), Austria, Slovenia, Croatia and Romania
Later part ain't happening, though.
Wait, Turin is the Italian name
I think you now have a brief idea
In times of reality shows and such, politician first and foremost needs to sell his ideas.
If you have a pass, you simply get on and off whenever and wherever you want
Which was do or pretend to do as they tell you, ans they will leave you alone.
> Like why is the map angled this way
There are some disputes like flag (Both states agreed that none of them can use Czechoslovakian flag.
I visited Helsinki 2 years ago as a tourist during the summer, now being an adult I completely struggled with the summer night
I meant Bohemia and Moravia only.
You could also include the Adratic Sea/Balaton/Danube for ship gameplay too
Was ist das Nunstück gibt und Slotermeyer
I have never known that Germans occupied German speaking countries, seems weird to me
However the traffic, nope cant get used to it
what first snow didn't melt fast
I walked all over Slovakia at night
And we have single characters for a bunch of common sounds that other Slavic languages use multiple characters to express - ž, č, š, ď, ť, ň, ľ, á, é, í, ó, ú, ô, ĺ, ŕ.
But Hungarians just do not care
a half million of Hungarians, Hungarian would be the country's most spoken second language, when excluding English
our biggest rival
We had few "bag of potatoes" presidents over here
Afaik the Slovaks call Slovakia *Slovensko*
wait
It mostly just bars and you have to show and ID to get there
I love how Slovakia is how do I train a cat but if you look little left it’s how do I star in pornos
While most common surname is Horvath and second Toth :/
Plus also many most of te european countries recognise Palestine after all.
If you think of biden as some kind of Messiah, you are going to be disappointed
You know, it's similar here
And then you arbitrarily flail with the steering wheel and get angry at passengers pointing out that you just set the course off a cliff
the end (in 30 years maybe, after a treaty of some sorts)
I love Czechia
Yes I believe that you can relate more to European people and customs than outside people and stuff
Rains are more rare than sunny day or cloudy ones, but we dont have any problems with that
That’s true
Is involved in some shady shit in his personal life, but vows to get his shit together lately
Well I remember that
All credits go to Hungarian nobility, of course
It included parts (or the entire) of present day Slovakia, Hungary, Transylvania, Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia (maybe Slovenia too
I don't understand your sentence very well but I guess you mean that they are going to the west?
Just came back from Greece
Because why the fuck would you wait for police statement.
About pasta, I ask Italy
- When combined this can be even more fun because you can also buy a czech ticket online at the czech site for a trip that takes place entirely in Slovakia
Literally no company in City is talking about increasing their size or shares in City
Notslovenia
Batushka and Mgła if you are into black metal
Does it mean that I can order manga from Japan without paying additional taxes and coll
There is low tatras, then Slovenský raj, Karpaty, mala fatra velka Fatra
Also watch / watches (always plural in Slovak)
Like we need anyone to start one
In my opinion all of those Africans can simply travel to Tanzania, Botswana, Namibia, Zambia or South Africa, these countries are closer to them than my country and are better or comparable in terms of freedom, democracy, unemployment or global peace index.
I am as anti-austria-hungary as person can be, but what problem does this create
Outside of taxation of course
The walls are very thin, so you can hear nearly everything that happens in the rooms next to, above or under yours
Czechs are way better at beer than we are:)
Our translation of Harry Potter is quite infamous and is regarded by many to be of a poor quality
And my best friend studied IN Lithuania and she loved it
I don't know what exactly that is but some food made from liver
Our PM is not much, but he’s better than last two PMs
I am sorry for him too
Slovakia
Downside is increased energy consumption, thus increased carbon footprint, heating the planet that much more
mole (moths)
In my considerable experience, France is way off
Either that or communist heritage of the country, which is pretty much the reason people are so mental here, regarding political matters..
Next year are elections (unfortunately for them) so hopefully we will cleanse that sewer
I didn't see that many in Czechia or Slovakia.
I am the only person I know who writes "Ƶ". I just like it that way
Finally there will be an actual universal charger for EVERYTHING
Because I heard modern types of banks were first in the Netherlands
The traditional geek in let's say 1990s in eastern bloc was not somebody with Star Wars or Star Trek t-shirt or some such
Starting a fight
Or some drone is spotted and so on
This is fucking hilarious
Oh surely, just because it's biscuit sized, shaped and is eaten like a biscuit means nothing since it doesn't crunch
Kebab fastfoods are pretty common as well
First it had my curiousity, and from the first line until the end it had my full attention
Some would say it's mainly Russians on vacation in Ukraine
Small class, cca 20 people and it made us very close
If zis hepens one more time I vill hef to call ze polizei
And Hungary has some gypsies, Slovakia too.
It's questioned whether we had other options tho since either we ended up as German protectorate like Czechia or we are swallowed by Poland and Hungary who both had claims over the territory
At Least people my generation(gen Z)seem to be more appcepting
I see how it is
Wow not only we share similar name and flag but also living conditions, I might move to Slovenia for that sea access I miss a lot in Slovakia
You cannot rly compare history with czech to that with hungarians, yeah we probably were on par with everybody at some point in time, but the last 150years of empire (maybe more hard to evaluate) we were basicaly slaves in "our" empire
When I think about it maybe cause I live nearby (an hour away by car, bus or train) I never went there for a typical “sightseeing” multi-day tour I plan for myself like when I visit other foreign cities, I just always went for a specific one day trip, like we had school trips to prater or schonbrunn and the zoo, since I’m out of school I went there for a couple of business trips, and in winter we sometimes go with friends to christmas markets or iceskating in front of the rathaus, and I know some friends use to go to the opera but I’m not much of an opera/theater fan so I never went with them
Rural is better when you try to connect it to a different word…like juror
Depends
> And even an idiot can pull a trigger and kill a terrorist
In the 19th century it's mainly about the conflict of Hungarian and Slovak national movements
Wondering about a way to cool down properly during the inevitable 35+ summer, since the last one was absurdly hot
He said that you cant have a soldier at every corner and your solution is to give any random idiot a gun
It was very confusing map for me at the beginning
But then isn’t it worse to be stuck in this state in between
not many British nationals go to Europe to work or live
I met maybe 2 or 3 people who I could not tell they were Slovaks
Brno remains my favorite Czech city
It's used when calling/directly addressing someone ("Excuse me sir, ...").
At Slovakia they are much biger and higher and we call ´em mountains
Maybe in few decades once living standards will be closer to each other there might be some westerners coming to eastern states (nit in such large numbers, but signifficantly larger than today).
Can I skip on that work but instead bring some slivovica to spice that beer up?
There are alternative appstores
Our landscapes are of 2 types- the Mountains and the Lowlands (I dont know the english word)
**"I'm coughing on it"** - don't care about it
Maaan, would love to be there rn
To be honest, seeing photos of people doing the nazi salute is a bit iffy, it can just be a coincidence or the photo was taken just at the right time when his hand was in that position
Pavol Országh Hviezdoslav
Google and Facebook and so many more.
I would accept banning buildings over 250m... in Budapest there was a ban over 100m until recently
I just wanted to explain why such a minor difference on a paper may be such a big difference in a real life.
Everything after that to 1918 is meh
You must be joking  Please go to estonia teach them how they want USSR back
I'll be visiting UK, Spain, France, Italy, Slovenia, Hungary, Slovakia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Austria, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium.
1,9% y2y is not stagnation at all, it's better than the numbers for the US or Canada.
The last time Hungary loved Slovakia very much, they ended up bordering (occupied) Poland.
I'll take this too, as another American Slovak
of German companies present
Poland is suspiciously quiet
Sure, let's ban the Red Star because Croatia is obviously in danger of succumbing to communism, never mind that your previous minister of culture (noninated by HDZ - current governing party) is a fascist.
Most of it comes from a bit more relaxed ruling and treatment of minorities within the Austrian part of the monarchy (where Czechs belonged)
apparently one
Because it's most recent stats.
The photo is a bit old, there is a shitton of tall office buildings behind it now, so it doesn't look out of place right now at all
M5S is populist, but it doesnt want EU exit refereneum like Lega Nord.
They are not that different from outside
I do not understand only when our neighbourghs do not know anything about us, that is weird
It's funny how we can't build one simple highway, but we sure as hell can build another bridge across the Danube, or a dam, or anything else that isn't a highway to Kosice because of "problematic terrain". Switzerland has a problematic terrain yet they have several highways
My husband of 5 years (been together for 9) suddenly becomes my room mate
That is too artificial and nobody talks like that in real life...
* He/She/It - ďakuje
Military demarcation lines which focused on a, railways (WW1 era, big deal) b, river (Danube, Ipel) c, mountains (the south central Slovakia)
... Asterix lied to me
why oh why do western women convert to a religion that values them as exactly half as much as a man?
In Slovakia we have pirohy (same recipe as Polish pierogy), where the most popular filling is [bryndza] sheep cheese
Mannnnnn, we have 65 political parties and most of them are weird
Plus hollywood didnt help much.
It's beautiful
And Belarusians make the potato alcohol
But yeah, that aint no constitution, but this is the document I was supporting my claims with
, but it generally depends a lot on how did you learn English and how much do you use it
Unfortunately modern feminists don't care about men issues (even though they claim to  be for equality)
Albania, Czechia, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxemburg, Slovakia, and Slovenia all combined , active and reserve, do not even match the personnel numbers of Portugal alone.
If question would be who has best noodles, then you can run vote chart for Japan, China, Indonesia, India
It's like owning a big car
None of us say London
Oh you are still hearing about it in Belgium
In certain video game I once said I am from Slovakia(when people asked) and suddenly Hungarians started about how was Trianon unjust etc
Nope
yep, and the other way around as well :)
But lots of people either don’t know the price and think it’s much higher or don’t want it because it might make them look pompous
I can see how ukraine would be way more welcoming
I thought it’s a dick
There were lot of people in party or in military organizations
It's a problem of mentality caused by the past
That has nothing to do with socialism, communism, capitalism, fascism, and other similar -isms
being childless, it is not easy to change it).
There are slang words words like "kámo" (mate) and "brácho" (bro)
In our country is probably Jozef Tiso (presidend of Slovak State during WW2) or Vladimir Mečiar (First prime mimister of Slovakia)
* to (that)
Clearly, I’m partial to it as a Slovak speaker, but it being almost entirely phonetic (the whole phonetic thing got ruined by the introduction of “y” which sounds just like “i”) is nice
We didnt want this and when the opportunity came, we left it - you really oversimplify things, kind of weird seeing this froma German whom...I assume is aware of the existence of the Berlin wall.
Does Slovakia have scarey spiders like redbacks?
we need to talk more about the hunk of a ~~doctor
Then I can sing God Save The Queen, from my English class
And 'hair' sometimes too
No, in Czech and Slovak those are pronounced the same as i. For comedic effect you can pronounce it more like your y = more like the German ü but that's it
We didn't. Don't trust Chinese numbers
But I was just confused, why is it so different and I found, you ministry of
Everyone knows if you want to get shitfaced, you go to Partyslava.
Apparently, our government is considering a ban of plastic bags
I get it that Americans live in their ,,own continent,, but considering how many people are immigrants and are from foreign countries/if not directly their parents, families and so on - i expected more/ after all here in Slovakia we regularly make fun of Americans that they are stupid - it is really very common.
And what would that dedicated ministry do
That is because we don't actually want Ukraine in the EU or anywhere near it>
So how do you like Mamma Mia
The Lowlands are in the southwest, and other than that mixed between some mountain ranges
they forgot Slovakia :(
Or -just out of curiousity- how many $ or € could buy me a small 2-room apartment in the outskirts of a large city
Yeah, its great and I applaud them.
Then I spent some time in the US and now it's a mixed mish mash or accents
"prosím" (please), + surname
Or, if you are in Turku, you go to that yellow shack for some makkaraperunat
As a member, you cannot block accession that started prior to your entry.
How do you even deal with such kind of people
Small things like names
Hence you would need to be able to investigate people without a legal reason and you would need to be able to arrest them based on such otherwise illegal investigation and with a lack of legally acceptable evidence.
We are World Champions in complaining and cynicism
I am officialy sorry for Babiš, guys
Worst betrayal of modern European history in my opinion
What makes you think that all immigrants integrate and thus be able to take advantage of the perks of a wealthy society?
But lower income earners have a much better life in the EU
That's very easy in our case - Slovakia - both in terms of culture, shared history, language similarities and social connections.
Like Zochem or like Kochem
If you check the numbers Poland, Baltic states, Slovakia are already closing to Portugals level and Czechia together with Slovenia already surpassed it.
we have "čuchať fialky odspodu", to smell violets from underneath
And  Estonia
I'm not even into trucks or driving for that matter but his videos are extremely relaxing and satisfying to watch
damn i’d simp for slovakia
I like the thoughts of a mindless slug
Maybe it was the type of the school too
So, is there any context to this photo or evidence that he was actually performing the nazi salute ? Because throwing someone under the bus just because of a still image doesn't seem fair, Like that photo of prince William where it looks like he's giving someone the middle finger
ah i forgot about those two, belgium as well afaik
Then you have different friends and family then me.
Be kind to people on mountain treks; you don't know when you will need their help.
Shit at least you can burn it for fuel.
They're making some very people and pedestrian friendly choices, which I love
And he acts like he is better then everybody, always talks about how everybody should just be calm and quiet
E.g. it's also relatively easy to find a Chinese content but it's hard to follow it because their movies are often uninteresting for me or full of propaganda BS so it's hard for me to actually keep watching it regularely
Transported to gulag in 3
> Also connected to Slovaks as well
I can think of one far-right party that made it pretty far.
It just struggles you how things are different now
Learning a language is different for everyone though.
also "hlapec"(boy) and "jed"(poison) are the good ones
Also, the famous chess-playing automaton devised by Wolfgang Kepmelen in Bratislava in the 18th century is rumored only to be a hollow doll, secretly "housing" a Turkish amputee, who was very good at chess
No federal paid parental leave, no free pre-school or day care, no free colleges, no federally mandated sick leave, or paid leave
In Prague a beer is usually 30-40 czk (1
Poland, Slovakia, Czechia and Hungary are practically at the same development level.
Been to Bulgaria every summer since I was like 7, so maybe that's why, but I'm pretty sure I could get by somehow :D
getting rid of 'bohemism' and so on)
I don't anymore, as there is so many of them that it's unbearable
3M tickets printed, 7€ per ticket
Amen
You then also have some high-schools that are bi-lingual by choice, usually English, French, German or Spanish as the 2nd language
that’s actually almost exactly how I imagined it as a kid lmao I found it scary but I never really questioned it
Hmm, i must have been sleeping to hard, i didnt felt it
Oči, uši, ústa, nos
Ok, I do understand it is somehow usefull.
I meant modern day Slovakian borders.
He was a guy who wore his father's or grandfather's silon trousers and an old shirt while he was tinkering with his radio or while he wrote some piece of code on paper that he can later test on some old computer at school
Wow, holy shit
God, would I have hated that crap.
The other countries are: France, Italy, Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Spain, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Sweden, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Portugal.
(That is Health insurance & other types of safety nets that are common in the EU) Do you prefer the US model
Boris is really dragging down the dignity of that scene
For the next time I recommend seeing Oravsky Podzamok (60km from Zilina), High Tatras (a must), castle in Trencin and Beckov castle
7 in Iceland
Everything to the left of Hitler is far-left for someone who supports Donald Trump.
I struggle to see the basis for your assumption that the offer was made in good faith, considering how many times Stalin betrayed his word (especially to the Poles)
And what fucking subject
Vi politišns vil bi dééér on au behauf ant togeder vis au óvn afojnt eksperts epecjalist from de íjjú kántis vi vill čráj tu fájnd de best soljúšns and dedlájns for slovékija
But then isn’t it worse to be stuck in this state in between
Vatican Nativity Scene Pays Tribute to the Plight of Refugees
Current country average is about 900€/month.
Best wishes neighbours
If you want to see Russian troops and how they operate look in Crimea
And if you for some reason forget when you're in a hurry
God save the king now sounds pretty stupid, tho.
An estimated 20 per cent of refugee children in Serbia are unaccompanied and travelling alone.
Spanish
- SaS: right-wing liberals, pretty much consistent with their supposed ideology, less beaurocracy, a lot of support for economics
Lol, nope never
In many European countries we hear these big words about preserving our cultural heritage but it apparently doesn't apply to everything
KFC/Burger king/Panda express/Subway etc - rare spawns
"Nad Tatrou sa blyska" is a classic
com] in Northern Africa split
Calgary dipped to -30 with wind chill this past week.
Not really
The irony of a country built by immigrants building walls to keep out specific types of immigrants should be lost on no one.
Very good comment
German is influence is just as bad as the SU was
There is [this] popular punk band who once made a pretty funny Rammstein parody, by playing their music style and throwing in random words in Slovak
Don't Hungarians have kurva too?
My iphone was stolen once
I can't believe people actually believe that bullshit after what Russians did to us in 1968
And yep we do get freaked by your servers
Because they pay such low salaries.
Thats weird, how did that pass?
Immigration, secularism, security are strong points of Fillion too.
Slovak National Security Authority (NBU - Národný Bezpečnostný Úrad) having nbusr / nbusr123 as login and password
What are you talking about
), and even after explaining why they're wrong, they still maintain their old ways
Another way to go there would be to call Slovenia Slovakia and vice versa
There can literally be ONE guy having a multimillion dollar IT company
sane (sleigh)
By my "unfetter capitalism can work" i meant it can exist, not that it is right
Yeah, would be fun to see in 5 years how much is going to be true.
BoJo is actually an improvement
In 2013-2017 crown was not allowed to go beyond 27 CZK/ EUR
It soo easy to blame EU for problems of Greece, especially people like those in documentary.
I've seen pretty much most major cities in Europe, and I too think Istanbul would be awesome for this
law
Lol, “only” 5k...
If you count castle ruins too, it's very very likely
Zakhrachenko is puppet about whom no one heard before he became "leader" of DNR.
everything you said is incorrect
came here for the hook&rib
The closest you can go to explain the sound is to read tya and the sound the t makes in that combination
You can try it for yourself on
There are some places where there is still this macho culture pretty alive, but honestly as a tourist you are most likely not going to get there
We really had no big experience with beer at the time, so it all tasted bitter to us
The best thing after a long day is to sit down with the appartment owners, chat and have some rakija
Why do you think you have so many lions?
Made me super sad to
I’ve been to all these and they were magnificent places worth spending time to
We are the last bastion of reason, fairly liberal sanity and pro-european democracy in the central-east, surrounded by Poland and Hungary
Is it not
Hmm, is there a communist party in Portugal
The food portions are huge and I hate wasting food
Sameeee
tldr:
No war is over until the enemy says it's over.
Which they do not seem to have a the moment.
The thing use, low budget airlines use BTS as supplement to Vienna airport.
I was buying plaster in San Francisco and the girl in the shop looked at me as if I was stupid
After elections Erdogan broke the ceasefire and sent military to cities in SE which had massive support base of HDP.
It is very likely there is a word even shorter than that, but please, give me some credit, surely you all know how consonant-heavy west slavic languages are
Lithuania=Litva
Like Chamberlain and Churchill
I don't think it's very relevant in Europe where we developed distinct ethnical identities.
[wiktionary] says:  from Latin *Codania*, from Sinus Codanus (“the Baltic Sea”)
Does people in Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia speaks better German than Russian?
Macron won
Always makes me laugh
It wasn't. The text was written by studen of Štúr - Ján Matuška, and the music comes from Slovak folk song Kopala Studienku
Unimięs was caught red-handed exporting salmonella-contamined poultry meat to Czechia and Slovakia last year.
"Thank" is a verb and all verbs in Slovak (and I believe it's common for all Slavic languages) have different form based on who (1st, 2nd or 3rd person and sg
LA was dirty and full of homelesness and so much traffic with really bad public transport
I saw gorgeous architecture built there but that's the only thing I can witness, I don't think I can find an unbiased source given I don't speak perkele
Not really metal, but the Finnish neofolk band Nest does use kantele as one of the main instruments
&#x200B;
It is really a badly made, poor Svätopluk.
I always cheer for Czechs
one way to look at it would be to look up a list of UNESCO heritage sites.
Also, writing in English means your work has a much larger reach and can become more successful and affect your career choice if you want to be a writer, actor, streamer/youtuber and a multitude of other things that are affected by the language you use
Please use the full title, thank you
Very good comment
Wait - google says around 600000.
Russian seems to have more exceptions as well
As for whom I guess
Hrad nowadays means "castle".
We call it kel here and I especially dislike small variant called ružičkový kel
But the more you look into his reign, the worse it gets
I think he is globally known (på en måte) - but not many people know him here where I live
I think from the all, Traders joe was my favourite
It's mostly meant for kids in school to eat between breakfast (7:00) and lunch (13:00) at about 10-11:00
He havent done anything much, i at least expected him to end the amnesties but well..
Also always talks about cars
On other hand you have Russia which is ,,designed,, as our adversary even enemy by some countries.
It does resemble "obliged", doesn't it
UK is basically asking that EU redraws its core agreements that were being developed for decades just so it would suit the UK and to ignore how it would hurt the EU.
I'm for globalism exactly to prevent this kind of shit.
In prague there is a park called "židovské pece" which means "jew furnaces"
One instance we actually took a picture with a gravestone was when we found our family name on a cemetery in Barcelona which was quite unexpected discovery
Same thing goes with dialects
I am sorry for all the drunk and noisy tourists you guys get there
>Vaše reči izgledaju tako čudno, previše akcenata i 'y'.
From what I've seen, čvut is still a lot behind on these, although the nuclear faculty's physics department is very solid
I'd also recommend hiking in Ukraine's Carpathian mountains around the village of Yasinya (on the road south of Yaremche), it's possible to walk to the top of Ukraine's highest mountain (Hoverla) from there in a day.
I assume this can be found between two pages that have been glued together?
crimea had referendum and they wanted to join russia, so they did, everything else is just water under the bridge now
I want to try living in as much countries as possible and EU helps me in that
It shows that our people are eager to fight together
This is an argument that I can accept.
koryto Dunaja
Grandma taught me when i was no more than 7 , she would take her old communist bicycle and make me ride the old dirt roads behind our village
Nu-uh, no fighting for such a small detail as being left out and ignored (again), ôk? It was surely just a small mistake that could happen to litteraly anybody, no need to throw hands in there
You dont have a neighbour in war, have you?
Turns out, it's Czech
I've been to ceremonies, where as county of origin they would just put Romania or Slovakia or Ukraine instead and called it a day.
WTF are they even using minks for
hej
But La Marseillaise isn't about the city Marseille
I mean we paid them to take our jews
I agree
&#x200B;
I am a girl so going to a dirty toilet is bit too much for me
Holywood . That's pretty much it
Group A is trying to steal as much they can by appealing to elder population
Just curiosity, why do you mention Italy and Greece and not, let's say, Portugal, Ireland, Poland, Finland, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, Czech republic, Slovakia, Croatia, the Netherlands...
Russia is a tourist destination tho
It was weird, but also kind of refreshing
There is nothing really valuable inside and all computers use FDE
vo as voice
Well if anything is below 1€ it’s usually from some bottle that costs around 3-5€ when buying wholesale
May I ask about the exact focal length?
Because a child from orphanage has right to be adopted into fully functional family (mother and father), not artificial social construct of 2 homosexuals.
EEU was supposed to be gigantic union with one currency, one government, basically EU on steroids.
A guy from my high school (in Košice) started an MLM in Eastern Slovakia that is getting quite big
They were Polish long before war.
Or in offices
I'm interested in Dutch point of view, not Turkish one.
I've not really experienced anything negative towards different races
Beards are quite popular amongst my generation, especially the ones with darker hair have always beards
Slovakia today (1993-)
But those sods refuse to write mail in english.
I still don't expect them here
(doubtful, but hopeful)
Yes, it's misogynistic, but it also isn't at the same time
But lot of the snow melted, so you have to go higher up and I highly doubt that there will be more fresh powder this season
I fucking love Horkýže Slíže so much
a Spaniard moves to Sweden and such, so it's not as easy for USA to blame the migration for their issues.
Maybe it is native English speakers, who should get it right
They will do it in Europe, not in (looking at skin color) Africa.
Thank You for this exceptional content
That can't be right  that's like dial up
While the population is not very pro-Russian those investments give Moscow strategic leverage in Slovakia.
Just looking through that window you made brings back memories of my great trips to Greece
Without the crown though
We used to call it the beggar's beer considering the price, and IMO it tasted beery enough to us at the time
I love how Slovakia is how do I train a cat but if you look little left it’s how do I star in pornos
In our last election, our most liberal party got 33% of foreign votes, but in total didn't get enough votes to get to the parliament
So I hope there will be more like me doing the same
It is the shit
Here in Slovakia in winter it will get dark around 3pm in december
She was a Disney princess before Disney was a thing
Haha so now when someone says something you don't like it's being triggered?
I dont like meat pies
It's the only rich western neighbouring country.
Not all of them, but lot of jewish people can see the problems.
These percentages are now well below the corresponding averages for the transition region and for CEB.
People from Western Europe say that we are eastern Europe, because Europe was split for 40 years by Iron curtain
Russians are slavs, and slavs are European
Hungarian south is pretty religious and conservative too, though.
I doubt this was actually work of ukrainian special forces.
Also in favor of eventual EU federation down the line.
The main train station is embarrassing though
But hey why should I blame current people for 100 years old events right
[I guess this one
The shithole part was him making fun of that time when some guy on tv called you like that, and the whole Europe came to rescue to tell they are stupid for saying that
well, every momma has her favorites
in Bratislava it depends on the neighborhood, some neighborhoods don’t allow more than 5 stories and I’m not talking about the historic old town now
I surprised an Italian in a bar once, by knowing what "cieco" meant (blind, a homophone with Czech), as he wanted to tell me about the Italian dad joke ("I met a blind man
I've heard that Wales has more, but noone knows what was considered as a castle when counting them there
are you sure a German writer was making puns in slavic languages
Hahaha that subforum
We also build your cars
Chocolate combined with alcohol is the ultimate combo lmao
How about Vesihiisi
I don't speak French
It's way less cool when you say it out loud.
Yes, the reason is obviously communism, not the west fucking up east germany after reunification
officialy it's only New year's eve, but some people do it also on Christmas
By the way, please tell me the education of your parents.
**Article 1:**
I think everybody here knows [Eurotrip] Another gem is [Hostel] Well that's basically all that has ever been mentioned about Slovakia
No, Jesus is sitting on the right of God, as his right hand
We've studied the subject lightly during one of our lectures here in my university
But it is very weird to me, especially if someone brigs some better bottles (as we did) and someone else is opening them like his own
Dutch, Deutsch, people always confuse the two
Sad Slovak noises
cz and it should work
That obviously isnt true, because they wouldnt vote for her, if they didnt want her
Had one try and convince me to buy an iPad instead of a much cheaper Samsung tablet
sounds like something people should know about
anti-immigration) = quite a bit behind most Eastern European countries, especially Hungary and Slovakia.
> Way bigger divide between men and women(feeling only really but as a 20 year old guy the entire thing was kind of creepy on more than one occasion
Who the fuck is Nifra and how is she the most popular DJ here?
I mean yeah they dont write in book that HATE HUNGARY/HUNGARY BAD, obviously
Looks like you have same sense of humor as Germans
The Slovak national movement in 18./19.
Older slovaks - those born during Communism - are too lazy to actually demand something
Not my thing at all
Tastes the same minus the diabetes
I don't personally know any long haired man except metal guys.
So, if you sit somewhere in US and wants to order Spagetti, Lasagne, Ravioli, Rigatoni, Tortellini, Linguine, Penne, Pappardelle, Elbows, Farfalle
koryto Dunaja
Also group A is full of smart lawyers that know how to fuck up the system right, so we can't really do anything other than radical things
Cry Hungary: A Revolution Remembered - a BBC documentary from 1986 about the Hungarian Revolution of 1956
In addition, it is estimated that by 2015 around 2 million additional jobs will be generated due to these levels of investment.
Lukashenko: "Ivan, Ivan, Americans just asked us if there are any Poles crossing the border"
Brexit can be success story only if EU disbands.
Wait, Turin is the Italian name
In Soviet Russia, male mantis eats the female, apparently
I know lot of American who don't want to shop at Walmart
Plus part of my SO family are refugees from Palestine, and yep sorry I cant condone for those actions when listening to their stories.
Sorry guys
Bulgaria lost around 2 mil people since  fall of communism
I am a cat person in a dog country
I hope, that we can agree, that even though that we have crazy fundamentals and some of them are, or can be equated to the conservatives and fundamentals in muslims societies, our societies are WAY more tolerant, free minded and liberal than most/all muslim majority countries and societies.
Im really upset on the fact that some bright mind came with the idea of assasinating him
We have mosquito and donkey
I have added the stances for the Slovakian parties and changed the Czech ones.
I am afraid it is not interestimg unless you know the news
Let’s start with legalizing mocking of religion across Europe
Now that you've shut down Ignalina, I don't know why do they still exist
Irishman takes the fly out and continues drinking
in slovak it's 'ťahák'. it could be translated as 'puller'
As a citizen of Playoff winner B, I think we have a chance for the 2nd spot
But then why did the other person ask me how I'm doing
15 minutes by bus on when the traffic is good - or 20 minutes by bike when the weather allows it
I would love to see that from an outside perspective too
For Slovakia I guess it's probably Czech, then English, Hungarian, German, Russian, Ukrainian and Romani
The alcohol laws are the reason why I'd never want to live in Sweden
Czech, Slovenian, Slovakian, Hungarian are somewhat important near the respective border however they are hardly ever, if at all, taught in school and are not as prevalent as the other languages either.
If I was like them I would still blame them for Magyarization or when they literally attacked Czechoslovakia
"Strom" (tree) = "Stromček" (lil' tree)
Same as "Merkel", "Trump", "Erdogan" or anyone.
I am not saying you are wrong, but you are also not right.
Isn't Slovakia already white as fuck?
Indeed, it was a shame, and yea, there were many emperors that had interesting lives
For example i never expected anyone to know about Slovakia, just generally speaking i was expecting this kind of geography non-knowledge and it was even worse than i expected:D
She said she would go to Parliament to approve the *done deal*.
It's sooo freaking weird
So if your pro-communism support comes from idea of completely abandoning social structures and "equality" that is unbelievably naive
Russia
I have gotten so sick when I first got to his place because of the ACs in USA are being set as a stand in for an ice age
True, just tried to protect myself from some Polish nationalist that would get angry, bcs I dared to call them out on their bs
It's just much more fun
For Slovakia there's also Gabcik and Kubis (in WW2)
he was born in zilina, a very slovak place
Hahahahahahaha
Nah, Austria is like us in EE, they just dont want to admit it.
(basic human needs) will be fully automated and very cheap to produce
Gorazd prayer, despite being a millenia old, it is somewhat understandable
But it sounded to me, as I wrote
Belarus is actually pretty nice.
Regular guy who has paid job and is ,,average American,, with german, italian, polish heritage would probably have no problems here, not the same for Afro-American from some poorer neighbourhood - hard to find job here and would be seen differently than white guy working in office in Bratislava for example.
We don´t lay, on what´s others, our hands,
So, the data will show her leaving home at the age of 28, even though she will not have lived with my parents for over 10 years by then
Oh the irony
And when it comes to these demos, you will always find apoists who will get inside with the Ocalan flags and what-not given that they are most organized diaspora group, so they will always make their way either to those demontrations or many simply leftists demos.
In the evening the does it again: "Good evening Sun".
Good comment, I am also using Eurostat foreign language statistics all the time.
There are other examples like political units or nations having feminine associated while plain geographical locations are neuter (might have mixed up those in a way, though)
Also, I like to think that the second part is indirect reference to Czechs whom didn't fulfill Pittsburgh treaty
(Hungarians buy those cars because Slovakians tax car ownership less.)
The entire Eastern part
[This] is a typical bus in Bratislava, as you can see there's a lot of doors to choose from
My mom lives in Austria, my exgf in Hungary, and when I came to a visit, I picked up my gf and went to mom's place, crossing border twice and being in 3 different countries in time span of 30 minutes
I have always seen them in TV, this trio babiš, okaumra and the pirate guy
We hanged Jozef Tiso and generally punished the rest
He loved it
Ohh the Soviet Union offered to deliver a million men into Poland and people weren't interested
Netherlands in this case has one of most pro-small party election system on continent.
Thank you for your perspective and the time it has taken to answer these questions
A metal can running on oxygen candles and smelling like a sewer isn't going to happen again.
This seams like such a childish issue
We (Slovaks and Czechs) had elections, just that there was only one political party.
I spent years trying to learn it in school, but always saw it as being in competition with English as the foreign language I excel at, so I grew to despise it as a child
This rule apply most of the time, so there are plenty of people going 130 on a 70km/h road that can barely fit two cars, and same ammount of people who go 90km/h on a highway
We also earn A LOT MORE than in Europe (I make around 4 times what I would in Bratislava, 8 times what I would in Michalovce)
You can buy tickets from Bratislava to Breclav and then from Breclav to Warsaw on CD
I love sweet dishes with poppy
TIL there were 3 Cod Wars with Iceland
How different is it in Asturian compared to Castillan
I don't believe this
And the rocky Tatra, like a wall runs round along
And in the world we live in we have to do that somehow.
So you can't use that
Well, then you're wrong
Tomorrow is saint pats day, and most people are gonna drink and wear green and say their Irish but its what we do once a year, its our culture.
That means they have national interests and are using illegal activities(breaking international law) in order to achieve their goals.
For example Walmart is a freaky place to go to, its as big as hangar
I just feel like everyone else does not
Shame I just found out when it’s almost over :(
May also apply to experimental physics, accounting, statistics, macroeconomics, logistics, etc
Grodno is beautiful, how about that one
and [makové šúľance]
He wants quick Brexit and is adamant in taking away passporting rights from UK, therefore nuking City service markets and than luring them to Paris by changing tax and labor laws.
Yes, I always see very much austrian cars with sign Burgenland or Wien in front of Tesco and then going out from shop with cheap and trash food what novody buying
We call it Tschechien in German, though I heard the rather outdated word Tschechei used not too long ago.
The median age is however increasing, but I think that's the case for most of Europe
I do not understand how can you take a negative stand against this issue, but perhaps you can elaborate?
However, nationality didn't really play role till like 18th/19th century
But Urpiner for me
My mom lives in Austria, my exgf in Hungary, and when I came to a visit, I picked up my gf and went to mom's place, crossing border twice and being in 3 different countries in time span of 30 minutes
I’d love to speak it so I can go on a vacation through French countryside and enjoy myself without a language barrier
However, officers don't carry it outside unless really necessary
I'll probably move out when I grow up
I have no idea who started it
A lot of Hungarians here watch and read Hungarian media, but those interested in domestic issues will certainly prefer Slovak media
I’ve just googled that our gov financially supports over 70 sports associations and I’ve never even heard about 10 of the sports (like wtf is korfbal or boccia) and for another 10 of them had no idea there’s even interest here let alone gov money (we have baseball and petanque in Slovakia
I wouldnt use adblock at all if not for the obnoxious, sound blasting, half-screen popping, fake X, ads.
That is why large amount of people here do not feel for their city.
You can drink your own, but definitely at some point someone will pour you something else from those bottles there
only 13% of people live in towns under 1000 inhabitants
So yeah, I might be prejudiced, but I suggest at least equal amount of time in both Ukraine and Slovakia, if not more in Ukraine.
Hungary loved Slovakia so much that we just had to invade them and they ran to Hitler for protection.
If the day was shit, they'll say so and explain why
Some places are still like that.
But I'm not a local and I'm wrong
I have a question - I've been confused at how people refer to Smer as a left-wing party, even as they describe how Fico did a terrible job funding schools and hospitals, and how he's very opposed to immigration.
Outside of that, really cool city
Other can either wait on a ship (food and basic medical aid will be provided) or can be transported free of charge to their home country.
Not full fledged states as later, not to mention that Serbian minority in Voivodina at the time wasn't that large and didn't consist majority.
I need this in my life
Best of luck to you guys there
Basically the whole poland orava wedding issue would not be able to happen in NZ because they simply can't cross the water easily to go party to a different country
[We've already done it, no problem
>Our reverse is "fukati" - though that might be with Czech, I'm not sure
I'm just not letting that cloud my judgment enough to expect the Polish to give up their sovereignty on something as completely worthless as Stalin's word
So after Bratislava was "ethnically cleansed" (expulsion kind not murder kind) there was an agreement with Hungary to swap people
It is also like that it in both Czech and Slovak languages - "bohém/bohémský život" and while it may not immediately make one think of a gypsy, if we look into the actual meaning behind it, it does resemble their way of life and their easy going attitude.
I was fortunate to turn it off soon enough
You know Finnish, but you don't know German
Sure, look at all those complete families adopting children in Slovakia.
Why its shameful to be behind us.
Even Hitler was
I surprised an Italian in a bar once, by knowing what "cieco" meant (blind, a homophone with Czech), as he wanted to tell me about the Italian dad joke ("I met a blind man
just dont do it
How was it before the direct elections, who used to pick up the president
Yeah because I use english a lot and I am also taking French lessons, while now trying to pick up some quick Spanish for my trip
Wasn't China also allowed
What did his predecessor do
It's not like we're different countries culturally, and I kinda don't care about politics, so I don't even count it to "leaving" my country
SCHÖNER
abour country tag/flair - neviem ako na mobile, ale na webe ked si otvoris tento subreddit tak vpravo mas About Community kde si vies rozkliknut Community Options a tam to nastavis
whilst it lasted
I see, but how much is the actual inflation
Not city but country
Silence
Well, what would it need it for?
I like finns
Love it there
I mean this guy might be a nazi for all I know but the fact is that we don't know and we shouldn't just assume this from one picture
IIRC it has something to do with the church in Czechia cooperating with communists, while in Poland and Slovakia they were mostly part of the resistance.
How big is that fire
Conjunctions mostly (mostly probably entirely)
They had no relation to the places they were settled, so it showed.
Košice, more than 200,000 people, direct flights to many Western European capitals and an old town prettier than in Bratislava
This perfectly shows how stupid the outrage around Article 13 is
Hungary - the uter hatred towards hungary is felt thru all of our history books, and our constitution
being in the minority on this sub maybe
if they know better or only hungarian
Kinda misunderstood question
But for example in California they also have more variety in vegetarian burgers and lots of avocado so that works for me
From Slovakia
However, if you were waiting someone arriving (like at an airport) or saying farewel for a longer time, a handshake is more common
How is that related
[The Bridgeheads - Fire]
Why don't you rather invest in Eastern Poland?
We have "Ujo", when it is a man, and "Teta", when it's a woman.
Fuck, seems like you are stuck with Dear Leader until Trump finally creates a world peace.
Use their trick of 'suicide'. You know write a heart-felt confession how foreign soviet power is forcing him to go against CZSK best outcomes
And Clinton received more votes than Trump.
We should work together and not dwell on old history
They also [tried to alter] our (Slovak) commemorative coin dedicated to saints Cyril and Methodius but we won that battle
Šišky :) But we eat them with jam on top
And they're confused with Slovakians..
There is a lot of fake news and russian propaganda in our countries
There is a saying here that "veverička" (squirrel) is called that because when it runs it bounces its bottom: "veje riťka"
Yes Slovakia is rurally backward compared to its neighbors, there are still villages where people wear traditional clothes (kroje).
They are not majority, but they exist.
They are not that different from outside
, but it generally depends a lot on how did you learn English and how much do you use it
LOOK HERE
Check
So e.g. Bratislava - Praha can have at least 5 different ticket prices (because you can also buy return ticket at a station which has again a different price)
I always thought the revolution was a success for the hungarians (as we slovaks sided with austrians and were promised recognition and got nothing) but i guess if it really was a succes hungary would be completely independent
Cunts
Yes, they are
[Except if the rules apply to countries which are rulled by parties allied to CDU]
( fun fact : some of them contains lot of "German" worlds from German miners which come here in medieval times)
Romania's anti-corruption services are reminiscent of Securitate
I always ask for tap water in restaurants, because I dislike sugary sodas
The main issue is that the overall education level is really bad
Or when we fought for freedom the Russians came to help the Habsburgs becouse of a union that was put in place, because of Napoleon
If it is someone you know(depends who it is) - Yes/Hi/Good Day
> Sofia
And all you get in return is a nice, safe and confident country where everyone gets to pursuit their happiness to the best of their ability
At least they did some minor renovations for hockey championships
Yeah, Polish would be better understood by Slovaks, especially those familiar with eastern-slovak dialect
Any place can be used for propaganda if You want to, but memorials are a thing that should be kept to remind people of the past
But come back to Bratislava
Ehm if you ever wanna try some good Slovakian beer, I would say, yes small breweries
Winter time is great for dumpster diving
The weather is pretty normal for Central Europe (-10 to 5 degrees during the Winter, 25 to 35 during summer)
Where from are
For some reason my and my friend thought people are staring at us and judging us as we wandered around
And we have single characters for a bunch of common sounds that other Slavic languages use multiple characters to express - ž, č, š, ď, ť, ň, ľ, á, é, í, ó, ú, ô, ĺ, ŕ.
Another laughable ranking, I think these kind of adjustments are done for poor countries in Eastern Europe to feel at least little better.
As a german-speaking Slovak, I find them quite likeable
Just after then people started realize that we might be of a different ethnicity since we speak a very different language
Because in slovak you have words like "polícIA" which is pronounced as "polícIja" with "i" but then there are words like "hroIAci", pronounced as "horjaci" without "i".
Following your isles discussion as a central European I am like wtf
Most of people are speaking with heavy dialect to the point where I don't really understand them
interestingly
> Bank
Hell NO
and a really bad one, those lands werent hungarian to begin with and if they wouldnt tried to push aponyis laws so much and didnt tried to ,,make other nations" within great hungary magyar, along with stealing children and relocating entire communities becuase of a nationalist movement of 19th century, perhaps then they wouldnt have lost so many lands
/r/Slovakia is conducting large scale military exercises of purely defensive nature across the southern border.
It's such a terrible place
this ain't Siberia
But i don't doubt it, as there wasn't really Slovakia before
People generaly dont like nazis.
But if EU producers switch from British suppliers to EU based suppliers, it will help to offset some of the issues.
Each country has their own ISPs and lobby
Alternatively, you could go for a more literal translation
Also during Spring there are other fests as [Fašiangy] for instance where are people dresing in various costumes and other fun stuff
There was a lot of movement in Carpathian basin.
They did include Asians
TAY IS STILL ALIVE
As a fellow Slovak, I struggle with Slovak cities with names in plural - Košice, Michalovce, etc
It seems like opposition is solidifying, but PiS announced they will take measures to limit freedom of assembly which could hamper impact of protests while sabotaged Constitutional Tribunal can't do anything about it.
I know I know, Kuko is hosting there
I wonder if they actually can comprehend that
So maybe in future
That guy that is neither popular, nor unpopular
The Czech president and Slovak prime minister are against receiving any immigrants and are very anti muslim
Union should stand together, more now than ever
And since I worked with liberal jewish NGO that had projects in palestine, yet I choose to stand on their side pretty much after all Israel tried to streamroll it, even if we wanted nothing from them, but they just didnt like our money going that way.
I think I finally found my word
Medium to large
Oh, they don't join cause then they can't invade whoever they want
They are extremely objective to 500 million Europeans.
It was more of a question
Is it's just friendly picking on each other
It exists in Slovakia, at least in the region I'm from.
But then again, I know virtually nothing of the Balkan area
I just disagree with that kind of thinking, paying for 1st credit card with your 2nd and 2nd with your 3rd.
Happy cake day
its really funny by the way, as far as i read the replies, the countries who attribute evil with patriotism more often than others are france, germany and sweden, all of them with massive immigration problem and identity crisis
The long vowel endings
So i hope Slovakia is next, right?
What's hidden behind "lobby" is often buying your people and forcing certain agendas against the good of the public.
Is  not popular in Russia
Underneath, the Roman – Emperor deploy his camps
I love nice friendly people who don’t have problems with foreigners
Since our dishes are similar to yours
Probably police just didnt know who she is etc
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
Pravdupovediac ani nie, ale myslím si, že to každé dieťa pozná z televízie a občas sa môže stať, že to použijú namiesto tej verzie, ktorú som písal vyššie
Finally there will be an actual universal charger for EVERYTHING
If you think that today we are groijg through largest demographic shift in millenium, you ought to pick up a history book.
For sure there are more reasons for it, but most likely:
In the city of Košice over 400 people built barricades in the city to prevent tanks moving through
We have some:
Result is that he just copied text from 5 books at least, with no sources, presented it as his work
Finally, yesterday was already way too late
I was thinking Vasiľ Biľak, but sure.
Hungary and Poland think US is just ... makes you wonder how fucked up their government must be
Back then, as a teen, I did not really have any issues and coped with it perfectly, same went for the long summer days
One of Bulgaria's biggest problems has been the fact that Sofia has been concentrating all the economic power, jobs, and population for 3 decades now.
This caused Slovak people to unite and the word Slovak identity started to be used more often even by the common folks as something what unites them against so called Magyarization (forced assimilation and conversion to Hungarian identity which massively failed)
What non-american would ever purchase american cars?
We are stealing cheaper labor force from Serbia, Romania and others.
Nice whataboutism
SMER is quite left-wing and they've had a firm grasp of political side of things for the longest time.
If he doesn't believe it, show him some proof #Publicagent
Having these mega-factories in Slovakia makes our economy most vulnerable in the EU.
This would make a badass rocket league arena
perhaps most of those were ignorant racists, but I know many people who do not feel racist but would not want their children to marry people of other culture/religion/race for the sake of at least some kind of preservation (continental/ethnolinguistic/national/subnational)
It was one of the most beautiful cities I have ever seen.
They also tend to start fights and encountering a foreigner with the same attitude won't and don't end up well
There were spontaneous gatherings in other cities
Well yes, insurance does not cover much from private dentists, so most of the people just meh´s it
you are the small one until you grow into young one
For starters, a poll is only a poll.
Errr
But go further Europe and go Northern America and be amazed when it shifts from Czechoslovakia to actual towns
I was in Turku, and there was this greek girl (from Tessaloniki I think) who spent the whole time bitching about how cold it was
Gorazd prayer, despite being a millenia old, it is somewhat understandable
Sign us in
This doesn’t look like Italy at all
Some find later commie years (normalizácia) to be a great period to live in
Basically, they serve their sentence and also get restricted access to Europe
Well, let some glimmer of hope live.
If you took care of it, that car could put the newer one's to shame
We also have a villages called **Horný Bar**, *Don'tBeScared* (Nebojsa) or *Naked Man* (Naháč)
'Sedláci' or 'sedlač'.
Veverička (as you've probably noticed) has similar form in many other languages and that's because it's derived from proto-indo european reduplication of root 'wer', meaning 'to turn'
Alternatively, getting shanked on my way from work, since crime was high as fuck back then
Out of the beaten track things to do between Munich, Austria, Slovenia, Hungary, Slovakia and Czech (with car)
No, I just have a more objective view of time
I guess Svätopluk I of Great Moravia.
"d" in the word "zmrd" is pronounced as "t"
Just for the record, removing ethnic minority doesn't necessarily imply this would be accomplished with gas chambers.
How is this related
I would say Slovenia reached that level and wage wise Czech republic, Poland...
How about you take Slovakia instead of Czechia and connect Vienna and Bratislava to make a megapolis central to the country
Yes and Slovakia and Czech Republic, too
Instead using maps from Waze or Google, they developed their own which works fuck all, millions are spent, doesnt work without GPS and crashes every five seconds with 1mil eur per year for maintanance.
Hungarians i work with literally are just like 'whatever'.... crazy
I see you're a man of culture as well
Even if gas prices are high, we tend to drive a lot.
Prosím(Please) - is the most common
It’s just two sides of the same coin while with the rest of the world it would be two entirely different coins
In college I knew a couple of guys who used to start the night with quad shots and know a bar that only serves doubles after midnight and has discount on triple shots
I've got vocational high school in electrical appliances and basic informatics and I study linguistics on a good school now.
What should EU do, pay the bill ?
And do you have link
Bulgarian, while still hard because of Cyrillic, it is easier and more phonetic and easier to remember for some reason than Russian
*equivocation*
Slovakia so nuclear
By this merit, many times were shitty times
Shitty weather
No, because you forget a fine distinction - Germany lost the war.
In France
However wages were numerically similar (or sometimes even higher in Czechia), which meant Czechs were richer
AFAIK the stance on privacy in Slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location, then it is not protected by privacy law.
From my experience in uk or france, I thought that Muslim women are actually treated nicer
The roma villages
Czeck out the pre 1993 czech flag.
I have it by my side(buttocks)
Czechoslovak troops in Siberia seized a military vessel on the lake Baikal and used it to sink another military vessel
Because why not
Meh, I suppose it's just that Mongolia is so far away there is absolutely no chance they'd understand a single word of their instructions
2 are dead, 7 are heavily injured, stop reading garbage
2010 probably
I wouldn't consider 27 years a long time
Not as common as McDonalds
There is quite a high rate of qualified slovaks each year who decide to move out because they hate the system
čtyřikrát pivo prosím
Wow not only we share similar name and flag but also living conditions, I might move to Slovenia for that sea access I miss a lot in Slovakia
Biggest city, relative close to Wien
Too bad that Slavic corridor was rejected after a collapse of this tragicomic "empire".
Lot of things pisses me off, but seriously, that guy is a twat."
I have nothing about using it with someone from Slovakia that you KNOW is Hungarian, but saying it in Slovakia to random people expecting them to understand Hungarian would be very rude, even in the south as again, being from here does not mean you are Hungarian or know it.
Lol nope, EU should not lower it foot standards for anybody
The southern part and the old town fit perfectly, even the bridges (there are more now)
1935 would be about 60H-40S
Parachute by Štefan Banič. He immigrated to USA but he was born in Slovakia (Austria-Hungary in that time)
Your nepher is a secret agent?
Fine in Slovakia too
As did everybody
Rarely it happens that party holds 3rd government.
You gotta screen for those poisoned skittles if you want to import the ME in to your backyard.
Well this whole thread was about sci-fi you had unlimited power so i tried to say i was now elected and trying to do something now in real world with limited power.
me too lol
Is your sole life goal to have children?
The only capital in EU wo metro (if Im nit mistaken)
Not a country but, instead of **Venice**/**Venezia**, we say ***Benátky***. I'm from Slovakia and the same goes with Czech language
Slovakia has similar problem with right wing shattering after fall of government in 2012 and Smer-led government being corrupted and highly divisive which resulted in many people going as far as starting to vote for neo-fascist party which would be unthinkable just few years ago.
Both accessible for tourists with a guide
UK's EU membership was already uncertain
>It is the largest corruption case in Spain
I am no Kenyan so can't patronise it but i lived there and love tge country so much i think the managed to capture the contrast and the classes of Kenya in a fairly good way
Yup
And to the examples, like that - alphabet- it looks reasonable, what it looks like in text
Wow, Moscovites really like Anna Karenina
But I have been in a lot ac battles when living with male roommates
In Slovakia, we hear the stories over and over, because our PM needs to spread fear and act like he is protecting us, so he can ignore allegations of rampant corruption.
And thirdly
I usually wear Adidas sneakers and backpacks, got Nike jacket and rest of the stuff are just the brands you never heard of, coz they are cheap
You can find tons of these "correlations" of random things that have nothing to do with eatch other
If you require to drive 120km per day, 5 times a week on a highway, whats more cost efficient?
During the referendum they blamed everything on immigrants and EU.
And if I make just myself wet, then that lasts maybe 5 minutes
² šišky -> these are made from sourdough
Prestitutes always write what their owner need them to write, in this case American owner would like to see the EU in ruins, so far it looks like the only union that is going into ruins is the UK itself.
Biden won by an incredibly thin margin and that just goes to show how many fans Trump and the Republicans have in the US
I used to box (like the sport) and still dont understand that the same way that all the boxers from the gym just didnt get it
Corruption is a problem in many EU countries, incl.
), but for some reason, West Slavs (at least those are the ones I know about) just replaced it with "place" and called it a day
The truth is obviously kept secret by the NWO folks so they can enslave the Slavic people
Shame about that war they started
Haha I just came from Denmark after staying there for 2 months
On the other hand, every fucking March 31st I pay enormous taxes to this corrupt state.
But I get it that branding dissenters mentally ill is a time-verified Soviet staple
ty for the link, it's good that the autonomy was respected for such a long time
Isn't this kind of rude anywhere
Doesn't matter, some Slavic country.
With trio Basterkali-Captain-The highway Bela we are nowhere near that.
And the matatu wars are kinda true
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
I'm giving Slovak hospitality
PPPeter
Orban is not happy, but luckily the mayor of Budapest is tolerant person
“haha you speak funny in Nitra, you use ‘pri’ where you shouldn’t, don’t you
Anyway I would cheer for you too
Checking on Wikipedia, some variation of Holland is the official name for the (Kingdom of the) Netherlands in Slovakian, Turkish, Arabic, Japanese, Chinese and Vietnamese.
Slavic languages: Kurva (bitch)
We used to have different month names (as a part of Štúr's codification) just like probably every single Slavic language and I find Czech month names really nice.
Don't expect the people there to understand Slovak
also, Hungary
I have seen this map before with north african and middle eastern ethnicities too.
Great beer
Try walking around with that, barely fits into wallet.
For minorities like Hungarians, a lot watch Hungarian TV and read Hungarian media instead of Slovak, which creates this sort of feeling of detachment for some
I mean that is problem of the laws and anybody would do that
In Košice is getting own city coat of arms in 1369
I would even say that it’s the best from OP’s examples imo
But La Marseillaise isn't about the city Marseille
Well, few people do speak english but in my experience even if you cant talk the same lango, you always can get around if you try.
I think its Luxembourg of central europe, because there are small population but there is a thousands more people who go for work there
Even the very existence of EU is a direct result of WWII.
Half of Poles and Romanians and probably huge majority of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians are believing that too.
We have way to describe both, for to me unknown reasons, in SK language you can count from first or first floor up:
Is roman empire that important part of history
Only old dilapidated buildings don't have these
Also people are funny here
I miss cafe bars a lot
My aim is to have a society, where even parents with up to 2-3 children can be in a similar position like you.
Is it biggest in Sweden's history
you are right we should expand it, Hungary it is
-edit- Apparently, her convoy just got stopped by the police.
However, one thing I like about Slovak and Czech is the marking of long and short vowels e.g. a and á. It's better than in Finish even because you can do things like praária which in Finish would be praaaria but the problem that arises is that you don't know which two are long the first two or the last two A's ? Does praaaria sound like práaria or praária
And when someone who lives there makes a great film
If you make a good living, life here is FABULOUS
> Just imagine an incredible number of 180 castles and 425 chateaux in a country with the entire population far smaller than the city of New York
Why don't we have something similar here
> samos empire would be above germany and russia, wery proud about that
I admit
I've been hearing only good things about  Jacinda Ardern (NZ PM), can some kiwis confirm, or is she a lizard in disguise
While I moved abroad 12 years ago, I am very engaged in Slovak politics
I like my booze
And that taught me to appreciate the fuckuppery that are arab countries because EVERY SINGLE TIME, on every single mail I write in english, I get a response in french where they change my name so its francophone.
I can confirm that if someone knows Bratislava, that's pretty good, but if someone unpacks something like Košice, Bardejov, Poprad or other more famous city, that's the performance of the year
One of my closest friends is from Lučenec and he considers it the worst place in the world
It wants no expansion amd neither it could do some if it wanted because Greece is much stronger.
Wtf I’m not slow
How I envy you
Wow, that’s cheap AF
Strip is just full of people and lots of gambling
I remember overhearing someone talking on the phone how they were taking the plane from Bratislava to Košice a couple of years ago.
Or if that the US news are maybe 2-3 minutes (riots, disasters, Trump making idiot of himself and so on)
One would have to have bar set really low to be impressed.
But oh no the UK has a few meaningless opt outs, we are one of the only few nations that matter in the EU in terms of economy, military and population yet compared to France and Germany our benefits are miniscule.
It's totally cassual, people nowdays seem to completly disregard borders, like they don't even exist
We got the same crap over here during protests after the journalist and his fiancee were killed
Some sources indicates that even prior this the people in Principality of Nitra considered themselves to be ethnically different from those in Principality of Moravia
Also, hello from Nyitra
the unifying hallmark are bullet holes
First of all, Old Town is really beautiful and the best Bratislava can offer
I feel like you're excluding a certain part of your history and ultimately Germany itself
Its my favourite place to go in Europe
Czechs were independent for far longer
Are you seriously arguing about American atrocities as a counter agument to communism with someone from Serbia
Ever closer model is only logical result of breaking the borders.
[Make Slovakia Russian Satellite Again]
But also he can just be a nazi, point is that photos are not really good evidence for this kind of thing without context
It's literally just baby jesus, or rather, his form is not specified to kids
Anyway, my top pick is North Macedonia
I don't actually know why they adapted it
Sorry, I only picked it from metro announcements
2 million Latvians can't agree how to divide the budget - and we generally share a language, cultural norms.
Czech and Slovak are so similar we understand each other
Yea, sorry
Compared to many other countries I've been to, we seem to be mostly unwelcoming, albeit not all of course
One of the most developed ex-socialist countries that are on the way to overtake much of Southern Europe economically given enough time.
Fun fact: when journalists write about something that is not at all important, we call it "cucumber season". It means that there is nothing going on, so they have to write about cucumbers
A batch of troops were late and everyone tought that they would come mid battle, but they didn't the Ottomans demolished us and then the king drowned while fleeing, thus throw Hungary into a three way Civil War (Hungary, Habsburgs, Ottomans) that lasted 163 years and then Hungary became a part of the Habsburg empire, wich led to their union in the late 19th century, wich led to them defending the Habsburgs in ww1
” (Yes
The other problem is, this state, famous, rich and all surprised me by having such a huge contrast between classes
You should write letter to department of defence to request conscription exception in case it will be re-established (there is a law for both - exception and reestablishment).
[For those unfamiliar] \- still right behind my apartment block ;)
They are strongly against gypsies (gypsies are actually scared of them) and since gypsies are huge problem in our country white people are with the extremists
As an example, Hungary and Slovakia are relatively close when it comes to standard and costs of living but compared to Denmark they're both pretty poor.
No, to put radical muslims under surveilance.
For a short statement to support of the protesters
Especially the last two presidents, it we had different ones, we would be most likely on the same route Poland and Hungary are at the very moment
In Slovakia the traditional shots were 5cl but recently most bars switched to 4cl
I gotta agree
The most UFO bridge in Europe (and the world) - Bratislava, Slovakia
EU has already many problems and higher number of member states is clearly not positive factor
Hm, we'd get richer if we joined Austria probably on the other hand joining Slovakia would be much easier, practically no language barrier, same culture etc.
The poem reflects the Slovak fight for freedom, that at the time (1864) still seemed futile
Dunno but Im preety sure we were portrayed as opressed minority in the books
It was fantastic
It seems quite popular on the Polish internet
If you can hide it, there will be no one to judge you even if it will be capital crime.
This was however limited to Bratislava itself since the people in charge wanted to make it a capital (before that, Pressburg was about 40% German speaking, 30% Hungarian speaking and the rest Czech/Slovak)
Anyway, good for Amsterdam, It’s a lovely city
No its not
The presso thing is funny to us, you expect the same quantity of coffee like you'd get tea, tf am I supposed to do with 1,5 gulps
for example: "jebať" means fuck you can do "ojebať" which can mean fuck with or scam etc
They were really beautiful, thoroughly enjoyed my stay there with all the hikes in the mountains and valleys.
He's always trying to make stupid rules in parliament, to make it harder for opposition, he loves Russia  and usually talks against official Slovak position
For some reason we learn very little about the Spanish Civil War and the subsequent Franco regime in our high schools
I am getting mine 14th of the next month
Central Slovaks understand them better, probably, but for people on the other side of the country
"mexická/španielská telenovela" - mexican/spanish soap opera (too much drama for no reason)
My parents / grandparents and uncle used to call me "malý" which basically means smol
Yeah
The main focus for you should be to regulate prices first tho since even prices for medicine or equipment are several times higher than those in Europe
The current government notoriously known for shady overpaid contracts to friendly companies is losing a grip, however reformists can't get over 35% and even they are regressing and shattering from the inside.
And I ask for tap water all the time here and its not actually that bright, as they make it out to be
Nitra- hockey-obssessed drunkards, farmers, poor Gypsies, metalheads & rockers
Everoyne who was in Scandinavia and in Russia can compare and there is much bigger gap than 50% difference - when comparing 70% + vs less than 50% proficiency based on this results.
One important factor is also that all manufacturers are doing it.
I don't actually know why they adapted it
Poland (I live here), Germany (several visits), Netherlands (a couple of visits), Denmark (a couple of visits), Belgium (a couple of visits), France (one short visit), UK (a couple of visits), Ireland (once), Norway (several visits), Sweden (several visits), Finland (once), Estonia (once), Latvia (once), Lithuania (once), Czech Republic (several visits), Slovakia (several visits), Slovenia (a couple of visits), Austria (once), Italy (once), Spain (once), Bulgaria (one short visit).
Meh.There is so much to explain here.It is really nice to see foreigners talk about us like that,and rightfully so last year,but atm it is a lot worse.I don't know what the situation was in Slovakia,but think about some factors.1/3 of pensions are being paid from loans.Guess what is coming so that the party gets pensioners to vote for them..bigger pensions.We are in a demographic crisis,with tons of people heading west every year.the EC predicts that our budget deficit will be 3.6% this year....and 3.9 the next.All while our gov uses skewed data to promote their stupid spending plan.They cut a shitload of taxes,and started spending lots more.And guess what?Reality is starting to hit.In january,government income was around 6% lower than last year..and spending increased but i forgot about the exact number.We are heading full speed to an economic crisis.Nevermind that there is an investigation going on,seems like the de facto leader of the country got rich selling shit which he shouldnt have owned,hiding his assets in Brazil.There is so much more i could talk about ,but i think you got the point.All while people like my grandpa think i am being manipulated by Soros.I went protesting almost every day when it all started,but i have no choice but to leave for Germany after i graduate highschool.Sad,but then again...no other choice.
I’m proud of my country and I won’t denounce my heritage
Napadlo mi - means came to my mind
All the privacy of a booth while still pissing outside
This is one of the games I as a Slovak person don’t want to play, but okay
well it doesnt matter if one is psychically damaged, he is either man or woman, he has either dick, or vagina.
We Slovaks have the same tradition :D! But because of the current situation, we cannot go anywhere :/
And saying "capitalism can exist" doesnt mean i am a proponent of such idea
Why so many turn to twats once they leave their country is something I find hard to understand.
Probably the forming [new Bratislava downtown] Probably contrary to what most people from the west picture (if they picture anything at all), Bratislava is becoming a very modern city, with plenty of new high-rise buildings and well developed infrastructure
Everytime a tourist has an accident anywhere in Slovakia, people joke that it must have been a Czech.
Even ISIS wont be able to stomach his bullshit.
This would make a badass rocket league arena
Are there other nations that you consider to be simply a special kind of germans?
I also assumed north or Italy
Better prohibit all those pesky irish entering your airports.
Zavináč - rolled pickled herring(it also means the same as well here)
Czechs for
Its symbol of ending winter and new life
TIL Slovakians are control freaks ^/jk
Supplement that with English and you can get by in most places.
If ya want some boring generic name Slovenský Kraj literally means Slovak Region, luckily that's the only one I can think about
I’m from southwestern Slovakia and our culture and geography is much closer to neighboring regions in Hungary and Czechia than to northeastern Slovakia
If Scotland would have to rely on english MPs to get referendum, it wouldnt see one in million years tho.
I see this as a positive thing tho
As most of the time anyway
We also particularly learn about the other countries that somehow contributed to the most significant historical events -France, England, Germany come to my mind.
Yeah what can you do
Sounds like a paradise on Earth, if you ask me :P
(2) The Slovak Republic acknowledges and adheres to general rules of international law, international treaties by which it is bound, and its other international obligations
the first message in the WebSocket is the password°, with which you are encrypting the rest ..
interestingly
Austria - Rakúsko
Religion and power of these medieval cleegy plays a large role in making those differences.
That's why people work out, take care of themselves, so they can pick from the best, highten their chances
It's a small city in a small country.
Slovak during medieval age developed rather slowly , as it was overshadowed by latin and hungarian
Hint: It will only hurt if you don't press.
5mil people) and even here there are huge differences between people from the capital, from the South, from the Northwest and East
Lots of high rises too in the new extended city centre near Eurovea, most of it will be completed in 1-2 years, but I expect it to continue for next 4-5 years
Man, its sad seeing someone from your country being this stupid.
Robbed in a face-to-face confrontation by 2 gypsies
I guess we better prepare for all "Oh, we didn't know!" horseshit from Ikea (not really sure why they're singled out when they also say "And other companies." lol), BRING etc.
Italian
not sure)
Also, many czechs settle in Bratislava, which is wealthy and inovative region.
I just wanted to make sure it is not the same thats all.
Could get by with everyday things just barely on 2 of them (German and Italian) and the third is English.
Or better, to moon Europa
its definitely a minority, but those people do exist.
As a perspective vassals of China, we might
That's, and I hate to use that word, pretty cringe
gas STOP
People usually say that Slovak sounds like Russian
I would love to use trains to travel around Europe, but most of them are unreliable and you can have huge delay
People bitched before, people will bitch in the future.
The other problem is, this state, famous, rich and all surprised me by having such a huge contrast between classes
Stray dogs - only in Roma slums, it's quite problematic
I fell in love with Tenerife when I was there for two weeks because the people were very nice and carefree and apparently the weather is nice most of the year (I prefer temps 15-25)
They'd been blatantly shitting on them for quite some time.
One that comes to my mind is if you say something and don't want to jinx it, you should knock on something wooden and say "I have to knock".
Fairly accurate, just replace the british flag with american
In the afternoon again he opens the window and says "good afternoon Sun", he says
Also:
In Slovakia I sometimes even don't know where one country ends and other starts
The Samo guy
If you're talking about the gray ones, it's Australia and Slovakia.
and also, it's open for a long time.
The main reason is people seeking a better life, an economic advantage.
This is non-issue
Then there is this "Brussels' dictate" thing, but I'm not sure it's "government don't want you to know" thing since some parties even within our government really like to use this one
( whip time or something like that)
Everyone from Bratislava goes shopping to Parndorf or Neusiedler am See every week or two.
They used to be extremely popular, together with Skoda 120
Which other cities in Slovakia would you have chosen over Bratislava, in hindsight?
Roars the Danube, and moon after moon leave,
That us and Slovakia are very similair countries.
Plus popilist of highest degree.
We're "barely European".
Fuck, that's hot
I think it is fair to see the UK as less European than say, Belgium or Slovakia.
Mamy reasons but past few months showed how much its small circle of leadership in ivory tower detests its own voters and party members by installing Laschet to top, despite his opponents in both party and Union races being much more popular
My boyfriend is from Málaga and I’ve seen things like cutting the lettuce or other vegetables with scissors
=1 r/unexpectedfactorial lol
gate (pants)
I always thought it's also because held down, the water in the flower is kept in the head and the lower part dries up first then
So Slovakia is Middle East
And a bit with Korea, but I feel like thats a German territory there, before they got the east Germany back
What
If they could, they would suck Szalasi dick
For example, normally i visit Wien christmas markets and so on, this year, i went to Prague and i loved it.
German
If it was yellow smart you got 3 punches
Also a bit more innocent one for people who think Slovak and Czech are almost identical
Like my grandma, she watches Hungarian news/TV and reads papers in it
Last month in Slovakia the incompetent opposition won by quite a margin
Few months ago, a journalist and his bride were murdered
Some countries make no commemorative coins most of the time (typically Ireland, Cyprus, Netherlands, Austria), some make one a year (Slovakia, Spain), some make two (most of the rest)
This nicely reinforces my theory that the japanese language doesn't exist, it's just english spoken with a funny accent.
Kind of a bad taste to merge Slovakia with Hungary
That was Signal festival
People would go nuts if they just cut them off from pirate media
Ok guys next time simply write it's a Bratislava
stakka bo
In his memoirs written by Karel Čapek he specifically says his father was slovak and spoke slovak, although he wasn't prominent figure in his life
But I hear it means sth like to blow air up there and here it's, well, straight from English
Generally just European foods tho but it's possible to find some exotic ones offered as well
I don't know if we have something similar with any Slovak writer, maybe Andrej Sládkovič, author of the longest love poem in the world, and his museum and the unique Love Bank in Banská Štiavnica
Better let that train crash into me than drive and away
And please note, that this app covers only Slovakia so any Slovak traveling abroad will use Google, Waze, Here or whatever free app is available.
I don't know
I would not be able to tell the difference if someone put Porshe, Ferrari and Maseratti jn front of me
Hungarians just won't let go of the past no matter what
- the prices differ when you buy a ticket online and at a station
Like I said, I considered it obvious but I suspected that it may not be obvious to you that Ireland IS indeed part of EU and therefor interests of EU are also interests of Ireland.
would stop working
What could(in theory...) make the Czechs anti-EU?
The best one is "drž už piču Erik
* bite (you **fight** \[plural\])
"Krásny život" in slovak means "beautiful life"
There is x videos uploaded every second
I worded it wrong
One Czech journalist tried what would happen with water in -15 degrees C.
stakka bo
Are there any movies that portray anything well
Policies that would benefit STEM&service based economies would be ineffective or bad for the more basic economies of poor countries, and vice versa.
Some countries that have got into the EU have become offshore providers.
they weren´t hungarian
Actually, doable but rather expensive as a package tour.
It has nothing to do with Poland and Hungary, or their current governments
Ireland, as a signatory state of these international agreements, is bound to adhere to them and in an event of a conflict between an international law with the national law, the international law gets priority.
People working in fields to have food and those "intellectuals" are going to write poems
But still, it was far from a Disney-like experience.
Well I don't like it
Brexit and Trump were given a solid chances in polls, in case of former even when Remain side winning it was always within margin of error and online polling was showing consistently higher ratings for Leave than telephone polling (due to increase anonymity - ie shy torry voter effect) with Trump chances being about 40 something percent in days prior to elex (I am ignoring those Huff post stupid predictions) and his percentage of gotten votes was well within margin of error of nation-wide polling.
I have a typo there, \*we were together
>varied architecture
Slovak - Russian
Yep, I think you got some southern fort towns, definitely Nové Zámky (Uyvar) which is close to where I live.
*sigh*
Capital city has probably the best international options for obvious reasons
Ľudovít Štúr
Oh no, he got UK too
Not really that much that can be done about it other than film it, ID the holders and later send him fine (you cant go to a jail for a picture),
simply beautiful
Could be helpful during this coronacrisis if there is going to be yogurt shortage
I guess we do not really have a meme region
I'll take this too, as another American Slovak
Shall I say that we are at same wagon then
How is popular teleshopping in your country
If she could she would marry that car - maybe also helps she is a great driver.
Nové mesto nad Váhom
Probably Komárno, but I'm not sure
But whatever, I think people don’t care much about the history
Britain is full of obese landwhales.
Anyone breaching border by force should be automatically rejected from asylum procedure.
Obviously i personally see this also as downside that people can move out and our country is loosing young generation....
Haha, no one outside ever makes a nice accurate film about Slovakia
Was interested also in british when brexit was a hot topic but recently i do not care anymore
Can we have a names
It's my favourite too now
Slovakia=Eastern Europe=racist=Donald Trump
It's quite confusing lol
I think he is globally known (på en måte) - but not many people know him here where I live
Why are all leftist so aggressive and rude?
You have just one Slovak politician and that's all you talk about
Scripted movies favor stereotypes to reinforce their narrative, this especially applies for portraying foreign countries
And even during communism Czechoslovakia could have achieved much with their "Socialism with human face" if not for the Warsaw pact and USSR ofc
But today they are the nation which is handling this pandemic the best
> Also, the job market, are there any significant differences that you found strange
and has a melody
> You cannot rly compare history with czech to that with hungarians
Lets see how Polish and Slovak looks when we take a look at some proper, scientific, not at all made up, translations
I got my haircut yesterday
Unless we fill it with under 30 year olds
Please DO NOT mix those two together
Another way to go there would be to call Slovenia Slovakia and vice versa
But it’s a slow and hard fight, because often the billboards and advertisement places are privately owned
She left me sleep on balcony in cold
Like, seriously, the times I've seen British tourists acting worse than Chinese tourists is incredible
I don't see a shadow of anyone in front of them, but then again, Romania is famous for vampires
Slovak Lines will have a different card from Arriva and so on
It is believed to be interwoven with caves under whole complex
We live in peaceful times BECAUSE our ancestors fought for European values and defeated religious fanaticism, nazism and communism.
If by fluently you mean not making any mistakes then I cant speak any language fluently
For Czechia it absolutely has to be Divá Bára
A year later, my girlfriend of then 4 years (with which I used to live at the college dorm), moved in with us and we're currently in the planning phase of our new house - got the land all paid for, project documentation done and currently working to get mortgage
I would say highwaymen, at least in Slovak folklore
In the movie Dragonheart (a campy fantasy fairytale with Connery) there is a troupe of foreign dragon hunters
They live mostly in Central/Eastern Europe, there's a lot of them in Slovakia for example.
Also, the best range of an EV is around 400 kilometers per charge, which is a lot.
She wants to basically isolate the country, you know what that does?
To have master is injustice, to be one even bigger is
EU itself warned member states on that matter
1st of all we need to define european here.
And lets not forget - he has really, really stupid hair.
The second interesting thing I observe is the resemblance of the country's president [Igor Dodon] with the Looney Tunes character Elmer Fudd
Thinking particularly of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia.
I find your lack of Prague disturbing
Or George
I'm not familiar with what those Labout Party politicians said about Black Pete and it may have offended someone, but was it on the same level as calling for fewer Moroccans?
Thank You, I find Italy strangely underrepresented in the comments
xD (no offense please)
Aki bújt aki nem megyek, at least for hide and seek
you also mentioned germany before.
Some countries had more immigrants and their descendants than others.
Oh so there is no other choice just to become Russian or EU satellite ?
hell yeah
I envy you the lack of i/y problem in Serbian
Isn't Slovakia above Poland in these terms too?
Is it [this guy] who is impaling mamutti
In visual arts, we have a big Andy Warhol Museum of Modern Art in Medzilaborce, near the hometown of his parents
Even a suicidal jihadist would think twice about entering your rat shit country.
These lands, those proud mountain walls,
The  h o r n y  on this thread is so fucking sad
But maybe because there is other hiking spots
Or what is going on
We live happily ever after, as the whole Soviet sphere of influence did under Stalin
I don't know why others upvoted this, I did so because, even though it's crude and not very funny, I know that Mr.
Every other nation has a normal common name.
What i am interested in however is, what are going to do all the people who built up their careers on hating trump
Similarly, after an election, do you call for a new one right away when the new government has not even taken power?
Agreed
for the school reform, Matthias Corvinus for getting rid of the bandits in Slovakia and so on)
Czech republic is poor, Poland is poor, Slovakia is poor and Hungary is also poor.
Wow, where to begin
Most castles per capita ️
C'mon man, everybody knows Brno is not a real thing
if kids know better or only slovak
Skáče jak Srb - jumping like Serb , meaning someone is aggressive
Ľudovít Štúr
All i said was - it is realistic, possible
For example in Czechoslovakia, we were building weapons like no tomorrow and it was the same in all of eastern block, with a conservative estimate of over 20% of GDP spent on military in the 1980s in USSR.
That government used 14.5 million euro for something that already exists and is free to use.
Except that SNP has been crystal clear that they want Scotland in EU.
There's a scene after his first presidential victory where inside Czech Public TV (non-smoking building) asks the general director directly where is the "ashtray", so he has to find some and the president just lights up a cigarette
Hm, seems that sod is finished.
If minorities, hungarian than gypsy, if foreign, then most likely german
I bet the trafic is colabsed right now
as UnbiasedPashtun said above Hungarians.
Thats why small island countries usually had good covid numbers
most of africa - bad
Some people are, luckily not most of them
I thought of mountain fresh air too
Glad you knowing
If Horalky (wafers with peanut spread filling) are better than Tatranky (hazelnut spread)
That we are Slovenia
I didn't realize it was that close for me, haha.
So for Slovak it is:
I mean it's not like we got tanks or anything, they're just giving us free money for no reason.
...not even they will understand...
I lived in Romania, Poland and Slovakia for several years so I had lots of time to get to know this part of the world.
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
I always thought the way we say it, Turín, is a complete Slovakization, as it sounds like it could just be the name of a small village in the mountains of Central Slovakia, maybe in Turiec
Even if someone knows their names, there is still problem how good do you know them, their policy and opinions and so on.
* sob (reindeer)
oh no, not again
Nope
So you don t have clear 2nd language after English.
You can look it up anytime if you want
Teenagers can be sentenced to 10 years in prison for scratching the gate.
Regarding Russia, the colours of blue, white and red are inspired by Pan-Slavism.
I think it's safest to not call either of the sports just 'football' when an American and a European talk to each other, to make sure no confusion happens.
>Capitals work better when they are in the center of the country, making everything more connected
I think this partisanship is straight up stupid
Let just give here spoiler alert - our governments will always veto it, or they can forget about re-election.
If you picked a Slovak a put him somewhere in Slovenia, if people were not taking, he wouldn't know he is in a different country
Comparing 2017 with 1913 is useless.
But all the fame and splendour comes to your translation of Terry Pratchett books
* I - ďakujem
EMA and EBA could then go to Slovakia and Bulgaria, the two of which don't have agencies as of yet either.
Most recently there's [Kosmo] There's no English translation as far as I know, but I plan to begin working on one soon.
Probably police just didnt know who she is etc
Same as if reddit removed your comments
Ao much that some of us get really sad when the winter is over
That we are Czechoslovakia
I think we already lost to much of our competences to EU institutions
Honestly
Its definitely small
You had to find it yourself, it was free ofc and you barely learned anything
German and Dutch citizens get less interests on their savings.
Wonder what the contestants think while they grab the other one's ass or
90% of the time when I say that I'm from Slovakia the immediate response is "ah, czechoslovakia
In 2019 populist parties across coalition and opposition pushed pension age (64) there so it can’t be easily changed even though they all admitted it may mean problems for our social systems as soon as 10 years in the future)
We got sea
And basic human rights too
Soviet  socialism was all about giving people what they needed
But me and my friends like the topic of WW2 so we read about it
I'm saving the coordinates, whoever lives there during zombie apocalypse, I'm sorry but I'm taking over
I contrary think quite the opposite with camera, i think the newest iphones have the best camera on the market at least for my, but as you mentioned the iOS is the problem for me personally, it is the same with macos, you just have to do things one certain very unnatural way
That more people attended protests against the US police system than protests against Islamic terrorism in their own fucking country
our country is slowly upgrading speed of our trains as threy are popular amongst sudents as they get them for free
It's become significantly more independent from the local government over the past few years, has very balanced and fair news
Basically mix of Hitler, Mussolini and Tiso
The card terminal on the ticket machine often doesn't work (or plain isn't there) and the only currency exhanges nearby are run by Russians, who'll give you a paper to sign with incredibly unfair (and possibly illegal) conditions - such as paying over 5 euro just for the privilege of exchanging
also, Hungary
I was going to say Orban has emboldened people.
Czechia is still 3rd richest in CE/EE after Slovenia, Estonia.
this can't be accurate
You can call czech republic however you want in portuguese
Love my "Czechoslovak" nation
Also so true about being talkative
We are fighting medieval religion of islam that is antithesis of all European values that made Europe prosperous and peaceful continent.
British banks laundered money for another country!
Czechs had much better (but still not good tho) place in monarchy than e.g. Slovaks
"Ján" = "Janko"
It's blindly nationalistic for the sake of saying "fuck you" to your neighbors.
Oh okay
Most Czechs are okay with it and this loud minority is constantly complaining about something anyway (non-existent islamisation of Czechia, chemtrails etc.).
All we need to do is make sure people running states are good, honest, uncorruptable people
You say that, but there is little proof beyond that.
Throw in Bohemia+Moravia and it's a deal.
Here it was weddings and holidays in croatia
Ok she was from Belgium, but I thought maybe Netherlands can be similar
One Indian chef that moved to Slovakia speaks very good Slovak though and I would not know he is not Slovak because he makes no mistakes and his accent is pretty decent
If tourists, we don't really have a stereotype about them.
For Austria
But yeah, a prety sizeable part takes religion seriously here
that a lot of Soviet style volokita is still in place, and that it is a bugger of a place to try and do business.
It's not so much the above poster is *wrong* in his information as it is in his intent.
Slovakia
Great leap forward, it looks like after a 2 years long awkward effort to persuade us that these people are refugees they finally started to call them almost right name (immigrants), just wondering how long it will take them to finally break down to call them economic migrants.
If you buy 5 cars and 4 of them are parked all year long in garage no problem, you bought them so good for economy, gdp is growing...
"Visa-free access shall be granted to all UA citizens with exception of marshrutka drivers who listen to shit music."
Honest question, why do you say northern Croatia and Slovenia are not a part of Balkan?
That does not look safe
Does Russia have any kind of noticeable support in Slovakia these days?
Uhorský rok refers to letting land lie fallow as a part of a 3 year cycle, or "nechať ležať úhorom" in Slovak.
” is “príď k obchodu”, but in ‘nitránčina’ it is “príď pri obchod” - and that little change between ‘k’ and ‘pri’ IS ALWAYS pointed out
Best of luck to you guys there
> rational langage
Why is Serbia constantly attacking other sovereign countries around and then blame others for its own failures ?
Yes there is very high probability that Merkel would win such vote just thanks to german voters/ignoring other voters.
And it looks like you will go into "first tier" Europe if the multi speed plan goes through, since you have adopted the Euro.
I think the outlook on Slovenia is definitely the most positive from all of the "Balkans", and it's among Czechs, poles, Austrians
Either Zahorie (mix of czech and slovak culture) or anything under Bratislava (mix of slovak and hungarian)
Thankfully palinka is much more widespread in the south
Our great nation safestest
You can get it in any promo material giveaway
Comparing curse words is really hard
Well, Kotleba has pretty large bone to pick up with free market, ie going against core of right wing politics and as for SNS.
From your perspective, it's not a long time
Than others copied it and over the centuries were doing changes, adding hills for this or that reason and at the end some 5th generation descedant decided tothey give it some mythological BS meaning.
Also it's common to see multi-generational houses especially in villages
From the post-communist countries I personally think that Slovenia will be first to catch up, shortly after countries from the Visegrad group will follow (Poland, Hungary Czech Republic and Slovakia).
Why cant we be like the nordic countries where corruption doesnt even come to mind of people and here its something you should do...
Polish is also kinda understandable if spoken slowly(haha) or written, and maybe Bulgarian, but for example russian is way too different for me, I legit wouldn't catch anything at all unless the person really went out of their way to be clear and slow D;
I personally am surprised by the larger amount of bisexuals compared to homosexuals, it's the opposite usually
They claim having no such list, it is all conspiracy theorist
English has completely different rules for pronunciation
Also bojsko, means a playground in Polish, here it means warzone
- black person is someone from subsharan AFrica or with subsaharan origin - people in Americas being black are descendants of slaves - Haiti for example is like 99% black and so on.
I always thought we three just make fun of each other's bullshit
source that makes the pricing doesnt matter, price itself matters when making the calculation what car you should get considering your milage/total costs
In my region we have this unspoken rule that we call different grandparents a different synonym for grandma and grandpa
It's not easy and politicians give you often the middle finger, but it's our future not theirs.
* I - ďakujem
There is a saying here that "veverička" (squirrel) is called that because when it runs it bounces its bottom: "veje riťka"
It was like living in a different country
We're cheering that there's a bit of sanity in the right place, recognising that democracy is something more than a yes/no vote on something you don't know what it is ("nobody's talking about leaving the single market").
I always thought it's also because held down, the water in the flower is kept in the head and the lower part dries up first then
I mean, I would if I could afford it
As well as Czechoslovakia didn't technically exist
I am reading and watching many newspapers, internet websites and tv channels and sometimes it is laughable.
Just as BoJo has been Remainer but political career came first.
It's pure show
Are you the NATO representative, planning the invasion
And this is exactly what we want to achieve - to help to those who NEED our help.
So you can't use that
We have been waiting to get out of there for centuries
Many actually, especially for food products like Nutella (chocolate/nuts cream), Salko (condensed milk), horalky (typical slovak bisccuit/candy), cif (cleaning for your sink), Jar/pur (this soap for cleaning dishes), granko (chocolate granules), inka(coffe like drink - like nestle caró)
Almost every week , i just get some cheap Lpg and bier from Slovakia
Probably Komárno, but I'm not sure
So I basically only use Slovak to talk to my family and well at college
What a weird way to celebrate my birthday
(Slovakia) I'd make it the rainbow LGBTQ flag - I'm not even gay, I'd just love to mess with the bigots and homophobes that make up a large portion of the population here
[BENÁTKY ]
Someone built 700m long tunnel with a train between Slovakia and Ukraine to smuggle cigarettes.
Yup, part of the reason why I wouldn’t move back
China has a pretty great control over their middle class, check this short documentary series for examples :) [
It strongly depends on how much is UK willing to pay into our common budget resp.
Very abundand underground reservoirs of drinking water at Slovakia
Bratislava has very modern downtown
Also, I don't mind that works are more commonly in English instead of the native language
But in reality it's so Hungarian it can almost run on paprika
it's only major oil and gas producer
Anecdotally in Slovakia jam perogies and meat perogies are popular while in Calgary I've only ever seen potato perogies.
I actually have the same feeling about Slovakia, so overall great that both countries are improving at this
They basically care only about making a profit.
This but not in a city filled with tourists and scammers selling souvenir shits
Also found out zachod which means toilet here its a west in polish
Santa doesn't bring presents here in Slovakia
Also lots of former maffia members, tax dodgers and stuck up people with fancy cars
(laughs awkwardly)
Ukraine is on the same team with western Slavs, with "dyakuyu" (PL: dziemkuyem, CZ: dyekuyi, SK: dyakuyem)
> Way bigger divide between men and women(feeling only really but as a 20 year old guy the entire thing was kind of creepy on more than one occasion
I'm partly ashamed of Bratislava
Slovenia sends their wrongly adresed mail to us each month
Or Hollande's after Paris attacks.
What are they protesting agaist
Got hacked
Plus grandparents are often not an option when it comes to help since because of the current job mobility, many people have to move to a different city to find a job in their field.
I'm not even American, and even if I were, I'd hate that orange moron
China is fully Chinese, nothing bad ever happened there, everyone is atheist
thats what you get after splitting from Czechoslovenia
Not in person, but for all the people wo put ketchup on langos please stop
Are those all neonazis
But almost every family house has a fireplace and uses it few times of the year
my personal stereotype is that Hungarian people put a lot of paprika in all the food and men have huge mustaches.
He's also very much against migration
Having said that, anyone using Y at the end of a verb, which is simply never correct
Literally two guys sitting under a tree plotting.
I was at the station exactly one year ago and it was quite chilling to think about what happened at that place not too long ago
How is bees dying political lmao
Why is this so funny and wholesome
"We have to intensify railway controls at the border with Slovakia.
Are they going to switch to full on propaganda and celebrate the glorious leader or are they going to mock biden now, or are they going to just disappear
Volkswagen is the single biggest employer in Slovakia with nearly 10.000 jobs.
Any post - communist apocalypse town of Eastern Europe has the same vibe.
Is it [this guy]#q=Richard+sul%C3%ADk&*) who is impaling mamutti?
Anyway, some cigarettes still get through
Strike Him, offspring of my blood, him whose hand would steal your freedom
I see this as a positive thing tho
That model is inaccurate as the guard towers on the walls were intentionally left open from the inside of the castle, so if they got captured during a seize, enemy soldiers wouldn't be able to attack defenders from them.
Well tap water is free so they caught you on that
Some of the agrarian societies from back then are one of the most developed now and some of the most developed from back then are now far behind the west.
>When it comes to German, you're way off
On intercity buses, between for example Bratislava and another city, the only way you can get on is by the front door and you have to buy a ticket off the driver as well
Why we can't have such nice roads where I live
I think they were supposed to be in some Polish wilderness or Black forest or something
I know Perun is proud and smiling at me
Opel will go either full electric or it will become PSA's Skoda, conservative good value for money car.
The matter at hand is that a criminal has been eliminated after shooting a police officer in Italy.
still better than our cult member
got no clue honestly, probably logistics or already existing infrastructure making it economically more feasible, also they're exporting into a euro-based country so the Czech crown costs could be theoretically lower
Prague is my favorite city in Europe, Budapest is not too far behind it and saw them both in one trip with Bratislava in the middle....so it sucks.
this and progressive presidents
I have it by my side(buttocks)
not censored)
I'm not from Eastern Europe unfortunately, but I really miss eating this stuff.
Oil from Norway
The problem is that the preparation and the period of gearing up towards war are getting longer while the time before the start of the hostilities till dealing an immense blow becomes a lot shorter.
You go for your first shift, and you receive bus that has no brakes, uncontrollable engine and is on fire
What's that area near Slovenia Slovakia that has no snow.
I swear I had gut feeling Swedish would be the language
The word is nonsense in Slovak yet we use it
The only place we go to at Obchodná is Slovak pub
Fucking eliminated oh my god
They usually have a package option
and proudly talk to him, to the distant wanderer:
Toasty 15° in February and a few day records so far where I live
Foreigners generally don't know about us
We haven't been in Eurovision since 2012
Even 50% is more than half a million Hungarian speakers
Fuckin rally Rome
Can't they be put on trial for gross misuse of power or such or even for a treason, considering how much this affects the country in a very bad way while it was achieved by an illegal act?
that's what my father taught me to do.
Czech president Milos Zeman is also famous to smoke in non-smoking environments
This is pretty interesting to hear, because in Slovakia the foreign voters skew heavily towards liberal parties
Another thing is that weed is relatively safe drug
Its very easy to pick you up in a crowd too
Slovakia heard people were saying we were a third world country
Good luck from Slovakia, stay strong and don't let the scum breath!
Also i fully support public education, national universal healthcare system etc
I was in Turku, and there was this greek girl (from Tessaloniki I think) who spent the whole time bitching about how cold it was
You havent been in war for centuries.
I can't see how this is going to end in eastern Europe
I'll admit to doing this, mostly because Czechoslovakia rolls off the tongue easier than the Czech Republic or Slovakia, It's usually followed by me correcting myself for making the error, but habits die hard.
Or were they requiring the languages
We have Zvolen which could (my speculation) be translated to Evering or Bánska Bystrica could be roughly translated to "A clear stream near a mine"? Really depends
Yep, sooo completely different.
Just crown Schwarzenberg already
Yeah because I use english a lot and I am also taking French lessons, while now trying to pick up some quick Spanish for my trip
I mean, maybe they invoked it even before the asteroid, merely because how remote it was
in white shines wide and long rows of his tents
if you gain tons of money by working online, for belgian money while working in belarus, that's a pretty nice boost in everything, plus clearly he did it for his wife as well
That's only 2 years before I would have had to conscript.
13 so far: Portugal, Spain, Andorra, France, Italy, Germany, Poland, Austria, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, United Kingdom and Iceland
Well, I'm talking about public transportation of a single city
Use of "y" vs "i" at the end of an adjective, tells whether your're talking about something in singular or plural, where "y" is always a singular adjective
like current history school books
If you are from CZ, speak Czech, 0 problems with that, everyone will understand you perfectly
Okay he went to lunik 9 and the only title he put in there was Slovakia
And we just sit and talk and drink
through the honest work, we starve never
And I used to hangout with metal heads in high school
If it weren't for the leak, this design wouldn't probably win
Before Romans, there were Celts here, as well
Oh wow
Sometimes they were individual actions of bravery
So then yes, I had veggie pasty which I liked and lot of jacket potatoes
Slovak Parliament
Aw fuck here we go again
Forced hungarization on other nationalities, banning and punishing people for using their own language, pushing for assimilation and so on
Then a week jn Lapland, before heading to Helsinki and Tallinn for some days.
Bratislava
Does it mean that I can order manga from Japan without paying additional taxes and coll
and what do you them to work for
Iron Curtain felt 27 years ago.
Well she's not exactly celebrity, just politician
And when you use it, you will only get to point of reality.
EU beaurocrats finally waked up?
I moved abroad at the age of 18 and have not lived in Slovakia for 12 years now, own property in the US where I live with my husband
This happens in my town too
there is no free version of Apple Music though
Today it was 24 degrees, looking at the forecast tomorrow its supposed to be 14 degrees, and it goes up from that point on, what the fuck is even going on at this point
Nice, it's really bad here too
By voting
Well, I bet no Soproni wakes up in the morning and thinks to himself "oh, man, its so good that I don't have to suffer Austrian standards of living."
And they do look the same to me
Same in Slovakia, we drink Kofola way more than Coca Cola or Pepsi
S touto diskusiou stále v živej pamäti som sa práve odhodlal, po pätnástich rokoch granatír znova vyskúšať a trvám na tom, že aj [domáci] je presne tak hnusný, ako si ho pamätám zo školskej jedálne
I mean who wouldn't when you gov is corupt
Another 5 or 10 minutes on the tram to work together with a 5 minute walk
herewegoagain
Plus they would already be getting some social money for their disabled kid
Also I have seen a Japanese dorama that used a National theatre in Bratislava for few scenes, but I think they pretended it was Prague
Boycott all sports events, tbh
Cheese, salami, ham
Most western people can't really distinguish Slovak from Czech, Russian or most slavic languages
Maybe you should check
It is the similar shit I read about environmentalist lefties who praise communism
Where is it
Because for example over here, president stops those ridiculous proposals etc
pot (sweat)
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of law
yes, it has some cons, yes you do not pay anything unless you want extra features
I mean, maybe they invoked it even before the asteroid, merely because how remote it was
We produce most cars per capita in the world, and around 26% of our whole industry is dedicated to production of cars and car parts
In how many European languages can you say "thank you"?
You should have made Austria a bit more squishy and wide, so it's closer to Slovakia and Hungary with which is has borders
Highway to China
We recently got thousands of Serbians coming to Slovakia for work
cz is great though, I use it in the US too
Fine in Slovakia too
Feels totally as a communism move, and I won't ever support that
One Indian chef that moved to Slovakia speaks very good Slovak though and I would not know he is not Slovak because he makes no mistakes and his accent is pretty decent
In US for comment like this, people would be apologizing in morning tv show
I’ve met people from several other continents and the cultural shock that I’ve experienced compared to the one that I’ve had with people from other parts of Europe was tremendous
I mean more in the sense of 'sedaj smo na slovenskem' (vocative case but you get the point) or something along those lines.
The difference is more distinct
But hoho if you hear me swear in ma native language, you bet I am pissed
And even firing the casters
Roman empire was ever under the rule of somebody else than Caesar
It's not me mixing them up mate.
Soyuz nerushimy respublik svobodnykh
Living in Bratislava now and I can say I liked it better before when I went there only for a trip
I love nice friendly people who don’t have problems with foreigners
Nothing changed since 1700, still not interesting enough for average european
100€ - eleven large pizzas from pizza delivery
Two generations before me were born and raised in Czechoslovakia.
Then remove your flair to support World government.
That sub was literally the reason I  starded to use Reddit
But again, so many things have changed over the last 10 years that I feel much more at home
Not only that, but also some of the coalition members are undermining him constantly
This looks totally like Bratislava, except for a few minor differences
No, it’s actually named after a town in Austria called Raabs an der Thaya
I don't see it as awkward
We also want to be best friends with Italy.
interesting fact: after inventing glagolic and translating Bible to it, this old Slavonic was accepted as the fourth liturgical language,
For bachelor degree it's usually 3 years, for masters it's two years and there are some exceptions for some specific study programs e.g. medicine (where it is 5 or 6 years)
everyone git buttraped by VW hard
A few photos from the incident [here]
Benátky - Venice
Just say voiceless palatal plosive, it's the same everywhere
Yes
Eagles flew from Tatra, heading for the plains,
* bite (you **fight** \[plural\])
All i said was - it is realistic, possible
For me all the time
But the truth is, we do like you a lot
hah We are not on the list after kicking out 3 of them and shitting on sputnik
And it does feels a bit thematic
Combining with army could make sense if there was overlap between army and sports personal (I can imagine that physical training for army and some sports can be similar)
Said by both genders
Is it not
Most of these sound as expected
Now that I think about it combining with schools or culture can be a good fit because of the reach they have
Mind the comma, UK !
But it was an issue in 90s, today nobody asks for autonomy/independence.
Where from are
...and winning is better then trying.
Czechia even in czech language sounds stupid, they call it "česko" or "čechy" (which funny enough is only a part of czech republic)
At least we’ve got something going for us
yeah, for example I live in "Brother and Glory"!
As a contrast to it you have cote d azur beaches which are just full of caffees and small shops and boulangeries, because French and their cafes
Was ist das Nunstück gibt und Slotermeyer
Hungarians STILL upset over it.
Our press regulary berates and attacks governments and nothing happens to them.
North Hungary is the best Hungary.
century - 906/7 - Great Moravia
Given that his position is strongly pro-federalist, that is the way he rolls.
I think it makes more sense than combining education and sport
Even when wedding celebrations were banned people went to Poland to have wedding parties
Different words for friend you dont kniw really much or meet occasionally(kamarát) and friend who is really close, understanding and all that stuff(priateľ).
But to be fair, I love Czech translation of Lort but with Harry Potter was I was alway torn, because Bradavice didn't go well with me
Yes
It's just that visually, there's less of them
Yuri Gagarin didnt smoke, didnt drink and trained all his life in order to spent 108 minutes outside the USSR xD
You can't produce cars that score lowball figures on the TÜV report while your competitors do stricktly better and charge the same price, why buy?
That's the hardest language I have ever had to study, and I speak Hungarian
I learned quite late at 9
I feel like even in 200 years some people will still be like "Slovakia, oh you mean Czechoslovakia
It certainly can work in Wilders' favour and he (paradoxically) can be thankful to Erdogan, but for me the question is whether he can actually make use of this chance and convince people that only he can stop this madness despite current representatives have shown they are able to do so as well.
You know Finnish, but you don't know German
Its not us we swear, its the rest of us thats the problem
Sherpas
Vy v Srbčine nemáte 'y'?
Can Slovakians share their thoughts too?
In Bratislava its pretty normal, at night everyone was walking to their own bus stop at night and then walking home alone
Doesn't Portugal have a large amount of immigrants from their former colonies and such that came in there a long time ago?
I say increased cooperation and founding of institutions whose job isnt just to look for good of itself, but of common one, is what changed the course of history.
First known larger Slavic realm was formed here in around 623
Than why the hell did you bother with monetary union in first place?
Dunno why, but I really hit me more In Uk
Increasing power usage leads also to increased need of these power plants
For Slovaks this was always a bittersweet remainder
If you ask here anyone who is their favourite US president, the vast majority will tell you it is Ronald Reagan
when your room is messy - "it's messy in here like inside a tank"
you'll get crippled economically, Iran will get bombed into feudal ages as Iraq was/is
I pleasure you meet
I stopped using it after that
Cheers
For some reason my and my friend thought people are staring at us and judging us as we wandered around
How i said missing kids are non existent problem here.
In slovak: “čučoriedka” and “kôstka” (blueberry, bone)
Lots of types of products, however also same products that pretend to be different, aka 30 types of cereals, and so on
Remove the chapel and it's basically Serbia.
The nature and the overall atmosphere was wonderful, especially in the north of the country.
"Save your Internet", Jesus Christ
So here is the realistic deal, either continent unites or it will be ripped apart by those who do not wish for another competition on the block.
It was the new shit, because it was in the rise of industrial revolution
Well yes, insurance does not cover much from private dentists, so most of the people just meh´s it
Way too often to be bearable for me
In Slovakia our prime minister's party has already fallen off a cliff (from 25 to 15%) and our situation hasn't even been that bad in comparison to many EU countries
The most notable part of it is [Sky Park by Zaha Hadid] which is almost done right now
Slovakia in Slovak: "slovensko republika"...
Do you really drive for 500 kilometers without breaks?
Czech names are all over as we were one country before
It's weird to me, because a few years ago, the youth was quite liberal and a big shift towards liberalism was occurring.
AH, objective and scientifically-backed assessment, thanks for your wise, unbiased contribution
Much easier than German, as it doesn't have the stupid (sorry) der, die, das for everything
Čo si maďar - what are you hungarian , meaning if someone doesn't understand you
True, but rude
Thank You, I find Italy strangely underrepresented in the comments
Germans hate Turks, Poles, Russians.
The train station is such a shame, it should be the first priority in Bratislava to fix, yet nothing is happening
And she is fiercly loyal to her friends
Millenium celebration
*Saxon noises*
I admire your bravery and manhood fór being able to read such a swamp as dennikN but tbh, we have fico, when he will be gone (hopefully soon) we will either have Sulik (which is afd, Le pen and other) or kotleba...
I don't really feel any sort of strong "slavic" identity and I don't care too much for other slavic countries.
> Also, the job market, are there any significant differences that you found strange
I disagree, all healthcare should be universal for everyone.
I can understand the sentiment.
Austria announces new measures to tighten border with Slovakia
SNS: conservative right-wing populists who defrauded a lot of things
I can understand euro opt-out, but not rest.
Does Slovakia falsify economic indicator ?
It's insane, I mean sure close borders, but trucks should have always exception
This is the same in Australia or Canada.
1993-today's Slovak Republic
Thank you
They sure love to tamper with markets
When they went to Turkey people just kept talking to him as if he was local
And after 4 large books covering history of art I can conclude that I'm a lost cause
For more chilling and moving atmosphere, [Hrdza - Slovensko moje, otčina moja]
Martin Schultz with R2G coalition (Social Democrats, The Left and Greens) would be a nice change.
Just 48 degrees, but we usually deal with it by turning on light
I got pissed, took a bike and rode down the steepest hill around, then kept pedaling around like it was nothing, practically learned instantly
Nicolaus days (chocolates are given to kids to socks which are hanged at window that night).
I read a lot when it comes to history, but there are some things I don't know much about
Sorry, but this is genius
Isn't it cheaper to drive some sedan, and rent truck/van when needed
Yes I believe that you can relate more to European people and customs than outside people and stuff
Same here
Based
I've visited Bratislava once and there's not a lot to do there.
Though in recent Slovak news I’ve read we have scary high pollution numbers in the air
Till I am above the Greek hell I am calm.
They are not refugees, they are economic migrants.
*Zbojník* - They were bandits that lived off the land and robbed people travelling through remote areas
glad it's not just my brain making stuff up
- Hlas - SD: Smer - SD, but on a power trip
Or a sleeve
The central south of the country
However, I'm surprised he didn't mention Kingdom of Bohemia at all
Potatoes
It's pretty much worldwide tradition
One thing is sending money to charity which takes care of humanitarian needs like rebuilding schools, public housing, providing food, blankets and whatnot to Donbass.
And there we go
You can pretend to be the intellectual type.
How is popular teleshopping in your country
Good luck in your job search
y'all are up for adoption, too, it would seem -mother keeps the cute little Luxembourg, but not you guys
For me all the time
You guys don't have the Soros conspiracy
They are all staged and taken on purpose though
The straight that goes through Istanbul seperates landmass.
For how small we are, you would believe how many dialects we have, some are just different pronunciations but some are entirely different words and sentence sequences, like holy shit I myself know like 15 ways of saying a "potato" in slovak
432k tickets win 7€, 485k tickets win more, highest price is 150000€. It’s almost 1:6 chance to win something but the jackpot is 1 in a million and nothing extra
We usually just refer to each others by their name
Please add us too
Many cars that are considered regular, average cars are considered luxury in the US.
Two agencies use different counting methods.
Statue of Svatopluk wasn't as controversial because of who it represents, but because it was made by "artist" who was royal communist artists and its fugly as hell.
Long live the EU, and hopefuly Biden wont dissapoint with NATO and demand bullshit he does not understand, like Trump did
It's a staple of both Hungarian and Slovak christmas
(I assume that dingus tweeted something stupid again)
Plus we Slovaks like to go there, because Croatia is culturally and aesthetic wise similar to Slovakia
At the time of end of Transnistria war, USSR didn't exist no more.
Komarno ok, makes sense due to the Danube sort of, but this is just laughable
They are further elaborated on in this as well in another agreements, which stipulate what institution can execute what competence under what conditions in what way and who enforces their application.
It's not slang
Also goods sold in supermarkets cost roughly the same in Austria, Hungary or Slovakia.
Are these names really frowned upon
I considered Czechia, Poland and Hungary as more central Europe.
it was beyond beautiful, lots to do for the outdoors/nature lover in Triglav National Park and the Lake Bled area, and very affordable.
Polish barely anything, Russian a few words and others probably nothing
Still counts IMHO
slovakia, any country smaller than us has to be really small, so i would consider as big the other xD
However, Czechs do not like this comparison for some reason
The real question is if you pronounce it with t or ť.
And hence why in France they are going to elect most europhilic candidate in decades.
I didn't know that
Doctors and nurses are running away to Czechia or Germany for better work environment and so on
The parachute by Štefan Banič.
And Brexit recently
I will always think about my grandma which used to show me these whenever she found some
Stingy as dutch
I probably make many many many errors while writing in English and double that for speaking, but it still feels better and more consistent
Yes
During that time you were the unite,
6 million minks
They do family reunions and dinners instead
His daughter said that she found out about this the next day when the photo of her father was published
Especially as blond tall person
Many people are angry at him for 'restricting their rights' and the more extreme ones for 'trying to chip them'. The fact that Matovič doesn't speak like a politician (calmly and composedly) plus uses stupid facebook post to announce vital information doesn't help
Napadlo mi - means came to my mind
How could OP forget the most important person in history
Poland for saving us from Ottomans in battle of  Wien
As contrary to my current SO who could not careless if I talk or stare at him while on the toilet
why
I wouldn't move far from my ancestral village during my life (if I weren't a newcomer to the mentioned mining settlement) and I could expect an epidemic of cholera 12 years later
Could /r/Europe give some filtering option on this asshat.
Looks like you have same sense of humor as Germans
Also a way to distinguish, I heard of children who have one pair of grandparents that speak Hungarian call them by the Hungarian name for grandma and grandpa
Hun, come to the US and try this shit out.
It would be like only connecting Germany to nazis
I wouldn't move far from my ancestral village during my life (if I weren't a newcomer to the mentioned mining settlement) and I could expect an epidemic of cholera 12 years later
I agree, but where did I do this
But here in slovakia we had democratic country and communists got into power by coup dtat, and made it totalitarian
The city always changes, nightlife is great and you can combine it with a trip to Vienna:) Now we actually got a good mayor who is putting the city together at an incredibly fast pace
Goddamn 20th century !
Nice, what would you say is there average salary most people live off in Slovenia
I hope we won't repeat the same mistake
Thank you, did you mean red onion or white onion
Europeans work to live, Americans live to work
In his memoirs written by Karel Čapek he specifically says his father was slovak and spoke slovak, although he wasn't prominent figure in his life
And I agree so competitive
Which version are you talking about
Basically, if you speak any (slovak not foreign) accent (except for northern), it doesnt improve your image, and you are seen as "lower class". I dont know about posh, but the northern is like from fairytale, so it is seen as proper/oldschool/charming
&#x200B;
Slovacchia wtf
I've thought it's where the Balkans end...Central to me is: Slovakia, Czechia, Poland, Hungary.
it takes you almost to B2 level
So you had war in 90's, right
This is why unregulated free trade can never work.
The thing is it’s not only the bank which can charge a fee but also the ATM
Driving on fucking tram tracks at 4AM
I have oregano associated rather with Italy
Slovakia looks more centralized than
most of africa - bad
We say the same about people who study useless majors
The language is tough to learn but a Poles generally are more than happy to help you learn if you try!
In Slovakia we have around 100000.
That's cheating then, innit mate
You weren't alone in that mess
The effects of freedom of movement are completely asymmetric so I don't think it is fair to expect a Briton, a Frenchman and a Slovakian to have the same opinion.
Awesome country, at least based on my holiday experience near Lake Bled, Ljubljana and nearby.
erdogan thinks he can hold immigration crisis as his bargaining chip forever, wonder why europe does not just sends turkish president and his administration to the place when suns not shining and be done with it
Of course, his biggest platform are the issues wih Romani people, but his large gains were caused by the new issues of immigration, too.
Oh, my mistake
Congrats
We work like china, one country two systems :D
Beautiful
Oh yeah our ones are just straight up killed
Milan Rastislav Štefánik
Sure, Karosas are also carved deeply into everyone's memory, but the Ikarus door were mesmerizing
And Košice (secont biggest city by pop
Just our capital is named Bratislava which means Brother's glory or Celebrate brotherhood
Oh please, they will shit their pants the second they realize it might happen.
"zima ako v rusku" - cold like in russia (when it is too cold outside)
The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic and legal state
does anyone know good VPN service
Otherwise you pay in cash for a one-time, weekly or monthly ticket
1989 - present
No matter how many empty platitudes you say the fact of the matter is Germany and, let's say Slovakia, are not and will not be equal in power and influence and leadership positions in Europe.
I do indeed, one of the best channels for this type of content
Most of the cost is going to be on accomodation and travel between countries so you can pre-check that pricing out first.
NO they didn't stop lying
In the light of the recent attack in London, I would like them to be out as soon as possible.
My arabic ex - the pooping business
I chatted few weeks back with VICE news reporter who made multiple war reports from Syria, embedded with rebels (hard line islamists and non) or kurdish militia.
Nice whataboutism
We are extremely close, I have very little common with Poles, Ukrainians, Austrians, or Hungarians, but Czechs are a brother nation
Considering we barelly touched WW2, I'm happy some kids heard about the Holocaust at least
Defrauded like 40 billion € (I am not exaggerating)
Romania wants them out of the office.
I love sweet dishes with poppy
- When combined this can be even more fun because you can also buy a czech ticket online at the czech site for a trip that takes place entirely in Slovakia
Also, cross-border infections make for a tiny minority of cases
Because we are
Polish meat has also bad reputation
And as you can imagine, it gained a reputation as a song used by neo-nazis and ultra-nationalist, which is shame, because I love it
Ah, my cousin studied there
Life was bad before that but became much worser after the act and Heydrich was not really that important
Omg exactly
I always ask for tap water in restaurants, because I dislike sugary sodas
Its funny
"olovrant"
SCHÖNER
UFO bridge in Bratislava , or upside down pyramid,  that works as Slovak TV and Radio brodcaster
Just an update, what are the polls saying?
It is shown on TV around Christmas time every year in the Czech Republic, Germany, Slovakia, Switzerland, Norway, Ukraine, and sometimes Russia.
My theory is it's about national pride and stability
But I haven't seen them being used too much, but that might be because I am getting old
If yes, how do they differ from the regular social-democrats?
Reminds me of how terribly Spanish people must feel when someone is surprised that they can speak Mexican
I didn't assume you were joking; what made you think I did
Of course capitalism has done a lot of good for *us,* but it would be naive to not see how that affected everyone else
Dog is happy, his owner as well...
But it would be really cool to see the outskirts of Marseilles vs the small old streets in the city centre
Bulharská konštanta ( Bulgarian constant ) is an arbitrary number, usually added to computation result to make it match correct (or expected) result.
We can understand each other because the vocabulary is pretty similar and because of mutual exposure
Last month in Slovakia the incompetent opposition won by quite a margin
You know it’s bad when you actually think in English instead of your native language
Dimenhydrinate is marketed under many brand names: in the USA, Mexico and Serbia as Dramamine, in Ukraine as Driminate, in India and Canada as Gravol, in Iceland as Gravamin, in Russia and Croatia as Dramina, in South Africa and Germany as Vomex, in Australia and Austria as Vertirosan, in Brazil as Dramin, in Ecuador as Anautin, in Hungary as Daedalon, in Sweden as Calma or Arlevert, in Indonesia as Antimo, in Italy as Xamamina, in Peru as Gravicoll, in Poland and Slovakia as Aviomarin, in Portugal as Viabom, in Spain as Biodramina, in Thailand as ไดเมนนีน (Daimenin), and in Pakistan as Gravinate.
You gotta need to get some of those fine British fish-n-chips as in the old days.
(The poem uses some unique archaic words that I can't translate 1:1, but I will do my best)
Neither UK, nor France has ability to act outside its sphere of influence rapidly and alone.
It is known that polls are always accurate and absolutely cannot be manipulated.
Some of them are alien
Yep, appeasement of slaver states.
You, Spaniards, actually use scissors in the kitchen for many things, not just to cut a pizza
Sent by Slavic tribe, from the famous council,
British euroscepticism at political scene has been driven by Eurosceptic wing at Tory party.
I contrary think quite the opposite with camera, i think the newest iphones have the best camera on the market at least for my, but as you mentioned the iOS is the problem for me personally, it is the same with macos, you just have to do things one certain very unnatural way
How is that related
There are just some places where fellow drunken Slovaks (the Macho, kinda extremist type) usually attend and can be equally as annoying
Just look at the constitution you mentioned
Especially Viktor Orban, but tandem of president Klaus and ODS as parliamentary leader too.
It does sound nice, though it would also be nice to have Kirchensteuer and separation of the church and the state
"Najčistejšou" - "with the most pure" - comes to my mind, without too much thinking
not surprised about you guys
Asian, not just vietnamese exclusively, I am sure there aren't such sentiments towards vietnamese if that was the question
Trnava - hard accents, hate Hungarians and they take football too seriously
if you draw a straight line past istanbul, half of Ukraine, none of Russia, Belarus, parts of Finland wouldnt be in Europe.
There is also word "beťár" which is a word to describe bad and wrong-behaving child
Its not prohibited to leave (just to enter for any non-resident), but anyone returning from abroad is required to quarantine at home-isolation for 14 days, otherwise 2000 EUR fine will be issued
Obviously there is also a group of people that don't agree with it, but they're a minority.
Austria and Slovakia (and more if I'm not mistaken) thought to themselves, hmmmm maybe that Orban is on to something and have taken similar measures to close off the flood of illegal and economic migrants.
The situation seems to be similar on the other side of the border in central northern Hungary, forming a "cross-border" poor region
They pretty much treated them way worse.
Seriously this is one of the most idiotic thread titles i have ever seen on Reddit...
It is, only USA sees is as tradition
Well, dude, hadiths were not written by Mohammed and to be honest sticking to it reliogously is the main problem of islam in last decades.
But in reality it's so Hungarian it can almost run on paprika
Government buildings already fly them all year long
That's a very simplified way of looking at it imho
Cries in Bratislava
In slovak it’s pronounced either as /ɦ/ or /x/, depending on where in the word it is
Hell yeah
Billboards are mostly stuff like God wants to help you, Let God enter your life, Jesus is here for you and so on
Our eastern little brother Slovakia.
Foreign affairs don't wanna be called Gruzia (or similar Slavic names) so for example Ukraine call you Sakartvelo
Super easy
I think I'm gonna cut out Slovakia and soak up the other countries, as you suggest.
I cant write in Slovak and barely manage in English
For example, the word for door is always plural in Slovak and you can often hear Slovaks say they "opened the doors" or so, even though they mean just one door
neither is mine, so I can't really fix you with Slovenian
Where I come from she's ussually burned and thrown to river, which means the winter has ended, the time has come for spring and the renewal of life
When we want to be really mean, we wait till Slovakia comes up in a conversation and then we pretend we don't know what Slovakia is and ask whoever brought it up whether he meant Upper Hungary.
I didn’t go to dentist for my whole college so my first year after that I didn’t have insurance
The Rape of Belgium pales in comparison to what other countries suffered at the hand of Imperial, and more so Nazi Germany, as cynical as this sounds.
Looks like Bratislava, just train station is in the wrong place
You've read the fine print, right?
Then it would be the other way around, with Russia being unable to do anything about essentially one of their best equipped military bases out of reach from the ground revolting and declaring an independence.
The country you are working at, is responsible for social benefits and so on
Damn Hungarians they ruined Hungary
Most of the people use only napadlo ma and it's annoying when you know the difference
And do you know why does US have so many skyscrapers
And first things they will do is to attack (in the name of democracy) those unelected bureaucrats/judges who don't listen to the will of people .
>.>**
If he didnt change he is still jolly drunk who doesnt give a shit so I doubt this really raises his blood pressure.
I mean, doesn't Pitivo mean "drinkable thing" in both our languages
But I think we can read and understand like 30% of Serbo-Croatian
Is me pleasure you meet
city - varoš - from Hungarian "város"
Even when they wanted to limit it for 30 people max
Still counts IMHO
We have a few:
In my opinion both sides treated each other unfairly at times and it is good that the revanchism has stopped, however, there is still quite a sizeable amount of, I guess, your far-right countrymen who like to provoke Slovaks in the YouTube comment sections of their own anthem
Czech Republic and Slovakia
>"Hoj mor ho
So yes, the central government does make the effort to do that
Regular dark hair - Oh so you are into metal
It is interesting to see how capital or few large cities/metropolitan areas in many developed countries drained economic activity from the rest of country/union (as a country example Slovakia-Bratislava, as a union example London-European Union).
Slovakia, where the capital is at the border, right next to Austria's capital: *I don't have such weaknesses*
How to annoy your neighbour 101
And lastly, there is insanely low percentage of people speaking pure slovak
Soros is behind everything
well in slovak and czech, word for Slovakia is neuter.
which would be(are) probably most effected by this.
The contrast between Hungary and Slovakia -- neighbours -- is particularly striking!
Nope
I have been dreaming of this day since I was a little boy.
The anthem of Yugoslavia "Hey slavs
Dont FUCKING touch my internet.
Yeah, success, this is how it looks like
dont you have to pay for bus
Also id translate Banská Bystrica "mining creek"
It seems pretty well known on this sub and maybe in Europe, but most people in North America automatically think I'm talking about Slovakia when I tell them I went to Slovenia...
In Slovak it means something else, but in english it's laughable
Many Roma live in the border regions, which are often the poorest in the country.
Not only because it is wrong itself, but many people in slovakia know how to fight or carry some sort of weapon with them (tear gas, boxer, baton, knife
What do you mean "republic of china"? Mainland China is not republic, rather postcommunist dictatorship
But hey why should I blame current people for 100 years old events right
Vienna is the correct answer and anywhere in Austria, probably also parts of Bavaria, Switzerland and Slovakia.
I think from the all, Traders joe was my favourite
Support for democracy and the market economy decreased significantly from 47 and 35 per cent, respectively, in 2010 to 39 and 29 per cent in 2016.
Most of them have Dutch passport, though.
Maybe because UK had exceptions and special clauses in almost every single treaty ever made while most of the other members rarely asked for any?
You are completely brainwashed.
Its all just shadows and mirrors they dont actually wanna do any real damage they just do it just in case they would want to do some real damage.
I like to checkout where I will stay on holidays or how to get somewhere with a car
Why would he split his resources with any other people
But people were outraged when it came out
From light bulbs to poppy seeds, through guns to stupid radiation restrictions, thanks to which ESA probe Philae(which kind of failed) had to use solar panels instead of RTG, to ban of combustion engine and in the future maybe even ban of meat!
Also:
Think again
Not worried
Russia could be another example, though even more detached, is it not fair to say Italy is more European than Russia?
A Financial Crash and a Volcanic Eruption (but there is growing concern because of tourism)
If memory serves correctly, Croatia, Cyprus and Latvia don't have agencies either.
As you can see from graph, it's also very "shaky" - there's huge number of windmills on coast, and since you can't simply shut down coal plants with a flick of switch (it takes 24-48 hours to put flames out or back on in our plants, Germans are probably similar), everytime there's stronger wind, it also de-stabilizes electricity grid in Western Poland as well (since our grids are connected, while Bavarians keep blocking new links in their region because of "muh landscape").
That would be the one he has matching genes with.
Banning him for a whole year
There was an old regime joke about this, something about never inviting a soviet over because last time we did they only stayed for 20 years
Well, the west hates the east, the east hates the west, so I think the neutral zone is somewhere in the middle
From veggies definitely borecole
I take the night bus from the Hodžko and its okay
Our government has barely enough money to maintain 16000 men strong force with outdated Russian equipment, so there is no chance we would have Area 51 or stuff like that
You mean people on vacation
* dupe (he/she/it **clamps**)
Too bad there arent many such parties.
then you've seen and experienced bs lmao
In English it means a present, in German a poison
edit: grammar
I had to learn that from scratch
There's a village called Panické Dravce which can mean
It has no soul
It's up to liberal democracies to take the high road and make sure everyone is equally treated.
Well, in our case not only has ever seen prison.
They would have competitive advantage over their peers who decide to have children.
There has been long-term tension in the country within various segments of society, failure of Bashar al-Assad government to push with reform policy that was promised at beginning of his rule, rule of nepotism and platocracy, surpression of kurdish national rights and rise of extremism as a fallout of Iraqi insurgency.
World Economic Forum Gap Index - Scandinavia leads the pack, while countries such as Czechia and Slovakia lag behind Uganda and Bangladesh
Are there many Romas in Slovenia?
Being a formerly relatively rich industrial region of Austria-Hungary, the region is full of valuable cultural heritage, nowadays often falling apart in run down towns
And thus all of the Eastern block adopted the latter date
>and maybe Bulgarian
Today it was 24 degrees, looking at the forecast tomorrow its supposed to be 14 degrees, and it goes up from that point on, what the fuck is even going on at this point
Defrauded like 40 billion € (I am not exaggerating)
Which treaty gave TK to establish separatist state, ethnically cleanse half of island and start with colonization?
probably Dunajská Streda or Komarno, because the majority of the speakers don’t speak  Slovak or they don’t speak or well, so when you go there as a Slovak you’re often looked at as If you were an alien
All in all the TRL for technology that's needed to get to Mars is basically there already as in decades.
Funny like I'm a clown
Imperial soldiers and local militias for 3 centuries fun past time was spiking Ottoman heads on pikes and thus demarking borders.
Slovakia was already industrialized during Austro Hungarian empire...
We intentionally not participated 1999-2008 and since 2012, so not many opportunities to vote for you :P.
This is Štefan Harabin, former chief justice of the Supreme Court of Slovakia for 10 years, former Minister of Justice
By them I mean slovak politicians, all of them.
Pound goes down, unemployment gets better nothing surprising.
Nope
Remember to participate in the EU elections this weekend and try to find candidates that support your requests
Zbojníci - in later medieval and early modern era, zbojníci were bandits that robbed travellers and merchants on roads going through remote areas of today's Slovakia, while using deep forest and challenging terrain to evade the law
I guess that if a product like salami has 75% meat in Germany and 50% meat in Slovakia and cost the same or a bit more in Slovakia you can't really explain it with different tastes.
I would like to be Slovakian...
Certainly much more so than Syria and Europe.
Now that you say this, our word for a bridge is "most" and since I've learned English, I feel it would be very correct to refer to tunnels as "lísts".
With some effort I can also understand Polish
You guys are getting one natural disaster after another...
So I can understand how people in Hong Kong feel
Thanks
Also the football fight was shitty time, those people who fought there were bastards
There are the people who want at least some revision, especially on the Slovakia border because there is a large Hungarian minority there.
I do understand your question but there is huge problem with answering it.
Not much tho , there were some cases during '00
Not jumping into fountains, not shouting at girls
Would be cool if there is some webpage with all european castles with maps'n'shit somtehink like this slovakian: (although this one seems to be bit dated and therefore not that user-friendly)
some parents switch to hungarian
ushankas are cizy in winter I guess
Consequently, Slovak women travel to Austria as Austria allows medical abortion (not just surgical) which Slovakia does not
There is a band from Russia that sings in finnish precisely because noone can understand that
Like, when you use the standard form "sedliak" it just means a farmer
I have no clue what to do with partitive, but this is what these cases translate to in Slovak:
glad it's not just my brain making stuff up
I remember the time when many of my fellow citizens went to England to exploit their welfare system.
Can we get mods to add it as a flair to clear things up
Well, I personally don't agree with everything he does, but I understand that in his place I probably wouldn't do better
> Just imagine an incredible number of 180 castles and 425 chateaux in a country with the entire population far smaller than the city of New York
But speaking of one Czechoslovak would not be possible
Dear Marina, whom I love in wonderful fatherland,
Edit: Valaška is a weapon, tool and walking stick used by slovaks and rusyns
No, you mean Chechnya
Czech-oh-and-Slovakia
My hometown of 27 thousands has like 4 around
Thanks, as a Slovak, I appreciate that
Beautiful beaches, great people and the Old Town and one dollar tortillas
That's not what the Slovakian op wrote.
Good thing is that this can divide Britain in almost 2 identical halves.
I've heard they cause uneasy feelings to some older folks
But how can we look southern Polish if we're northern Hungarians?
Heavy drinking
Plus you can always ask them to add lemon or make a lemonade
Forget about english, my question basically was, if there are russian words with sequence "иа" which would be pronounced as "ия". Because in slovak "ия" would be transcribed as "ija", but it is basically never written this way, it is always written as "ia" wich is alternative to russian "я" - as a letter
Getting N Kosovo for Serbia is more than they had yesterday.
Matthew Csak
As if they think I don't understand them
I forgot about the verbs, but yeah "y" on verbs is a great filter that tells you you are talking with an idiot
Let me jump on this bandwagon of EU word maps with the most important word of them all
Probably not, so you would get a gun to feel safe.
For example I say Londýn, italians say Londra and spanish say Londres
Kinda like not inviting your neighbours to your house for dinner cause they're not family isn't punishment, it's just not granting them privileges that stem from being a family member
And on and on
In Slovakia we have the [Fujara] it is kind of a giant flute
Yeah it's not over
You could vote for "National Front", which was one and only coalition of almost all organizations in the state.
I still have a problem with pronouncing some words wrongly simply because I pronounce some characters as they are written or sometimes I write a different word which is similar in its written form to a pronunciation of a word I'm actually supposed to write
Also Dragon Heart was filmed here
How tf is this worse in slovakia than in hungary
So you don't really have to swap them, but I suppose it sounds even funnier to you that way, which is the point
So German is chosen by majority as 2nd language and Russian is another option, with French clearly bellow Russian and Spanish/Italian being ,, exotic,, choices,, if avalaible in schools...
Also very lenient reaction on recent Turkish aggression in Syria (I'm not actually sure whether there was any reaction on that at all)
>"Balaton expansion initiative"
their way
I can imagine one of them walking out of that tesco with empty shelves, then seeing the orange-white police car and must have thought: fuck this shit, I am out of here
They still have 6 months to go.
There is a lot of racism against them too
[easy choice]
or pl
And the insulation on our house was terrible despite being in one of the really nice parts
Yes, it is
And you just have to pick a side and fight for it
Basically 3 of Bratislava boroughs are really bordering Austria and 1 Hungary.
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
What are you talking about
And your argument based on "might makes right" would serve nicely to proper army led by veterans.
They're not uncommon, but the part you don't see is that these public procurement are continuously audited and if discrepancies are found, a corresponding part of the contribution will have to be returned
Just keep tank at half so it won't sneak into another state
However I got recommended some museums, so will check them later
So less stress on people on the lower income side
Czechia is proper translation of Česko, the name comes from Latin (first records in end of 16th century), appearing in English in the first half of 19th century.
To be honest, the male supporters are not bright either.
Späť means backwards in Slovak
I've been to a lot of them when I lived there
Germany actually saves the money and time in this case.
Start in Iceland, take an airplane to Oslo.
The whole point was to make a revolution so people can have freedom of choice and are no longer in totalitarian regime
If it was it would likely just be the Russian one like Slovenia and Slovakia.
Communism of Lenin, Stalin and Breznev.
They usually have a package option
Funnuly enough russias propaganda mainly talks shit about them.
Then we have chart with 2nd gen immigrants 1% point above natives in employment, but in another chart 2nd gen immigrants employment rate compared to natives is better only in four countries.
Hainburg an der Donau is also remarkable because of its city walls and castle
I agree with you
I don't know how much of this is true though
That means, their history can be interesting, but they don't matter anymore.
Kids, who were in the perfect age to be drafted just 14 years later and die in a gruesome, pointless war that merely became a pretense for another, even larger one where their kids will die.
NIreland has advantage of die-hard Ulster, but with border coming up no one knows what republicans will do in anger.
>Make Andrej Babiš Slovak again
Smer SD- they created most corrupted government, everyone knew that they were robbing the state but still managed somehow to win elections many times, this year they finally didn't,
You obviously are not going use the term czechia in portuguese, why would you
However, awesome job you are doing, that is definitely not easy to work in this field
They were loaded
Slovakia is the equalest place on earth (no joke actually) as such I never felt it, but people here tend to not go bankrupt often
They have even not managed to achieve infamy, like Moldova for being objectively the poorest or Albania for their human and drug trafficking
Whoops, sometimes it’s hard to decipher
Yeah, its really tragic, Soviet citizens and the red army payed the highest price to free the world from fascism, we will be forever thankful ️
He/she hangs out by the apple products and talks to everyone who touches an iPad
Not in person, but for all the people wo put ketchup on langos please stop
Congrats
Prvé poschodie - first floor (the next one)
This is lack of imagination and lack knowledge of how people live around the world.
I also understand that a lot of people is still used to pre-89 political classification of countries to Western and Eastern bloc
From those bigger ones in parliament
(I’m not nationalistic at all, to neither side)
What the hell is going on with vienna
The real question is if you pronounce it with t or ť.
Joke's on you, now you have to go around because no boats go through there
I can't say that about any other country in the world (including the US, where I've lived significantly longer than I have ever spent in Czech Republic)
, and we got kebab food and shitty town square :D
You are in the wrong part of the world, you belong to us
well, better than the current opposition but still leaves a lot to be desired
It is an english term, not protuguese one, in portugal you can call it Chéquie like brazilians, cant you
What borders
His condition worsened and he died within a week of being hospitalized
Looks like Canada and Australia will soon become New Europa and Far New Europa
Had one try and convince me to buy an iPad instead of a much cheaper Samsung tablet
Large cities have different problems and levels of education than little town or villages
How did that get settled after you joined the EU?
simple, depends on the place and country, usually if you take a wrong rural road you end up in a different country, if you go by a big road they just ask you for passport and let you go within a minute
I think that Lithuania means more for us, than Slovakia for Czechs
The prices are too high as well, the non-existence of some alcohol brands (especially spirits like borovička) as well
These referendum results are by definition ultimate though.
Yeah, but Putin's secret bunker is.
The roma villages
Yeah I guess they only can pay for some depending on money allocation
You have to travel to a really remote area to find a settlement without gas.
Can't say I support that kind of lack of nuance
In Slovakia we have pokokot and it means from here to that cunt over there
However, Charles' MFF is still the best in teaching math, physics or (theoretical) computer science
I believe the dubbing was the best part of the movie
We really had no big experience with beer at the time, so it all tasted bitter to us
Most of the people under thirty will speak at least some English as virtually everybody learns it now.
pucovať, it exists here too
I guess we misundertood each other.
Czechs in general like Slovak language, they think it is softer than Czech and melodic and Czech men think it's sexy when Slovak woman is speaking it
Mizzle and drizzle, windy all the time
Hardly think so money doesn't make things any better in this case, country gets the EU funds, country spends it on educating its own people, improving school equipment and at the end of this cycle you expect this investment will pay off in a form of fully educated doctor working in your country, curing your own people, but what is happing is that Germany will get this investment back and your country gets almost nothing.
So I assume you also want to kick out Slovakia, Malta, Portugal and Spain given that they were doing the same according to the OP.
When topic of dialects come up in pub or somewhere like that
Czechs are part of NATO which is why they supported Kosovo.
The train station is such a shame, it should be the first priority in Bratislava to fix, yet nothing is happening
That isn't even pseudo-Czech, that's just normal Czech with one little typo
That Slovakia/Slovenia thing is not funny anymore try something else
There are machines where you can buy tickets next to all bigger bus-stops
And how long do you think that Vova can pretend that someone who controls Russia for 17 years and has wealth that medieval emperors could only dream of is not part of establishment?
to this my bisexual friend responded "so with this logic I can't be friends with anyone
Still, quite a lot of people don't go, there are official statistics somewhere
perhaps you are a little too harsh, being proud and like ones culture and heritage is not so empty as you described it
came here for the hook&rib
This is pathetic and hillarious at the same time.
Wasn't it once or twice burned by a tourist who thought they were suppose to burn the goat?
> ť - I don't really know how to write it phonetically
I don't think we are, I would say Poland is.
Excuse me, how can you eat a month for 100€-200€ in Norway
I hope we don't lag behind Poland, and Slovakia.
Yeah, a similar thing to that "hrad" situation happens to Slovaks with Polish, a shit ton of words sound almost the same but have different, sometimes opposite meanings
Čo si maďar - what are you hungarian , meaning if someone doesn't understand you
One of my closest friends is from Lučenec and he considers it the worst place in the world
Well, if you learn the history very superficially and focus on the worst parts, it definitely does give you a certain view, even though a very blurry one
me too lol
Possibly egg too
And also how does it work for countries like taiwan, northern cyprus, kosovo, transinistria, crimea etc
A lot of people don't realize how much had changed in the past 50 years, let alone in a century.
I hear the moment you enter Russia, you instantly get rammed off the road, thrown out of the car, beat up, robbed, raped, stabbed, shot in the head and thrown into the nearest river, all by Vladimir Putin himself.
EU to remove the obligation to show cookies warnings
I'm from the northwest, that's why I dislike the accent :D
also r/rimjob_steve
Wine is pretty good, yes
During WW2 the south was occupied by Hungary and a lot of people from Hungary moved in, since they thought it's gonna be Hungarian now (which was guaranteed by Hitler at the time)
We live happily ever after, as the whole Soviet sphere of influence did under Stalin
Bohemia was one of the most industrialised regions in Europe.
Turned out to be czech, for like 800 years
through the honest work, we starve never
it would be great to remember what other nation that was migrating to the land of milk and honey thousands of years ago actually did to nations that already lived there
"V riti" - Up an arse
From Slovakia
Your joke reminded me of another
And if you are a figure of respect, like a lawyer or a judge.
Turkish tried to do that and they found themselves in jails.
It is traditional Slovak cheese and it looks like a twisted ribbon.
In hockey I root for Czechs and for Finland
27, dish washer, construction worker and father of three.
Russia for
I take it , but imo , fast food is most likely fried on pan or in a deep frier , so , that's why
Same
Masaryk University in Brno
We had those as well during socialism, my grandma used to be one
That it is understood by the Hungarian minority, which is 10 percent of our population, is clear, but I hope you are not implying we are Hungarians.
Do they realse they can fly away to a different city
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of
All Hungarian parties merged into one before 1998 elections so they probably dropped the autonomy for easier coalition and cooperation.
Its just that Klaus and Mečiar wanted their own playground to steal from.
Its really a shame what happened to the east
Yes, but back then they were in coalition with unstable far-right parties.
Insert Gypsies
Besides, what they took is nothing compared to the lasting damage USSR did after turning my country into a de facto colony
That’s just strange, I mean I get it, but still, it’s a bit strange
I simply inform them that we are somewhere in geographical center of the Europe
my great-grandparents used hungarian to argue
It is truly one of the most evil things to ever be designed on this planet
Perhaps you could have stated that in the title of the post – that's quite important detail
Sometimes they have less European values with every generation.
Not once did I hear this, although I know all about it as I’m kind of a WW2 buff
Which is literally just cheese
The change must come from within.
the tart is so sad :(
So for Slovak it is:
And now, lets take the prayer at National prayer dinner (PS: the fuck is that anyway?)
We also get lot of Austrian, German tourists that come here for that
It played during my graduation party
Made me gigle thinking of your president
For example even tho I am all the way from Trenčín, I sometimes find myself shop there
I think there was an immigration of Croats into Slovakia in the former Kingdom of Hungary
And before than we had some celts I think
Yeah, also in slovak language, district city Nové Zámky (New Castle)
Strange, I though slavic languages used *mesiac* for both
So what's resulting in Luxembourg recieving as much money as Sweden and Slovakia?
I did precisely the same, for some reason I love military marches (be it German ones, French, Russian, Polish, Romanian)
He wasn't a nazi in conviction, he wasn't as radical as other people in the gover ment at that time (like Vojtech Tuka) and probably allowed attrocities so he doesn't get replaced for someone much more radical who would go out of their way to commit attrocities, as opposed to the "required" ones (we were forces to be a German ally at that time)
Slovakia is not an island somewhere far away where its easy to close the borders down
Like bartenders giving us higher tabs, people making us pay for their meals and stuff
Lots of my peers had their wedding in a church and I know people who regularly visit the church, I will add though, even as I was a kid, it was never an issue to be an atheist as there was always the option to freely choose between ethics classes and religion classes in elementary school.
bullshit it took you half a minute
If ya want some boring generic name Slovenský Kraj literally means Slovak Region, luckily that's the only one I can think about
I’m not from Vienna but been there a couple of times since I live in nearby Bratislava, when I think Vienna I think Schonbrunn, Prater, Rathaus, Opera House, ... This the first time I’m hearing about that cathedral
Compared to that, Czechs had different story
For the next time I recommend seeing Oravsky Podzamok (60km from Zilina), High Tatras (a must), castle in Trencin and Beckov castle
Peugeot and Citroen cant stay equal because they are not such even at this very moment.
Afaik there is an EU wide law requiring restaurants to provide tap water for free
Czechia was in the sphere of HRE, Slovakia in the sphere of Hungary.
I think Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia and the Baltic States are part of the West, but Romania and Bulgaria aren't, even Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Albania, Kosovo, Macedonia and Turkey aren't part of the West.
I do enjoy the border bluriness though
Yeah, I mean, even in Slovakia, you'll find every village in the mountains to have a sightly different dialect
Man these will be like 60° C when it's warm
I meant in comparison to countries like Hungary and Slovakia.
And fines is like 30k €, Which is fucking ridiculous as it would made all drones no usable, for media, videos clips anything,
It's quite unfair to compare such a fringe situation with Turkey to common trade deals between countries and blocs.
No point searching in Slovak for anything
Just cause we hate what Putin and his cronies are doing doesn't mean we hate all Russians
**Exploited, Oi polloi
Considering there is cca
This is new technology for 3D monitors!
I think this one is yet another level.
>...Slovak government basically ignores this and it’s not even taught in history classes
Well, you know what they say - society grows when old men plant trees whose shade they know they will never enjoy
EU got involved because the internal EU market was being damaged by Irish agreement with the Apple.
lmfao that's genius
The ones in power see they couldn't stop up, now they try to scare us
If health is out of the equation, then I would probably be smuggling stuff across the Austrian - Hungarian border, as I was born in a town notorious for it, lying at the border of Slovakia (then part of Hungary) and Austria
I dont want to sound mean or anything, but you seem like an american, meaning - falling for great chants, not to care any deeper
Please czechs,man up,we can't let this happen.
It's better when they prefer Slovak media, since it's less biased (less than in Hungary), but since people don't speak Slovak well, they rather prefer Hungarian stuff
I would love to see European Union truly united and separated into truly culturally-based subregions which would have equal footing
I wouldn't consider him a hero
I am in Bulgaria at the moment and every single model of Peugeot is more expansive compared to its alternative in Citroen.
> I dont see any good reason to have months named differently then rest of the world
No we don't.
Not only speaking freely, the whole culture gets screwed and twisted
Smog is dangerous air pollutant killing people and I am pretty sure no liberal democracy is allowing (private) cars on a smog-y day to worse air and kill even more people.
If you are abstinent and don't drink during some social event, lot of people make fun of you, that you are "weak" or "weird".
I need to do better
They were hit extremely hard with SARS outbreak few years ago
Universities are Slovak primarily, but you can opt in to take some degrees in some unis in English, but this usually carries a paid tuition, unlike the free Slovak option
Currently running rampant in Czech TV too..
Also DCC is still offered sometimes even if you use Revolut
The whole June it was just raining and raining
We are talking about mainstream and mass produced beer
While mostly true, - *umy sa
I disagree, why should member states give even more power to EU.
It is the antislovak propaganda
And funky, but much better then expected haha, i was expecting something like [this] or [this]
The people have chosen
Slovakia too
Slovak version of Sagrada Familia
But by i/y you know, if you are talking in singular or plural
Eastern Europe is too often confused with the Eastern bloc.
Everything behind Hungary / Slovakia / Poland /Croatia / the Baltics is at least as poor as the poor parts of Turkey if not worse.
Romania will also catch up, but never in 20 years.
And during my great-grandfather childhool, nearly third of male population was dragged on fronts for the glory of the emperor who sat in Vienna, with nearly half of them running away and than fighting their way all through Russia to Pacific.
I have a good job with good benefits, yet I still paid around $5,000 for an emergency room visit
will cost the same i whole Europe
Dynamo, Photographic objective, helicopter, damn I'm surprised how many cool stuff was invented by people of Slovak origin
But we definitely could do with less stag parties in Bratislava
Slovakia has a mint (Kremnica), operating since 1328
Perfect
Ours parliament is separated to three groups
Saving your comment, I love underground/unpopular bands
Fucking bribed morons
The low quality products are being labeled the same way as their high quality counterpart.
And with the rise of status of geeks - when they got good paying jobs as software engineers and so on - this type of fashion somehow also got elevated in status
It's not that empty anymore
What’s with Germany
I did enjoy the city in its own right, I will absolutely come back
There is also plenty of communist barracks, but they have very good public transport
So by the same logic we should install solar panels at the bottom of the ocean because a huge amount of land is covered in ocean.
Oh damn
Mistakes of status quo is what brought us here.
So then yes, I had veggie pasty which I liked and lot of jacket potatoes
That there was some mummy of a Slavic beauty found in Russia dated a million years back
EU and NATO gives small and otherwise insignificant countries such us mine, security for the future, now we dont have to look behind our backs, and can focus on boosting our economy upwards
Poland, Germany, Greece, Slovakia, Denmark, Belgium, Holland, Albania.
Pls no
the only one I heard of is the "basically czechs" thing.
If you think of biden as some kind of Messiah, you are going to be disappointed
Even Chinese could be okay, but people would be way more suspicious
However, if you were waiting someone arriving (like at an airport) or saying farewel for a longer time, a handshake is more common
She came home, lit a smoke, finished it and left unfinished pack at balcony which sits there ever since.
Well, 10 thousand dead people in Ukraine would beg to differ.
I had a chance to listen to Mustafa Dzhemilev, a long-standing Crimean Tatar activist dating back to the Soviet times and a Sakharov prize candidate, and ask him some questions.
Lots of people in those expensive looking houses barbequing and just chilling with a beer looking at the sea
It's really strange seeing those kids just being kids and curious about that camera.
dobrí = good plural
Maybe some centuries earlier yes, but now  we're too different for it to be just "dialects".
Some things are hard to make a reliable poll about because it's an extremely difficult, life changing decision where voters themselves may be unsure about whenever their decision is right.
In Bratislava there have literally only been 2 days that it snowed
Is there any argument
I mean
Also not sure if the whole Slovakia does that or just my gymnasium, but each year after their pre-graduation party the soon-to-be graduates would walk around school and go into other classes, sing Gaudeamus Igitur and throw candies
It just led to raise of a strong opposition and separatism movements in regions with minorities and that led into dissolvement of the monarchy post-WW1
If I go to Austria, I have no advantage even though Orange operates there.
And all he said is that he didn't do anything wrong
The area is protected now, also because of the unique flora and fauna, so one should be careful there
We want to live in a country like that and a lot of people look up to you with regards to all this
We shouldnt really be surprised.
Gracias por la recomendación:)
Well, when was Slovakia named "Slovakia" before 1992?
We don´t give Slovenia any hard time anymore.
I am sorry housing is getting so unaffordable for most of you, although it is interesting for me to see, how real estates retain some value, when money is becoming worthless, which is partly why I was asking
Could it be geezers in the pub were wrong about this
Shame I just found out when it’s almost over :(
Strangely, there is no English Wikipedia article on this
Would you be interested in more of our exports
Slovakia has great smaller towns & nature, but Bratislava is pretty meh.
I can smell the chimney cakes...
Why play games
My class was 30 lol
You end up paying 39.6% of your income in taxes (before other deductibles) and see nothing for it - healthcare?
Greece has very low percentage of such people from muslim countries.
We call it kel here and I especially dislike small variant called ružičkový kel
simple, depends on the place and country, usually if you take a wrong rural road you end up in a different country, if you go by a big road they just ask you for passport and let you go within a minute
Kingdom of Bohemia (Czechs) was autonomous kingdom within Holy Roman Empire till 1806, when it became part of the Habsburg Austrian Empire.
Look at French-British decisions to go to Libya (there were more reasons, but Qatar was one of them)
But toiletpaper
Just those I expect fewer people to know
By default, education is in Slovak only, but it is not a requirement at all levels
Unless we play against each other
But it must feel more "exotic" to Poles
French
yeah Hungary was invaded with "refugees" like greece or italy.
Unbearably
In Slovakia English is mandatory and then you choose between German and Russian
Though, you can't use this (mostly, this language is full of rules that have zillion exceptions) on words that already end with the suffixes in their main form
I remember there was one (obviously American) movie in which terrorists have stolen top secret chemical weapon from Slovak military base and then kidnapped a train, I was almost laughing on how far away from reality that movie was
Edit: actually samos empire would be above germany and russia, wery proud about that
Ukraine for showing us shit could be a lot worse :)
(basic human needs) will be fully automated and very cheap to produce
No worries, I was just joking
At least in Czech Republic and Slovakia
* notebook (laptop) - this is a fun one because we took an actual English world but used it for a different thing than it's used in English
The people could have given votes to the pro-Yanukovich/pro-Russian politicians, but as far as I know instead they gave most of their votes to pro-EU politicians, therefor "validating" the change in power.
But many a times it happened that I went to a party with my two bottles of Jack, 20 euros each, only to have them drank within two ours, me still sober and having to finish myself with some shitty ass French liquor and home made 50% slivovica, which meant I was mixing my spirits, resulting in my untimely puking into a bus station bin at 5AM to the horror of onlooking commuters, kurva piče to bola noc
I know it aired but I don't recall seeing it as a child.
Czech and Slovak are clearly two different languages, just very similar
They also tend to start fights and encountering a foreigner with the same attitude won't and don't end up well
right
Or Hungarians and other Hungarians
So Santa is actually Hungarian and is greeting everyone with "Snow, snow, snow
It is even unfriendly to colorblind
What he is doing long-term seems really smart, he is focusing on whole campaign and not just the next day.
>someone less controversial, who isn't an active member of a particular political party and gives the people a sense of unity and wisdom (at least in theory)
I am quite disappointed by this comment
It never will no matter if it is a good idea or a bad one
Kosovo) towards Slovenia and Hungary.
May the paws and purrs be with you as we finally get hold of all the resources of humankind and unite all survivors into one entity
Isn't this kind of rude anywhere
Slovakia is not an island somewhere far away where its easy to close the borders down
solve overpopulation where
Bilbao, i want to go there on EURO 2021, even though probably won't, i know that it's quite far future but i doubt that i will go somewhere else until that time lol
But there, no cafes
Cursive is taught in schools here and elementary school students are required to use it.
Therefore, I cannot really continue to support Blizzard and I'll fully support the Hong Kong protesters instead
not only CNN but also many other less know media post fake news like this...
You would think that because most people order from Amazon and such it would be more secure
E.g. I studied abroad one year and I extended my study period by 1 year because of it, the fee was completely forgiven by the university
Also Vihreät kuulat, although that might be just r/suomi
At the time when they decide to live on their own (either from their own will or due to e.g. work in different city) or when they are kicked out of the parents' house
I don't really understand the meaning of your comment
And what are the cost of living
It has nothing to do with Poland and Hungary, or their current governments
During my life I've often visited two towns where the population is decreasing rapidly (about 15 % in 20 years)
When you wanted a bar you had to go to a alleyway nearby
Goes for the fish too
Awesome professors, interesting classes and the city itself is incredibly international
I like to think Slovakian Brexit would be called...
Oh I need a break like this from time to time from other subreddits whre 90 % of stuff is some weird American non-sense that isn't a problem in my country whatsoever
), not plastic bags
Nobody canna cross it
Its a shame since I think that general manager did a stellar work there.
man, I wish
We say the same about people who study useless majors
Slovaks wanted to write the name with a hyphen (Česko-Slovensko)
Bruh that socialism thing was a joke
Some people that know history could be angry, but overall people here glorify germans as the hardest workers on the planet earth and say that everything made in Germany is top quality
If not, why
3% for Russia
How usefull are (other than English) foreign languages in your country?
probably that friday night bag of SLOVAKIA chips, which are in reality made in Czech Fucking Republic
Oh man, I hate that shit
were already more developed than Romania during communism, but Poland was at about the same level.
Chzechia is an english word, transcribed to english
They just used their shower, bathtub was taken by the carp :)
“Schovaný, neschovaný, idem
Then Bulgaria, Ukraine, Lithuania, Serbia and BiH.
I'll leave the comment stand anyway
But doesn't it make more sense the way we do it
Just keep tank at half so it won't sneak into another state
I'm sad for both of you
Because Minsk 1 ended with RUS army and proxies mounting attack on Debaltseve and airport.
E.g. getting your university card (entitling you to free travels by trains within Slovakia and several other discounts)
Didnt the revolution cause the split of austria into austria-hungary
We've already got experience with such issues.
ARTICLE 1
Several attempts were made, most notably based on Bratislavian dialect, but it wasn't until a guy from central Slovakia came up with a language that everyone understood and agreed upon.
Moreover, there's no omnipresent colloquial variant (even though some features like Ľ>L are widespread)
It's a completely different show then.
Doesn't every country shit on their capital?
I'm traveling by car between Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic, and Germany this May.
"Travel in Slovakia - Good idea"
The land on which your foot want to step,
Mostly because lot of people kinda put them into the victim category
We call it "bag of potatoes" over here
Bet the guy is now thinking that he should've nicked the swordfish and beat him with that, instead of the extinguisher
People bring their own bedsheets etc
you know you officially renamed yourselves to Czechia couple years back, right
Portable AC is still expensive and for reasons I'm not going to go into rn I can't really have it
I think we would also give you some mountain up to 1000 m.
I know, i just meant you had already 2nd or 3rd generation Albanians that came to work in yugo times
UK is important but not that much important to EU to warrant giving it stuff for free, especially when taking a firm stance is beneficial to both the economy and future politics of EU.
Tallinn-Helsinki undersea tunnel, Fehmarn Belt fixed link, Messina bridge, Adriatic-Ioannic highway
(As a Nordic, I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end...) It is Slovakia that has 10 languages, and Hungary that has 15 languages with 1 being in trouble:
Doctors and nurses are running away to Czechia or Germany for better work environment and so on
From war with rag-tag ukrainian volunteers they were returning in bodybags.
Are you telling me that Bill isn't short for Billiam
The Polish practically gave Stalin no choice but to enslave their nation by refusing to be enslaved
Not even kidding, I saw many times that people (especially organizers) act as if Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine are just counties of Hungary.
In my view, thats way better scenario than in germany
The most notable part of it is [Sky Park by Zaha Hadid] which is almost done right now
And even when it is illegal, no one ever was punished and can't really be, unless it is going to be someone who makes money or of it
/pol/ did this because this screencap from /pol/ with today's date says so
If you corner it, it will fuck you up
As contrary to my current SO who could not careless if I talk or stare at him while on the toilet
Definitely
You have no problem to lie to someone just to deliver your 'message'.
And it probably was kc dunaj
Poland and Hungary
Sent by Slavic tribe, from the famous council,
And that is why we love you, Slovakia.
It's not as crowded as the main island, locals are more genuine, beaches are almost deserted in September and the whole island gives you an impression of time going slow.
I was 28 y.o. when I was first explained, by an American, where does the word "beťár", meaning a trickster, come from
as some other people already wrote here, it's super nice of them if they can actually carry on a conversation (even a simple one), but it's super annoying if they can only say a few words and push it and then you don't understand each other at all, like the types that walk around with a phrasebook and just read stuff from there, mispronounce everything (obviously) and you have no idea what they're trying to say, which wouldn't be a problem if they spoke English instead
Well, at least we got over the pan-slavism.
This applies to the dishonest ones of course
You should keep away from the terror targets like France, UK, Germany.
*Saxon noises*
Also Štúrovo/Esztergom, right
They are connected mostly to Austrian Hungarian empire, then to our ehm fight with Austrian Hungarian empire, you know the place we spend hundreds of years with
I saw the headline and immediately recognized the country haha
You mean "supreme monarch with virtually unlimited power, to rule the Russian serfs until the heat death of the universe, being a half-cyborg half-demigod, like the emperor of man".
Meanwhile in Bratislava, Slovakia
I, personally, don’t understand Ukrainians, but when it comes to Russian, I could probably get by with a really simple conversation
What do you think which cities in Europe are real success in integration of immigrants and people from all over the world to their majority indigenous population and between different foreign cultures in that city to live in peace side by side.
If the polls were done by a credible institution and showed over 60% support for joining Russia, it is still within that margin of error.
But given that we are single market, 28 different trade deals with eg China would not be sustainable.
It's public space
I mean it could happen but I dont think that the difference in prices would be so high.
) because Sulík 'wasn't listening to his orders'. This was the lat drop I guess
If you have large communities you have ghettos and failed integration and radical islam has chance to grow.
You can't be open to other cultures if you don't know them.
Not a whole lot to do, and there are much more lovely places outside of Bratislava in Slovakia.
Poland with higher number than Slovakia is more interesting than difference between Czech and Slovak.
Obviously, you need to have either a prepaid card or a ticket for X minutes
Honestly
If brexit taught us anything, that's a rock-solid majority, stable enough to be the cornerstone of basically everything in the future
BTW, I remember drinking in a different bar in Italy, in Turin, where I had a pretty good English conversation with the patrons, but the drunkest one of them clearly called me a Mongol in Italian at one point in front of his buddies, assuming I won't notice, thus he instantly proved himself wrong
Germans
And then the nordid sounding names as Einar, Jengwar
There is a love for skiing here
Doing that could help to make the healthcare more affordable even without government funding
Luckily for you, there were such old men in The Netherlands a generation or two ago
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
Would definitely explain Slovakia, especially if the people considered Czech "foreign"
Sir, how are you finding life in the US
Im really upset on the fact that some bright mind came with the idea of assasinating him
(the task performed in a way different than the one expected) < a Mongol
Actually, we're one of their [favourites]#Voting_history).
Your stereotype on us is pretty accurate as well (let's hope we'll move past the xenophobe part, of course).
There is some roman writing on the wall of the rock upon which the medieval lords of this area build a beautiful castle
Sami ste si ho zvolili, nesťažujte sa
I haven’t seen this much snow in Slovakia since
but that has NOTHING to do with communism
After WW2 there was a resettlement of the "additional" people that came in, but the situation got complicated and after an agreement with Hungary, they were allowed to stay
I will also follow up with the request to see my personal data they store
This is the most idiotic position you can have, but you are not alone also austrian minister had this stupid rhetoric.
Ice Hokey for us, even though violence is way less common than for football
Nesca - short for Nescafe meaning any instant
It is not specific Poles really.
Yeah, Polish is probably closer to Russian than Czech and Slovak are, we're already transitioning into more Germanic-influenced speech (like sounding like robots instead of singing while talking) and Standard Slovak also has many South Slavic features
I think it´s the same like those who were not born or raised here.
And as a daily driver its just oversized SUV without a trunk, so you dont have a place for your weekly groceries, unless you transport them in the back
European economies are one of the strongest in world.
I mean yeah, first true king od Great Moravia, expanded his realm to its greatest extend and he did beat just about every neighbor, he even has a statue in front of Bratislava castle
But we also have many from our past with the Austrians and Hungarians (Maria Theresa and Joseph II
Hopefully it will be better in Romania, for us in Slovakia it's really hard now, we will have elections in a month and the govenment parties have a decline but a lot of the votes for them moved to the neonazis (actualy neonazis, I don't use such terms lightly) who have no programme at all, are grossly incompetent and lazy as hell (based on their parliamentary activities throughout the last 4 years)
I do have to suggest the larger cities for English speakers.
I usually go by UN languages
This case is like Nikola Tesla 2: Literature Boogaloo
Yeah, but I don't care
Budapešť, so soft s (š - sh) and soft t (ť - I don't really know how to write it phonetically)
How do you want explain recent gans like hispanic or Asian OC groups like Chinese and Vietnsmese.
If you are a EU citizen, you can run for EP in another EU country if you reside there.
Absolutely
A couple of years back, when I was a student, they passed a law that every classroom must display the national flag and the anthem, to "increase national awareness in the youth". I thought it was pathetic
Collect your internet points
And the list goes on
Fastforward to 19th century, we have Slovak national awakening with many writers who improved the Slovak language to more or less the form that we have now
Also known as Morena/Morana in other countries, she's kind off like a slavic goddes of death
You could exchange Slovenia and Slovakia's flag in this post and no one would even notice!
I dont like friend fish
The Shop on Main Street
Then after Czechoslovakia was over we had a peaceful "divorce". I sometimes fantasize how would Czechoslovakia look like in the present
Those are some nice delusions you have there.
But we love to drink bottled sparkling mineral water
Lately I caught myself pronouncing some d's in certain words like an Indian, since I have Indian coworkers
Simply put, people often don't give a flying fuck about certain things and love to live in their little bubble, but this is a problem not exclusive to only Slovakia
But more like
But in hockey I cheer for finns
And nothing of value is lost
Thank you for electing communists after WW2, those 40 years were enjoyable
Then I realized the card reader thing is only next to the driver
I like how they adhere to traffic rules even without supervision.
Economy was at the root of most of our disagreements during both periods of Czechoslovakia's existence, not just pure nationalist sentiments.
A lot of Hungarians here watch and read Hungarian media, but those interested in domestic issues will certainly prefer Slovak media
At least after the British referendum our prime minister toned down the EU scapegoating by a lot and spoke in the support of EU.
Are you from Brno by any chance
netherlands are being overrun by uncontrolled immigration and anyone who speaks against it is branded racist and fascist, and since political elites are untoughable nowadays and public speaking will only earn you negative brand marks, people will take out their thrustration on migrants and they will be more likely to be mistrusting them
And as you can see, the damage was quite high.
It is not exactly collinear
probably that friday night bag of SLOVAKIA chips, which are in reality made in Czech Fucking Republic
How so
so I had to do a walk of shame
Esztergom, that's a pretty town
I'm still not used to it
^Don't ^worry, ^I'll ^show ^myself ^out
just off the top of my head
But European states have law and international treaties that prohibit that.
We are Central Europe :D If you start calling Slovakia an eastern european country in Bratislava, in a bar, pub or club, we will get angry
Yes, our clown(in a middle of a cabinet crisis) was there too
Únos (2017)
There's really only two kinds of people I dislike
But it might be a good place to move in after 50 or so years, who knows.
[rohlík] a long bread roll you can buy anywhere in Slovakia, Czech republic and Hungary but basically nowhere outside of those countries, which is horrible, because it costs less than 10 cents and is perfect for sandwiches
Ah, comparing people supporting Trump to people being abusive.
Some people in slovakia dont understand how convenient it is
I hope for the sake of our planet you are not one of the people drinking bottled water
This does not look very safe from the covid side of things
It aint a sporting race, its a politics.
Compilations of 100 castles/forts/palaces from Poland, France, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Scandinavia, Swiss, Austria, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and Czech
But usually Hungarian sounding names (Andráši) or full on Hungarian ones (Bugár, Világi, Kovács, Andrássy, Katona) are from the south, where we’ve got the highest population of Hungarians
I would not touch shit there
Never really had a problem
Also could never ever barge on him doing his business
But they become wildly different only after you enter another cultural area
Just these resorts are meh
Debt relief was nearly done deal before Austin Powers, I mean Varoufakis, came riding on him motorcycle and in few weeks made population of countries creditors hate his guts.
My husband of 5 years (been together for 9) suddenly becomes my room mate
Probably the Slavic language I understood best (in written form), after Macedonian.
This whole circus reminds me one episode of South park when Canada went on strike
The low quality product is neither cheaper nor is it adjusted to the "needs" of the market it is being sold to in any way, shape or form.
Yes Taiwan is an independent country and we love to have some more cooperation with them
Majority of out traditions are not in any way connected to Russians
First thing my erasmus friends usually did was to buy a heater
There is even book and a movie about it, called [the Rift] One of the better slovak horrors
Oh wow
From 3230 or so only 15 or so where missing in reality (even from those maybe half was missing thanks to parrents ,, abduction,,) that is why i am saying it is non existing problem.
And thats why I like Germany
Unlike half-moon, Sun also is a star
Slovakian plates not that common anymore
Half of the nation was killed in the Tatarian invasion, Germans were invited from the West, other tribes from the East, and we also had slavic in the Basin, Romanians, then Turks.
Its much easier to contain people inside a country that is locked in by the ocean
Also many people worked, lived and studied in multicultural cities of western Europe and in 95% cases they say they are happy with slovak cities, mostly girls when came back were really happy they feel much safer here in the night and so on.
the people who support those values are a minority.
Nationalism is only good as an excuse for war
And yes, glasgow and london have stabbings, but how is it relevant
I wouldn't call their situation as "pretending to be a victim" either tho
Let alone a Lada
That there is a huge conspiracy of Germanic people to destroy or enslave Slavs within the EU and that the Russia is the only solution
Yeah I realized that when i saw that dinya isn't pumkin but watermelon
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
Isn't it cheaper to drive some sedan, and rent truck/van when needed
We have like 200 castles
but it prolly was low effort lol
If leaving the free trade zone will cost them more than 50 billion pounds which it will most likely quickly surpass, then paying those 50 billion is a great deal.
I answer the calls of my friends and family with "čau / ahoj / nazdar / serus" (hi), sometimes with "áno" as well
Who shot down MH17 using what equipment
So where is Porche from
Hitler didnt brought UK down
[Obligatory]
) - ďakujete
This is a typical american Black/White attitude - either hardcore capitalism, or communism - nothing in between
Monarchs are one of them
When you wanted a bar you had to go to a alleyway nearby
You voted for Brexit, so now you're English
If in general, we sometimes joke about them being actually Hungarian.
We are “the voice of reason” in the Central Europe
Yes, but that process of "unification" is 25 years old.
Also, I used to have a username Sir d'Emental or Sir de Mental  in online games
No one knows when it appeared first time, nor what was original meaning and symbolism.
Government officials as president Jozef Tiso, ministers, leading party members, etc
I don't want my language to survive
The homemade lemonades are really popular jn Bratislava and cities
But I haven't been to polish side in years, gotta change it soon
Your drinking only kills your own liver.
I am also a czech citizen
They speak it because its most convenient.
When I went to Paris I’ve tried speaking French couple of times, people understood me and replied in french and I couldn’t understood a word they were saying
Mind sharing where you got the data for that
It made no sense to split and it was undemocratic.
Nope
Reminds me of [Japanese scientists who made steak out of the poop
The other people probably not
We are famous !!
What sort of fairy land it this
Well harsh reality of Slovakia
es, the country was poor in nominal terms, but life was quite good for the "average", certainly better than it is now, which these people realised only later.
no way
full industralisation happened there after WWII.
Also of course depends really easy at university where people studied the subject than pub talk
these are like classics lol
Not from romania but screw corruption anyway
But it is not about job opportinity, rather their incompetence to learn English or Finnish(to be honest have no idea how much time they spend learning Finnish or English and if you speak about people who are in Finland 2 years or more or guys who are there 2 weeks)
Slovakia and the Czech lands did not have a “shared history” until 1918
I dont understand the whole concept
You kinda already did
&#x200B;
[This is a response ad from the Liberals.]
The war of Charles I. against the highlords of Hungary (Matthew Csak, Amade Aba and the rest)
Many people were just catholic on the paper, because it was kind of expected from you during A-H monarchy.
I don't see any blue countries.
I blew my mind when they told me that outside of Greek independence it didn't really happen, and that some Turkish Greeks still consider themselves Romans.
I like the vampire theory better, I think I will stick with it.
please, do your beast from your high seat in thr UK, you sure do know best
* byte (in the **house**)
E.g. in Slovakia the state of hospitals is alarming
And what’s stopping you
I have a Serbian friend who is very nationalistic and a huge fan of panslavism and keeps acting all like "yes we are both slavs we're the best" and stuff, I generally don't give a damn.
Why would you give the area to Slovakia, who clearly don't have any idea how to treat minorities?
Glad to see that zhe US cares a little about us, although I know it's just a gesture of politness from Obama, but still.
My brother used to have hundreds of sets, I never looked at prices since I was a kid back then too
Very popular
By this merit, many times were shitty times
It depends
Just not in the winter
Le Pen is a one trick pony, and this may be a one trick election.
> our constitution
>Even 50% is more than half a million Hungarian speakers
[Most of Eastern Slovakia is Greek Catholic, not Orthodox]
And again the ignorance is showing.
But it sucks they wotn pay you for all the work
law
It really depends on how you're willing to perceive it - from the scientific, biological-evolutionary point, or from the point of a person who is outraged by words
Mine has changed very much, to the point that I can no longer listen to some new pop songs, which is a bummer because then I am no longer able to dance on them on the parties
If I recall correctly - not at all
I learned to ignore the messages very easily
Non-EU markets might be also good for investments, who knows.
Yep, it's Hungarian
i mean very strong as including some medicine - from the pharmacy
I can imagine one of them walking out of that tesco with empty shelves, then seeing the orange-white police car and must have thought: fuck this shit, I am out of here
I just recently started watching his videos
I honestly have big problem with winters, all this cold weather, being dressed like an astronaut, always dark
You forgot the mexico on your map
> We shared most of our history together, like we were one state longer than we were sepparated
Slovaks were treated differently due to a [magyarization] in Hungarian part
Because: Bjork, Sigur Rós, Ásgeir, Ólafur Arnalds
They already have them
Group A and C are racing for votes while Group B is just trying to survive
I suspect their options are pretty limited
It's already Slovak anyway
Its actually Slovenian (could be Slovakian as well idk)
Apparently Slovakia farms edible frogs but I haven't seen any anywhere
(2) The Slovak Republic acknowledges and adheres to general rules of
I see how it is
Anything with liver in it
My most favorite language is probably Polish, but I also really like Czech, Russian, English (especially Scottish dialect), Korean and Japanese
At least in Slovakia and Czech republic.
Dude I feel you, guess the skialp season is over
Very popular
But still, the beer is my nostalgia
Yea sadly there is 0 talk about this here
I don't says that RC is perfect, But I'more for slovakia lean closer to RC
If Peter the Hobo knew how to spell lairs you would have more karma.
So in this case, its best to listen to EE diplomats of countries who have good relations with Serbia about how to approach this problem.
Or basically everywhere outside capital to be honest
And what fucking subject
I guess name is the only thing that defines country and people, by that logic you don't count those years where on maps you were called "Ottoman Empire" as you history, am I correct?
When you drink, its because you are thirsty, either for sustenance or for experiences
Now that I have returned, I wanted to check the news despite the Day without politicians.
Sorry, then
Also it can mean that you have a lot of work (mam pokokot roboty)
Banning him for a whole year
said the Eastern German
Interesting fact, Slovakia is the only EU nation without official Mosque, also islam is not officialy recognised as religion and we never had islam terrorists here
*(I know you have good relationship with Poles, but we are kinda in a way
But Japanese companies in europe make great use of their translators
I hope, they will fignt for their rights and resist until building the pipeline through territory of Ukraine, Romania, Bulgary, Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Czechia, Poland and finally Germany.
When being abroad I always find it hard to not answer "How are you
then its Win win situation
For example, Czech republic follows Germany in everything and would be grouped into BalkanEast, same thing probably goes for Slovakia and maybe Hungary and Poland.
Shanghai Noon with Jackie Chan was translated as "Once upon a Time in the East". It was impossible to pun on High Noon in Slovak, but I think they did their best
The entire Eastern part
Add to the fact that since 1973 treaties were changed (namely Lisbon treaty was added) so answer might not be that simple as you want it to be.
no one gives slovakia enough love
Moreover, there's no omnipresent colloquial variant (even though some features like Ľ>L are widespread)
Thats a very British looking and sounding Dane
Also nearly all referendums have horrible attendance + the questions are usually constructed in a way that makes the "desired" conservative option "Yes" and the progressive option "No".
Oh boy, I still remember seeing the first Earth, my attitude changed from "oh, another documentary I basically saw already, ctrl+c and ctrl+v" to "waaaaaaaaaat???!!!!"
I agree
In the worst case scenario it will at least open the market to the things we wont be able to get from you.
Southern and eastern Moravia is religious, so they tend to be more homophobic there.
UK, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, Monaco, Vatican, San Marino, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechenstein, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Part of Turkey, Part of Russia, Romania, Malta, Moldova, Belarus, Cyprus, Portugal, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
cough on him
Kind of a bad taste to merge Slovakia with Hungary
Slovakia
However both countries are really different from cultural, political and historical perspective and that could make a new subreddit.
That's for sure one of the reasons we don't vote for Albanians either :P.
Geopolitical factors changed like 5x dramatically in that time of over hudred years.
Or was this first time
Cuties
Well it's a train, it has multiple doors
If I also count the countries I passed through, then it's: Hungary, Austria, Slovakia, Czechia, Croatia, Greece, Slovenia, Italy, Germany and the UK.
So easy and so nice
Yeah I would have actually supported the restoration of this funny "empire" so we can destroy it again with even greater territorial gains.
Its just another language
It worked only with mobile internet and you got a basic package of, say, 1GB data and operator offfered these packages of social networks or whatever as extra for extra charge
Probably part that, and part first-hand experience.
They move quite fast, You know.
Well, that looks worse than here
it just doesnt work for me personally
Apparently some things arent spread that much, but I swear my friend has seen this Russian family on vacation with them and everytime they had to speak in front of strangers just switched to German and really tried their best to accomplish that.
Also, look at the Czech Republic and Slovakia, which used to be one country.
That is basically position of next to all french politicians.
I looked it up and it's terrifying that it was still used in 1974
Sorry but this is complete nonsense.
which are IMO the biggest deal of all this
I just want a common European Army already so that they can all get out
If you haven't noticed I also said that this guy is most likely and nazi, my personal opinion is that people like that should be sent in front of a firing squad
That makes three
We still keep this tradition alive.
Ah, Amazon
Basically that any progressive idea is seen as Soros paying people to spread his agenda
Or in the school books
Then after Czechoslovakia was over we had a peaceful "divorce". I sometimes fantasize how would Czechoslovakia look like in the present
Mosul is their most important city.
It is not tied to any ideology or religion
Its politics, its about stabing someone in the back but looking good while doing it, just because its international it doesnt change.
Hi, my name is John
Is he using 12th century principalities as the precusor?
Well I was agreeing with you because actually sexual assault is classified as rape in sweden for some reason but then you took a bad turn so now im conflicted.
Totally
The only capital in EU wo metro (if Im nit mistaken)
For a single person it's bearable to live like this, but for starting a family that is very bad, unless you want to live in a shoe box and raise a kid in a shoe box with constant worry that if one of the parents loses their job they will be homeless.
have a turnip, Baldrick
But why is there the flag of Finland (?) strapped to the bicycle
And we were teaching teacher
My grandma was Slovakian but she always cursed in Hungarian :-)
Since you would be dead you would hardly care.
In everyday life nobody is using words like 'equivocal'. In daily life the 'for hundred' thing is less than 80
Its a blessed land, thank to Lord in heavens,
Embracing them both in one being"
No worries:)
Interesting is the ratio of Slovaks-to-Hungarians in Dunajská Streda, a city in "the south" that is however close to Bratislava and quite representative of the whole area
2 of 3 parties in current gov used to be with Meciar in gov and now they are against him....yeah, right.
I mean, Wir schaffen das, right.
Together with Hungarians it formed Hungarian Kingdom in 1000 which was meant to be a strong kingdom housing various nationalities
It depends
It's actually Slovaks who consider GM their predecessor.
Hmm what is your price
Right
I guess economical invasion is easily overlooked due to no immediate casualties
I tend to say “Košice are the second biggest city in Slovakia”, as I would in Slovak, rather than Košice is
impossible
We know local ones are good
Do you mean the rich industrial powerhouse that was early 20th century Bohemia?
So its now a game of "I made a claim, but its other responsibility to prove its not BS"
How do you call the brach of government responsible for military
The reason was simply that their politicians in the 90s were focused on running the country not just filling their pockets.
Jala
To have master is injustice, to be one even bigger is
Ive never seen a stray dog
Each prediction varies in the output.
u/savevideo
One party doing x does not excuse and normalise other party doing x. Both are wrong and the US gets a lot of shit for its bullshit
If army (which was in shambles) augmented with NG (which just came into existence and like 99% had no military experience outside of conscription) would not stop it all in Sloviansk, is also one of them.
Me and my brother were huge fans of medieval warfare and medieval time in general as kids, so our mom took us to a lot of castles and castle ruins pretty often
Or rather Eastern Slovak
Otherwise you pay in cash for a one-time, weekly or monthly ticket
Other kids were taunting me about not being able to ride a bike
I spend a total of 2 weeks in Lviv.
Slavs, the Irish, Italians or Jews were not considered white in the early 20th century America.
Nah, we need to be called Slovenia
Greece, my goal is to save money to buy tiny house in Crete
The store owners complained that their customers or them can't easily park
I don't have any sources, but my friend is a historian and last time I asked him he said it went something like this:
title says : Slovakia adopts legislation to prevent Islam from becoming an **official religion**
Make the fines real
I mean of course that homophobia is not the standard mindset in the catholic community but its very wide spread.
Because no one expects english speakers to use "česko". But your native language uses different phonetical rules from english
Everybody should drive depending on their driving skill
I'll go with both to our brothers Czechs
besides that i find it outrageous
I always thought the revolution was a success for the hungarians (as we slovaks sided with austrians and were promised recognition and got nothing) but i guess if it really was a succes hungary would be completely independent
But that doesn't mean much
People would go nuts if they just cut them off from pirate media
You can't have one without the other.
Edit: also why is US so obsessed with pick-ups
PCs also make up ~90% compared to Macs, which are mostly used by hipsters, artists and designers
Phased out currently because no one gave a shit and no one wanted it
turkey, iran, middle asia, india, china
kladivo in Slovak -I feel like the 3 syllables somewhat take the punch away
Mostly regarding some totalitarian regimes
Regardless of that I think the USA is wealthy enough to make universal healthcare work and benefit from it
We call shitty romance novels "red library" because of the common cover color
Britain is best in creating problems that can be later solved with great sacrifice
I would love to teleport into the future and see "Crimes committed by capitalism". Oil wars, extreme poverty, people dying from preventable diseases because they can't afford healthcare, sweatshops, inhuman labor conditions and so on
I've been to a lot of them when I lived there
Well, it comes as no surprise to me, it’s probably the common history
I feel really weird because I personally don’t know anyone else who listens to it, but I am grateful that a fellow Reddit stranger does it as well
And your agreement is the argument of "because I love him
English without the Latin words is much better
Rural is better when you try to connect it to a different word…like juror
We require 3/5ths of MPs to vote for amending the constitution so politicians like to put random stuff there so that it’s not easy to overrule it with a simple majority (e.g. in 2014 the coalition joined with opposition catholic and conservative parties for a quid pro quo - judicial reform AND a definition of marriage as a bond between a single man and a single woman got pushed to constitution at the same time
Probably the weirdest ones are neonazis, with politicians with literally tattoed auschwitz over their whole chest, or swastikas
This is so pretty
) and
Your answer is just like from PR from those multinational companies - they always say different markets/customers preffer different taste - in the end we always end up with lower quality - o.k not always - in 95% cases.
People were genuinely surprised that such news even got out in Hungary
I thought it was some other slavic language
Russia has majority of people living in Europe, and has capital in Europe
yes Slovakia is a new country,we are not.
Yeah these are amazing
It surely weakened them beyond point of no return, but it might have been too late at Mantzikert (1071)
Because what is Hungary is about 5/6 of Hungarians, the rest is scattered around mostly in Slovakia and Romania.
You do realize when we speak about free movement we speak about EU migration(Norway, Switzerland, Iceland included).
North Macedonia for me is just a perfectly blank page
Similar in Slovak "Žalár národov" (žalár \[žal = žiaľ = big sadness; žalár - room of big sadness = prison\] is basically different name for temnica \[temný = dark; temnica = dark room = prison\], which is Slovak version of tamnica)
This is the fake news global warming
Not at all, Mr
There's also Velká Amerika (Huge America) which was named because of its resemblance to the Grand Canyon, another great place to hike.
Not common but most of people dont care bout other peoples hairstyles
I have seen those in Slovakia, in "commieblock" apartments
Same as Bulgaria was called Bulgaria in 681AD, Hungary called Hungary, Serbia called Serbia, Poland called Poland, England called England, etc.
There is no option to Assad and if you look at his policy before ,, rebellion,,, Syria was among safest countries in the world, among strongest economies in region with slow westernization of the country.
Hitchhiking or carshare is cheaper, however I did Interrail a year ago, I think you could get a tickets that was 14 days use in 21 days or some such and that was such a great experience going Denmark, Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Poland.
At one point, I could recite the Revelation of St
I do like some American expressions more (like chips instead of crisps) but I want and need to be consistent as a future translator
Ja, Oľga Hepnarová (2016) is good, but that is a French-Czech-Polish-Slovak coproduction
You've just been outside, youre bringing the shit from there back to your home wtf
I don't want to underestimate the issue, but the fact is, almost none of the radical opposers of immigration come into any immigrants at all.
" I was driving on the highway and near a major exit, traffic started to get heavy and suddenly lots of cars went to the right shoulder
A lot of people say ‘omg’ but don’t pronounce it the same way the English would, or ‘lol’ is quite popular and people literally say it in conversations, not just in text messages
The progress Czechia achieved is remarkable.
Like India, or any third world country with shitty labor laws
Even the letter itself has always been called/pronounced "iks".
I'm traveling and am looking for small treats to take with me and to taste myself.
In CEE we have bit of a trend of getting quickly tired of parties in power.
Here in Slovakia is Cuba the island everyone knows in Caribbean.
Yep Sátoraljaúhely/Slovenské Nové Mesto
Everybody shut the fuck up, clapped, world peace, you know the drill
Why there is any calling for complete revolution and total change of the only system we know works on a national scale
We're just going dark mode
If you can produce it on Moon cheaper then on Earth then OK, but lifting fuel from Earth, dropping it on Moon and then lifting it from Moon again does not make much sense.
To see how far can Prague spring go
That even makes it better for her, I think.
That not bad
We have Czechs
Also has a bad rep since a huge corrupt Slovak investment company built it
Those are pretty much all over Turkey, Arabic countries and South East asia
If leader is highly unpopular he/she wouldn t get most votes.
I saw the headline and immediately recognized the country haha
Eastern Europe looks favourably at USA for two reasons
Some people say that Slovak is the Slavic Esperanto which is kind of true prehaps but not when it comes to writing things down
[The vast majority of the country has no coverage.
Czechs had much better (but still not good tho) place in monarchy than e.g. Slovaks
Since you should carry your ID even if you're in your own home country, it really feels just like traveling from one region of Slovakia to another)
Nope, my horse was already appointed.
Now I know it almost as well as my home town
Other cities might be a bit more limited, but bigger cities will still offer some international options and sometimes even quite unique or unexpected ones (e.g. opened by some former foreigner who moved here)
Tory medias are trying to put this non-existential spin.
I have no idea
I wanted to say it's all about the interpretation of history and sticking to the facts
I love the famous statue, the buzz at the port, I hate the McDonalds in Joker shopping mall, love your new business district, the pedestrian zones near the bus terminal in city center, all the small little shops and streets full of life
Why would he split his resources with any other people
We barely have **any** grid in Bratislava.
I know my country is infamous for being intolerant, but I have yet to meet someone who has the slightest problem with Asians or Jews
It's not our fault you don't know better ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Those people are terribly disillusional
went to the Vasa museum while in Stockholm, it was amazing!!
Do you think they all wave US flags, eat US food, bow to US political/economic/military "suggestions" and accept US dollars for all their resources and shit cause their love for gawds own country is so true and strong?
Edit: Seems like the Czechs use it too
Didnt every country had this stickman euro coin
Oh reminds me of Slovakia in the '90, Mečiar as a strong national leader, who was could fill a stadium of cheering people during campaigns, state television run as a government propaganda channel, oppositions or everybody with any objections were national traitors and sell outs to the west, international critique and concerns were presented as an attack on our statehood and after we were left out from the talks to join the EU and NATO, he said we will focus to the east (russia)
Slovakia has a mint (Kremnica), operating since 1328
There really is no reason to be overly critical of it.
It may sound like a bit of a hassle, but it's essentially how EU has worked prior to the Maastricht Treaty and to an extent, until the Lisbon treaty was signed, so it wouldn't be any novelty.
You mean "supreme monarch with virtually unlimited power, to rule the Russian serfs until the heat death of the universe, being a half-cyborg half-demigod, like the emperor of man".
- a poem about a fictional event where a roman "czar" sets out to conquer pannonia
Interesting fact, Slovakia is the only EU nation without official Mosque, also islam is not officialy recognised as religion and we never had islam terrorists here
Well their position as key NATO naval base in northern Atlantic might have played a role
Wow, the no contract part actually scared me quite a bit
Great car and its understandable why people here love it.
(That is Health insurance & other types of safety nets that are common in the EU) Do you prefer the US model
Not jumping into fountains, not shouting at girls
Austrians in Vienna pay yearly less and they have great S-Bahn system.
That is sad
But we can't all live in Monaco like athletes do
*ahem* H U N G A R Y
There are parts where only Hungarian live for many many kilometers.
Oh, damn, yeah you didn't :D
- Smer - SD: absolute populists, act like left-wing conservatives, but are relatively liberal, absolute populists
OK, you may keep the nuclear programme
It was only a joke in an old local sitcom as far as I know
I don't think it's funny, but Slovakia is 2nd racist country in Europe
Is drinking tap water normal it your country
PO in 8 years didnt try half the shit PiS managed to do in first months when they monopolized all state-TV and radio stations to act like PiS outright propaganda, started attack on Constitutional Court in order to get it under its own political control and even purges in army to get that one politizied as well.
Never
I know it sounds super condescending, sorry for that
It is the similar shit I read about environmentalist lefties who praise communism
oh well, nothing new :)
Well in Finland moving out for university is quite different than how we understand it
From Polish to Slovakian we have two hops with Czech in between.
There's barely any positive merits left by Biritish Imperialism, so please stop trying to paint it in some bright color.
I am not even counting band merch into that, which is also relatively common
Pavol Országh Hviezdoslav
So i dont know if that is a regional thing (which might be because despite the size of the country, there are some significant differences between regions) or those people were just straight up being rude, but i havent met with anything like that before in my life
Here's the thing, even if average British household ends up worse off as a result of their own choice in the referendum, who do you think will be blamed for that?
I'm reading The World of Yesterday by Stefan Zweig and it's an eerie read.
The socks in sandals is a trope that our Czech brothers embraced in self-deprecating style of humor
I think I saw a dictionary in a joke shops that had a few dozen pages in examples of what other verbs can "jebať" and its forms substitute in a sentence.
People ask why doesnt Albania just annex Kosovo but what they dont realize is Albania is in even worse shape and the state barely functions there too.
Those people however lives in mostly vilages or cities not so developed.
Who thought this is a good idea?
> we were basicaly slaves in "our" empire
Unless we play against each other
If britain is full of landwhales then I can say Slovakia is full of leaches who leach of eu funding, but guess what I can't pull stupid generalisations because i haven't met most Slovaks and I bet you haven't met most british or even been there.
Just few days ago our State veterinary and food inspection - not sure now what is their official name sampled 20 or so products from Austria and from Slovakia - many people in Bratislava region go shopping groceries in neighbouring Austrian villages/there are full supermarkets of Slovaks and majority of cars with BA/BL - Bratislava vehicle registration plates.
That of course, because we used to be a part of the same country and we (at least in Slovakia) still watch a lot of movies/TV shows and whatnot in Czech if Slovak dub/sub isn't available
It's harder for them to escape the low class circle since many live in poverty and they lack role models.
Whaaat, do people in Norway still know how to wash dishes manually
Think again
he fell down from a gun tower" joke
Breivik has joined the chat
The local slavs send a delegation of young warriors who tell him that he is welcome to the land, but if he tries to conquer it, he will regret it dearly
So we are talking about 7-11% European population.
Despite being small country, we are divided into many dialect groups
People always forget you exists Malta, so you are good
Greece : Anything after fall of Byzantine Empire
Like Chamberlain and Churchill
EU is not 1 country
Does any language have a specific word for that dull feeling people get on Sunday evening, thinking about going to work/school the next morning, realizing it's still their leisure time, but it's too late to travel anywhere, start working on a major thing around the household or, foremost, get drunk
Just these resorts are meh
Chill
dont cause such problems - to locals and also to yourself
We are state with great police services, but since they are under government, which is kind of like mafia, it's useless on high level
Not only because I was a long time Blizzard fan, but I also have friends in the region (mostly in Taiwan tho - the country the two fired casters are from)
They couldn't even bother to create their own rhetoric
We also get lot of Austrian, German tourists that come here for that
I didn't even know that the name existed until a politician of said name Made a big scandal with the state's reserves
Foreign restaurants of this type are rare at SK, since Mc is everywhere
Correct way in our language: Roman-Germanic Empire / Rímsko-nemecká ríša (Without the Holy/Svätá!)
Sad Slovak noises
Only in Czechia they won
Then there are weird ones like KAUAN (russian post-metal in finnish) or Vesta (synthpop)
Because let's be honest here for a moment - it's not a different country, it's just a trick we play on Hungary and Austria
I was just giddy because I love Sweden
Maybe the Poles or the Hungarians would be interested
Love this, I actually think Poland, Germany and BeNeLux will be the new generation of black metal
You could not during communism
\- "Piča" is a vulgar word for woman's vagina
Maybe Edward
New Czech translations of ASOIAF feature the sin of adding suffix -ová to female surnames, like Daenerys Targaryenová or Cersei Lannisterová.
SloWakia ?
Executive 1: Oh Danish price married a commoner, let use that
The whole former soviet block is turning nazi
Prievidza
Oh well good then, well i doubt he will make a second turn, many people are unhappy with him and so am i.
Ja pierdole
And French people can’t pronounce H and U.
However it's a fact that about 50% of them live off of welfare here
In 1944, on his authority, about 3B Slovak crowns (present value about $750M) were transferred from the central deposit in Bratislava to the branch of the bank in the town of Banská Bystrica, which was about to become the main base of the insurgents, formally justifying the decision with concerns about the possibility of allied bombing of the capital
Showing them what the world outside is like isn't punishment, it's just the default state of things
I remember there was one (obviously American) movie in which terrorists have stolen top secret chemical weapon from Slovak military base and then kidnapped a train, I was almost laughing on how far away from reality that movie was
Yeah, I thank god they used Slovakia lol.
I guess that speaks for itself
Then in the gymnasium we have no classes as that
Should not children have right to be raised in normal family?
Vi politišns vil bi dééér on au behauf ant togeder vis au óvn afojnt eksperts epecjalist from de íjjú kántis vi vill čráj tu fájnd de best soljúšns and dedlájns for slovékija
The best one is "drž už piču Erik
>Apart from this, you can find Czech sounding -il /-al ending in the west, around Bratislava and Trnava Croatian sounding surnames are common (like -čič), in the very east some East Slavic (-in, -enko) too
The general consensus is that the last 9
All of these are owned by registered church - roman-catholic, jewish, orthodox, whatever.
We have very few immigrants here in Slovakia.
They did include Asians
and this information is on r/europe because
Slovakian brothers win title of central Europe's fastest gravediggers.
Or if that the US news are maybe 2-3 minutes (riots, disasters, Trump making idiot of himself and so on)
it really sounds like spanish, but with difference that i understand no words
Yes, but if you live in rural Turkey, even access to non-AKP controlled media is very difficult, especially after latest crackdown.
Ignorance towards the corruption in our country, EU politics and politics in general, social issues (racism, homophobia, etc
I wouldn't have it changed, but if they were going to change it I'd submit [this] as the replacement :P
Yeah
Although Bratislava has always placed a huge emphasis on people ([Ruzinov] is an amazing district with lots of trees, parks and greenery, despite housing tens of commie blocks)
I like it too
But his work is already public, iirc
Whitty hair their necks are whipping
It all depends on moods for future integration.
Do you have any recommendations
Theyre not exactly the same either.
Well fuck u too, bunch of feckers
He doesnt need any other workers to achieve such goal
After 0:32 all I could focus on was the horrified balcony face
Some people go for sights, others for the vibe and local life experience
Feel the pain
That's sad
Not the best way to piss us off
- Because you don't exist
“Medvedík čistotný” for us, something along “clean little bear”
Unlike americans, we value our freedom highly
We say “česko” (Czechland
So generally iys believed women like it warmer and 23 is perfect for us because our bodies retain heat differently
FWIW, just imagine how much of a junior partner you'd be in the EU - Somewhere between Lithuania and Slovakia...
I can speak only for Slovakia-never heard about to many kids missing so everything is fine and this article has either incorrect or false information
And Hungarian accent is cute and funny, not that annoying to me
It was years ago, so I don’t really know, but from what I remember it was mostly about the territory of Slovakia plus events that affected us significantly like Mohács, Turkish wars, etc
You then also have some high-schools that are bi-lingual by choice, usually English, French, German or Spanish as the 2nd language
A newspaper in Poland got a fine of 30000€ for posting caricature of Jesus 2 years ago
That doesn’t mean that those pronunciations in the other languages are wrong
With some effort I can also understand Polish
Modlivka in Slovak
But once you find similar person, it can get nasty
Im probably gonna blow your mind with this, but if you worked enough years in two countries you will get pensions from two countries when you retire
Glad you had a nice visit tough
It's usually in rural areas (which to be fair are very common since half of our population lives outside of cities and the number keeps increasing)
landed there beyond, Slavic descent rim
It looks fantastic, got multiple awards, everyone from Bratislava loves it and is a great contrast to grey communist bridges
Congrats
Dont get discouraged if that happends mods!
How clueless can you get
It was one of the major European producers 10 to 15 years ago.
I personally am surprised by the larger amount of bisexuals compared to homosexuals, it's the opposite usually
But you can of course hit up random places too.
[Here's] a table for 2015 and 2016
Both pronounced pretty much the same
I'm talking all German cars, in general.
Secondly, people of Crimea (and to an extent, people of Ukraine, too) are the ones who are subjected to propaganda.
I always see in movies and other things that you have a strong car culture and it's really a neccesity
**Opposition**
I spent years trying to learn it in school, but always saw it as being in competition with English as the foreign language I excel at, so I grew to despise it as a child
according to their logic, that would be racist and very *phobic.
I don't know what to believe anymore
What would you pick
Slovak luks lajk dis
UK already had the best, most special deal of all the EU members.
Most people of these states believe that EU took something important from them, their sovereignty and national homogeneity.
I'm surprised that there are people who don't drink tap water :)
> I dont think why else would a kid at elementary school have anti-hungarian ideas other than what is teached, maybe teachers portrayed it in very bad way during lessons about Empire
I was sure they gave us the hockey player Satan as well, but apparently he is [Slovakian.]Šatan)
I love names like Telgárt, Horehronie, Tatry, Nitra or Bratislava
So again comparing emigration of Europeans with European values from oppressed European countries to Western Europe during and after the WWII with invasion of some uneducated, analphabets from countries with totally different culture and values.
and then pewdiepie came and made that song popular everywhere
You're right though, it is a quite different language D;
Those tend to be more authentic
— one sound
It gets annoying they put ice into everything
I Slovak we use commas as decimal seperators and spaces for thousands:
You are like Tenet land, moving backwards in time, it seems
" When my classmate told me that it's vulgarism I thought she was joking, as there was often mild prank war stemming from language details
There was polish platoon also marching there.
Which is a huge bonus
Towards the end of the interview, he implies he himself is considering resignation
I can't even imagine random Slovaks stopping me to talk
Speaking as a citizen of a smaller, poorer (in EU context) country that doesn't have problems with immigration:
Also that policies towards Russian government tends to be less strict even tho there is no actual shift in their policies which could justify that
In the first lockdown they did close the borders completely
and later we’ve talked about Magyarization and Černová massacre and WW1
2 are dead, 7 are heavily injured, stop reading garbage
I do know the American and Canadian tho
čtyřikrát pivo prosím
Here in Slovakia it is easy to purchase locally collected and produced honey, I know this isn’t true everywhere, but it is a huge step from the companies that replace the honey taken from bees with sugar water to make as large of a profit as possible
I say no, the fuck what, that is not okay at all and never will be
US for NATO and taking in our countrymen during periods of strife, also cherry pepsi, love that shit
The idiomatic version of 'I don't understand this thing at all' in their language, like 'španělská vesnice' for you and me (and some of the Balkans, TIL)
My short visit to Tallinn has my dirtiest traveling secret - because of the time constraints, we needed to eat something quick and grabbed a meal McD
All I have found is photo of victim and censored pictures of attackers.
Monuments, books, places named after GM personalities
Yes, but in 1908 it was rather famously hit by an asteroid
Bidets and not bothering him
Is that whatthe guy who predicted Trump to loose said?
and most EU countries have this well regulated under variety of emploee protection programs
So i am pretty pro-masses i guess, i fully support helping the ones who struggle
Shame on you UNESCO, you did us dirty
Thats why carrying a weapon is illegal
There was a huge amount of real estate development since 2011 and still ongoing
That's a highly sientific, nonbiased and of course objective ranking.
Ikea drivers living in trucks for months
Joo, vittukitaristi purilainen
Also why ä? It  should be peť, meso instead of the weird päť, mäso
I don't like your placement of Austria and Slovenia, it makes it look like Slovenia borders with Slovakia and that Austria has no border with Hungary and Slovakia
* exists
) is completely legal in slovakia, and also (despite what even many slovaks think), the self defense law plays in favour of the victim (like one year ago two drunk guys wanted to attack an indian guy, he stabbed one in the neck and this one died, the indian guy wasnt prosecuted because of act of self defense)
3€ for a shot of alcohol that cost €25 is a pretty good price
I can go to live anywhere I want without giving a reason or getting some “points” like in australia
Why is Islam on the rise in Europe?
Although I've heard that a lot depends on where you're residing (hotel or resort)
Danko made his final project to get academic title in 2000
Being anti NATO makes you pro Russia.
Its funny
I was like wtf you want to do
The Carphatian mountains are really big force in here
Slovakian - that's the language that was on TV sometimes, often in the radio and quite similar to my mother language
No, there might be sometimes a reward offered for information leading to the arrest of wanted criminal (it's pretty rare tho), but you are supposed to give such info to the police which then handles the arrest
They do great events
Imagine being addicted to placebo
Try to spend more time in the relatively less expensive countries and plan leisure activities accordingly.
Maybe Edward
I live in safe Slovakia don't need the CSSR.
And we were teaching teacher
Our plot is fenced and the entrance door does not have a handle from neither side
Or one suicide for every 3 or 4 families.
Cross country Bratislava - Kosice (440km) regular “fast train” (5h50) costs 18
Just generic "rape capital of Europe" and "immigrants are to blame".
Him and Le Pen appear on local newspapers more than most PM and President or Kings of Europe.
Bratislava is definitely nothing like it was portrayed in the Eurotrip movie
Various different regulations, different procedures and different bureaucratic annoyances in every state, different taxations, tolerated tax havens, languages, different currencies, different infrastructures, in some cases even lacking proper connections, being underdeveloped or lacking entirely; plenty of barriers still exist.
Eventually Glagolic got replaced with Latin alphabet and language, followers of Cyril and Methodius fled to the east where they invented Cyrilic which is still used today
So they dont know who they are but they know that they are asylum seekers from other countries?
Then you get used to it and it will just sound stupid to everyone else.
Honorary Scottish
Hvala works for the whole former Yugoslavia, except for DPRM
My friends and me have always had a mixed group of friends, it was never exclusive to just one gender
He ran for president last year, finished 3rd, in [pub]
For real
"*Džon mejd his vej tu a tavern thrú d dark forist, ounly tu fajnd aut det hí forgot d many*".
One party doing x does not excuse and normalise other party doing x. Both are wrong and the US gets a lot of shit for its bullshit
Then how come many actresses in hollywood are british?
everything I guess
Faith in humanity restored
Its sounded as Nikoláž with
Slovaks have really no idea how multiethnical Iran is, that there are differences between arabic speakers and so on.
A really stupid choice, we Slovaks know why
Ah shit, here we go again
I mean what are the reasons you’d like to immigrate to a dennmark when it’s similar country (at least from my POV)
Áno, použivamé vela dlžnou a mäkčenou
Yes, almost all Slovaks claim to speak it, but I dare to say not even 50% would be able to speak a few sentences without mistakes
Ofc then Brits would be up in the arms because then they would have to take part in it.
Like what
Apart from slight difference in language and the fact we've got Euro and Czechs still hold onto their silly currency, using it to squeeze some extra cash out other Europeans at any opportunity\*, it really isn't any kind of a big deal
Masaryk University in Brno
Basically just:
We have tens of millions of people who are uninsured, even more people who are underinsured
1939-1945 First Slovak State
The british company demanded a full 50 million pound more then the french one
I got my haircut yesterday
While they have more or less common roots for parts of country (Eastern, Middle,Western) they are different from city to city.
Yep, but many people from "eastern" europe died in Afghanistan and Iraq...
Sane person would say that bombing is reasonable option.
StB agents until this day enjoy their high pensions or are still in public affairs.
I have my eyes on Hungary, Slovenia, Slovakia, Croatia.
But social democracy is not communism, that is something COMPLETELY different
In that case don't try to defend Saudi monarchy system to those stupid Europeans too, what do they know about point of God-chosen rulers?
You do realize its the US ambassador, not the one from Saudi Arabia
Then there is this thing with regular length of study for daily
Shame, been there, its not ugly place.
And if so, why Slovakia count as separate state ( created in 1 January 1993) ?
I was like wtf you want to do
5 of them are the poorest in the entire EU, the other one has Sofia.
Mutta äitiiii
If you want it, you should purchase it on the free market.
I suspect you havent seen the [spanish easter celebration] yet
It happens from time to time that some smuggling tunnel is discovered on Slovak-Ukrainian border
I propose direction of immigration.
Well, 10-15 may be limit for extremists, but for populists sky is the limit.
We are World Champions in complaining and cynicism
and put Slovenia below it
But I wouldn't say Slovakia is a top choice for someone totally new to Europe.
6 party coalition are almost standard in Slovakia .
Lithuania, Latvia are closer in a lot of ways to Poland, Slovakia, North-Western Russia than to Sweden or Finland.
In most stores here they have a thing that you have to put the coin there and close it, hard to describe
Are those all neonazis
Aww going to restaurants with him was always an experience
Even young people had hard time at reception in b and b.
Disney as fuck
You might venture out and see some of the cities in eastern Slovakia near the Tatras.
I tend to say “Košice are the second biggest city in Slovakia”, as I would in Slovak, rather than Košice is
Mobile DEVICES or mobile PHONES
He overthrew his uncle Rastislav, who unlike Svätopluk, had stable reign, modernized the realm and got Great Moravia out of Frankish influence almost completely
The best appeal of Vegas for me its the location to national parks
The capital is quite cosmopolitan in this regard
The fuckhuge Russia propaganda machine has its tentacles all over Europe
"zničený ako cigánská hračka" - destroyed like a gypsy toy (when one is completely exhausted and doesnt feel well, for example in the morning after heavy drinking)
It was the last Slavic state in the region, which would be under Hungarian/Austrian rule hundreds years after.
), not plastic bags
Italy on the other hand declines.
It is literally the official word used here "Fén" for hairdryer
do russian stats include also the countless suicides by backstabbing, 2 headshots etc
Hungarians can build as many razor fences as they wish, it's their border and it's their responsibility to defend the outer border of the EU and Schengen, and even if it wasn't an outer border it's still their right to fortify their own border.
Turns out she spent all summers until 18 at her grandmother house near Bratislava and learned fluent Slovak
Those are fair points, thank you.
Countries like Poland, CZ, Slovakia, Belarus and so on have less than 1% muslims.
Slovakia always sends its military at Romania's national day parade :D
Any kind of bread and also any baking
we like to think that we developed pretty quickly after the fall of communism, faster than the eastern nations
We are below 5% both in 1992 and in 2002 (just like Croatia, Slovakia, Turkey, Russia, Chile and Argentina - neither of which are poster boys for countries where people starve to death).
And German
To be honest I'm not sure why the formation wasn't disbanded shortly after we all joined but well, here we are.
Yeah, "city" used to be "hrad" in Slovak, like in all other Slavic languages (grod, gorod
Till literally anything competitive starts
Prague is obviously [Vltava/Moldau]
My heart says Slovakia but my reason shouts Germany.
Andrej Danko
None of the employers I ever worked for was capable of actively hiring abroad the country, not to mention such witchcraft as interview over skype.
respect for good neighbourly relations
We also have “Customer centers” (often hidden in a corner of a station or behind one) where you can buy tickets as well and they speak English too
1-1
Taking away all his prize money even from the previous events
Seriously
Denmark is NATO country with dozen times greater budget for military and Finland, as you can see, is below.
Love the tag
Also as a Software developer, even when I work for a local company, I use more English than Slovak, because all the documentation for tools I use is in English and the docs/comments/strings we write are usually in English too, because every logical software company knows targeting the whole English speaking word makes more sense than targeting a small country with 5M population
I have heard about it, but it's not a thing here since for the most part the spelling is consistent (most part, not always, there are features that make spelling harder, but it's not like the conventional spelling English has)
Well, in my CV, I always mention Czech language in my language skills.
But for me are funniest city names after near objects - Modrý Kameň (Blue Stone), Červený Kameň (Red Stone), Cinobaňa (Tin Mine), Lúky (Meadows), Nová Baňa (New Mine), Senohrad (Hay Castle) and best of all, Kuchyňa (Kitchen)
I actually think that the Markthal looks pretty cool
The irony is that here it is raining for a week or so every day
Especially people in countries like Germany and Poland where caricaturing any religion is still illegal
I am more concerned about the software rather than the hardware
Funny ones are "droga", it means "road" in Polish but "drug" in Czech, "šukat" means "to fuck" in Czech but szukać means "to search" in Polish, "zachod" means "west" in Polish but "záchod" means "toilet" in Czech and Slovak
we would notice
Mannnnnn, we have 65 political parties and most of them are weird
How come despite the way the government handled the crisis (especially the first wave), PSOE still keeps being the biggest party at least according to the election polls
Erich Honecker (East German communist leader) opens a window in the morning and says: "Good morning Sun
But I don't see your lakes as an advantage, unless you get rid of all mosquitos in the region :(
It is actually a very interesting phenomenon
In the morning it smells of piss and vomit
what the hell is going on with slovenia, you're tarnishing our reputation
Result is that he just copied text from 5 books at least, with no sources, presented it as his work
It doesn't matter dogs hair what is rightfully whose.
And it worked to some degree
This map is silly and makes it look like nobody considers Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary as Eastern Europe.
The main train station is embarrassing though
That's interesting, I didn't know that, thanks for enlightening me
Plus Gaza doesnt really look good on your plate, especially bombing kids on the beach.
There aren't many things I'm personally divided about and cant quite figure out if they really suck or are kind of cool
Let us have something at least they can nuke each other.
skiing in Slovakia is unfortunately not THAT much cheaper than in Austria :( at least not the ski-passes
For minorities like Hungarians, a lot watch Hungarian TV and read Hungarian media instead of Slovak, which creates this sort of feeling of detachment for some
I was reacting to someone who said Russia must be stopped,, because what else they can do.
Clearly the meaning is "the most selfish act in modern European history".
Who forgets Prague but adds Bratislava
In Slovak the official name for the Kingdom of the Netherlands is Holandské Kráľovstvo, so yeah
I saw a shiny gold car with some arabic plates once when I was in Paris near Champs Elysees
Czechia has the pirate party in the government
Oh wait ...
It's just needlessly complicated
Maybe because people from the Eastern Europe don't care about the Union where they are despised and taken as an second class citizens
It depends on school, in primary school each class had a locker room for jacket, shoes, but not for books
Amen, brother
Together with Principality of Moravia they formed Great Moravia in 833
Just Байкал.
Is this a bait
Local media picked up the allegations, forcing the prime minister, Robert Fico, to respond.
beware
Another 5 or 10 minutes on the tram to work together with a 5 minute walk
Dont get me wrong, i am not advocate for unfettered capitalism by any stretch of imagination, but what i am saying is: "unfettered capitalism is stupid/wrong, yet still realistic unlike communism, which is not realistic in society based on human beings
Slovakia in that time acted as Royal Hungary main part.
This is what happens when you find a stranger in the Alps
It could and it did exert pressure while you were still trying to join, but it's too late now.
Don't kink-shame
I don't like it
Not how I remember latvian language sounding from my friends
Many of you probably cant relate, but i thought that "Černá Hora" beer is from Montenegro, because montenegro is literally being called "Čierna Hora" in slovak
Basically commies build it to house people who worked in factories there
Well, I went full fuck wikileaks mode when after UA won Eurovision their twitter went apeshit about how that was work of CIA.
Nothing new under the Sun, everybody knows the US is the place place for life in the World.
Even with whole managment and millionares sector, 10k pln/month brutto is impossible.
Also going to history, back in 1919 Romania as a part of the Little Entente helped us in a war against Hungarian Soviet Republic and in 1968 they refused to take a part in the occupation of Czechoslovakia.
So I can understand how people in Hong Kong feel
Correctly in Czech it is "Neděle večer a humor por*ou*chaný"
to their credit, few knew we split peacefully and are now two countries but vast majority's reply is "Aaaah, Czechoslovakia".
But I have also heard that Slovak is kind of a "Slavic Esperanto" because most slavic people can understand it clearly without knowing it
Instead of staying on the back foot, he ran with it
It is, only USA sees is as tradition
Slovenia, Czechia, Croatia, Slovakia/Poland followed by the rest.
I feel sorry for the effort the people have to make in order to make living, a lot of people works abroad or in Bratislava, commuting long distances
The tank was last heard from near Luník IX.
Well, I just find it funny when governments of countries with lowest corruption in the world (Netherlands, Sweden) are joining forces with, for all purposes, criminals (such as our little lovely government) who are pretty good at frauding money YOU are sending, in common cause which would prevent that from happening.
You do realize it sounds very phallic, though
Came here to post this
However I have no idea how Florida beaches look like, so maybe better, not sure
So only Estonians know Slovakia exists?
This is so pretty
Not to my knowledge, but Wikipedia states that there was once the idea of "v4 plus" including Austria and Slovenia, but Hungary objected, so Czech Republic, Slovakia (not mixing them up here!) and Austria founded their own club called ["Austerlitz Format"]
I always wanted to travel to baltics, you guys look so awesome
And don't forget the coaster holder
I salute you /u/X71p3qvf/ – after all this shitposting, I imagine you now know the difference between Slovenia and Slovakia or can find Andorra on a map.
All I see from modern feminists nowadays is making an issue out of something that isn't one
Andrej Danko
They had always more in common with Austria and Germany than with **Belarus** or Serbia.
Those who stayed had it pretty much the same as everyone else in the communism.
What’s interesting though is that Slovaks have different names for today’s Hungary - Maďarsko - and for the Kingdom of Hungary - Uhorsko
Renzi departure will trigger new elex.
There is some water, gravity and a lot of regolith to protect your house against radiation, micrometeoroids.
But tbh I don’t think that there’s ever been a party that I would 100% agree with on everything
I want snow
Polish people think Slovak sounds funny and childish (curiously, Slovaks think the same about Polish language)
Reminds me of "my grandpa died in German concentration camp during WW2
Looks like Ireland is suffering from constant black-out problems
I thought that Czechs already climb the Trump's ass in order to retrieve this business.
Mostly negative, accent and dialects don't have the prestige other countries like the UK has
We're with Germans on this one, you go to a party, you buy booze, which you contribute to the shared pool
Czechs got it as well
Prague has some amazing architecture and history, but the city center just feels foreign
But my understanding is that parliament will vote to leave, or ?
John in Swedish ("Och när Lammet bröt det sjunde inseglet, uppstod i himmelen en tystnad som varade vid pass en halv timme
Why's my boy Slovakia shaking
It really depends on the event itself, but generally i would say people bring their bottles, which they open and pour drink to anyone
Gorgeous land – its borders washed by Danube strong,
If you eat schnitzel with rice or with potatoes
of mainly reporters and oposition leaders
Also according to internet "starman" is old dude prominent in the west of poland, not in the south
Everybody knows that Gravity doesn't exist.
Strange, shouldn't Slovakia be extremly unequal?
It can also get a bit uncomfortable between Czechs and Slovaks when discussing the Czechoslovak partition and Slovak "independence" after the Munich Betrayal
That's Swedish national costume.
I’ve tried that akvavit and It came pretty easily down my throat, however on the other day it almost came pretty easily upward too
Polish barely anything, Russian a few words and others probably nothing
I was primarily on about the baltics, Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova as the ones that I was on about.
I always make fun of that
One satanist and they have polish fullhouse
Yes, but only occasionally
How different is it in Asturian compared to Castillan
When I was a kid, I didn’t know that not all counties in Europe are also in the European Union
Another superstition is for babies to have something red attached to the baby stroller, often a red ribbon (or to wear something red, but not near the head)
Is that why gypsies/Romas in Slovakia/Czechia/Poland can have 3-4 kids while staying on welfare?
Yep, he was quite unlucky around that time, having set for home too early (as Saladin died few weeks later) and arriving into total mess caused by his treacherous brother
I remember having close to 30 parties in one election couple years back in our small Slovakia
Back in 1918 no one was really sure that Western countries would agree with two new individual and separate states.
And they cause no trouble even though they are not fully integrated into society
There is some beef in between our countries and good beef needs just salt to be tasty
It seems to me that most men are called Peter, Jozef, Michal or Tomáš, and most women are called Zuzana, Veronika, Mária or Jana.
Eastern Slovak dialect is like separate language on it's own
I know it is not foreign language amd it is mandatory, but it is more usefull for job opportunities or used in the office/services more than German?
Nah
Thanks for your help in advance.
~~ medical staff in the background
About pasta, I ask Italy
subway you mean
It's a complete dystopia at times
21 is a gotta have a sweater and thick socks
Might have something to do with my introvert nature and that I generally don't want people to be visiting my place
If it will stream Eurovision, I'm cool with it.
Also the islands are self governing and even tho their citizens have EU passports and can live in any EÚ country, it does not apply both ways
We call you Gruzínsko so Gruzia
He will be nicer to china - which is probably not good, nicer to environmnet which is probably good (however considering the covid economy aftermath, i dont know about that) and i hope it will calm down american people a bit, and the division will become narrower
Depending on location obvious answers are US, Russia, China, Iran.
Dont seem like his plan is to piss off Scots red-face
Really shameful
[Obligatory]
Nearly all YPG fighters carry one extra grenade for these situations.
I hope we won't repeat the same mistake
Welcome, Netherlands, to four years of ["nice hair though."]
They are also not afraid to actively use monetary policy
Yeah, totally, now that the world is shifting towards high-speed railways
The man was later identified to be Emil Gallo
Fascinating read, thank you very much
Other big cities have very small gay scene, bigger is in Ostrava.
Czechia has the pirate party in the government
No because I was in a sports class and we bypassed these classes for more training
Reading these comments is hell
Slovakia, perhaps Czechia
i hope the green party will reinstate the nuclear plants that germany closed down for no good reason
You're an embarrassment to whomever you align with.
Peugeot/Citroen; Volkswagen; Kia are already present; Jaguar-Land rover coming sometimes in 2018 (this is a done deal, signed already).
I think every person can under some circumstances or practice differentiate between accents he/she knows, or languages.
Its from 2018
Much easier than German, as it doesn't have the stupid (sorry) der, die, das for everything
So their importance really is limited to the border regions.
I did enjoy the city in its own right, I will absolutely come back
I don't think that what /u/bonesupren did was abusive.
) but ore racism and xenophobia basically because we were hardly ever exposed to the outside world, so no African immigration or any other really no one comes here
Unlike in retarded english, mostly yes
I meant, they had to mention it when talking to western europeans.
I just read the headline but isn't it actually true?
I am from the West and I understand Polish more than Eastern dialects, lol
If you met one of those, they will obviously mention it.
Unless its /s then its good one
Uyvar is apparently Turkish name for it which they probably got from its Hungarian name.
6% center right traditionalist anti-corruption party, though a bit shady
If someone chooses to be bitter about it or judge you based solely on what your ancestors did in different circumstances, it's their fault
What, I thought it was totally Austrian
Especially some good home-made pálenka, the one thing that unites us all over here
But the truth is, we do like you a lot
What borders
E.g. the Slavic version I heard says that pharaohs of ancient Egypt were Slavic
Even funnier with new hanna the Amazon prime series
Unfortunately they don't give us good name abroad either.
I wouldn't consider 27 years a long time
It's always impressive to see from the highway on my way to Krakow.
Sadly, he kind of means it and I can't say I have ever witnessed anyone get indignant over that
If we stay fragmented then China, Russia and others would buy every important politician and company and we are fucked
In Slovák, it’s the same we have two words for a dragon - “drak ” and “ šarkan” both of which can signify a dragon or a kite
You disgust me
If you are a new driver dont endanger people around you and drive safely
Noone I know irl cares about it (even in IT circles)
do russian stats include also the countless suicides by backstabbing, 2 headshots etc
i am not crying, you are
Usually drunk british tourists start fights
We have nothing to brag about with these shitty mobile internet plans
I feel we might be just on the edge of making it in  Czechia and Slovakia without most of the problems you described for Baltics and Southern states, unless governments in near future fck up
NZ is doing much better internally than Slovakia, which makes the island argument invalid
What kind of old man or woman you'll be, that is up to you
Be mindful people
Lot of veto power has been removed by Lisbon, though.
All 30 men seem to be getting tired of walking.
The sausages, a German classic
I freaking love trains
But the Hungarians got the sick church on a hill, I think it's the largest Central Europe church
Funny like I'm a clown
We use it like "thing we don't want to waste time remembering how it's called
For me personally it's Chocolate or cake
When I was in London all I did was tap my iPhone and it worked in buses, metro and trains
Whats the point of having common borders and shengen when anybody who wants will just get through?
It was only a radio talk show, so the PM does not appear on screen
Sometimes, someone asks me something in Slovak and I respond in English
Mocking the shit out of the German language is literally timeless humor
I think we got a winner in here
OP is delusional - said - EVERYTHING IS JUST AS AWESOME AS EVER.
He said but its okay
Why would Bulgarians have a word that comes from Latin (it's not Slavic because no other Slavs use it)?
Brno feels probably the most foreign for students
Also, don't really speak the lingo.
We used to have it here completely reversed
I really love some of our region and urban naming, though street names are poor
sk, this website shows Public Transport schedules(Cestovné Poriadky)
QWERTZ with additional buttons for ľ š č ť ž ý á í é ú ä ň ô (for the rest of the letters we need to use a combination of keys)
What the hell
And as it was pointed out
63 infected, that means that only around 4% of people tested were positive
Nah
that was made up issue by nationalistic populist politics on both hungary and slovakia in the last decade
I’m a healthcare marketing manager and my husband is a software engineer
We beat women with a stick made out of willow branches and throw bucket of cold water on them during Easter Monday and then we get chocolate eggs and money in return
Robert Fico
But I age cornish can make some pretty good fish when it's not fried
I remeber colleagues in Antwerp telling me about bomb attacks in early 80s. Terrorism is one of the worse tactics
Yes, if he is a politician yeah you can.
Nothing had changed
You must be the other end
It's pretty fancy, new tramline, underground bus station, huge futuristic mall, pedestrian bridge across Danube, river swimming resort, and just a good overall architecture with office buildings (most of them are in various stages of being finished)
It plunged them into full scale nationalism and extraction of vengeance that weaker and weaker royal court in Vienna ignored and eventually brought downfall of Habsburg dynasty.
Just to make it worse
it does
Bremerhaven: biggest port for transporting cars in Western Europe, good hookers
Group B is trying to stop Group A from stealing by appealing to older adults, but since the elders are voting more they can't succeed
Brown hair, rockin hot bod, meh face, and very caring personality deep down, covered with layers of what TF u want stranger
The homemade lemonades are really popular jn Bratislava and cities
Ask any chef
And your expats often proove us right.
Slavic names are all over the place
Compared to a very similar but religious society though, aka Slovakia...
Europe would also need to establish its own Guantanamo with comparable status that would allow basically breaching human rights, as you can't have both - upholding human rights and prosecuting and imprisoning people without necessary evidence and I can guarantee you that in most cases, you won't have enough evidence to imprison a person who intends to steal a car and run people down with it, even if you unlawfully tapped their phone and recorded them stating their intent it would hardly be enough to prosecute them until they would take steps to do it, but when they start taking those steps it's already too late.
We haven't been in Eurovision since 2012
That is completely unforgivable
The sad part of the story is that the same people responsible for the genocide and aggression against the Serbian neighbors are still in Serbian parliament.
Today, many are much better educated copared to their grandparents/parents (who came often as illiterate).
I guess that would be correct geographically, but does that make sense culturally?
No, it does not
Because they get associated with bad issues in the religion
I feel that separatism in Czechia was more about finally ruling themselves while in Slovakia it was more about getting rid of Hungarians and their oppressive policies
But I am still living at my parents' address as far as the Slovak government is concerned
And thus all of the Eastern block adopted the latter date
+ they are the biggest ethnicity in Europe (slavs)
really creative people live there do they
Even pays of president
It depends on the country
EU is financing Google maps and Waze competition in Slovakia.
You can easily find fossils of shells there
Me and my brother were huge fans of medieval warfare and medieval time in general as kids, so our mom took us to a lot of castles and castle ruins pretty often
Also it didn't help when magyarization laws were implemented in 19th century which shrinked it even further, but it also empowered independance movements
Now finding an example of a multi-kulti success, that would be much harder..
How do you pronounce Cochem in German
In Slovakia cheapest shots in cheapest bars can go below 1€.
And lastly , when Czechoslovakia formed in 1918, putting Slovakia(kinda) on the map after 1000 years , we started "crossing out" words that came from German and Hungarian and replacing them with Czech and Polish words (so that they sound more Slavic) . And thats the language we have today
That doesn't negate all the mutual contacts we've had throughout the history
Yes
He just uses alternative truth!
A newspaper in Poland got a fine of 30000€ for posting caricature of Jesus 2 years ago
In Slovakia right wing won EP elex and Hungary FIDESZ is still EPP party.
I just love travelling and when I don't have the money or freedom to travel in person, I finger travel on Google Earth and Wikipedia, checking out cities, airports and roads all over Europe
But I haven't been to polish side in years, gotta change it soon
Riverpark is also very good, although it's in a weird place, we don't go there much often since there is only Riverpark and nothing else
At Slovakia they are much biger and higher and we call ´em mountains
Iraqi Kurdistan composes of two parties - KDP and PUK.
my great-grandparents used hungarian to argue
on each card the first 4, 6 or 8 numbers identify issuing bank and country
No country doesn't look same, there is always some sort of improvement over such a long period of time, the question is how much people benefit from that improvement and that is the other side of the story.
Tech gets released early, travel can be cheap, houses are huge, you can get fantastic food, all the concerts, etc
I cant describe the disappointment.
From my own experience, because it's cheap and students love to mix it in large quantities of juice
Slovakian, Russian, English, French, Hungarian, German, Dutch, Spanish, Italian, Serbian, Bosnian, Croat, Slovene, Polish,  Turkish
Example, a German would say Tschech which we just write down as Čech.
Father's side - babka, dedko
Also, I've never said anything about being fluent or perfect in Czech but I am certain that if we consider the overall level of literacy, Czech is the 2nd  most known/spoken language in Slovakia
Europe didn't do enough in terms of its secret services in post 9/11 world and now its catching up.
The amount of Hungarians living in the neighboring countries is roughly as much as the whole population of Slovenia.
You gotta hide your memes from the meme thieves newbie
In Bratislava you would pay around 3000 for a studio around 30-40 m but you d make around 1000 and more also depending on the field you are working in
>Suspect: Yes yes yeahhhhhhh
Well
Doesn't matter what speed you should not be in left lane
Let's rather agree to not dig in the messed up European history.
It was about embracing love to your country and to a woman at the same time
Wow
Oh, right,all y'all for first time in one and half decade noticed some Le Pen exists and now you write about her as if she was rolling all over the place.
Poland says will 'play rough' with EU after Tusk vote
In Slovak:
Congrats
But still, Polish as a language is much closer to Czech and Slovak than it is to Russian
Owning and driving car, more so 20 years old, is not free.
Although my parents remember it from Czechoslovakia times, they don't watch sports
For Slovaks this was always a bittersweet remainder
Furthermore, 27 per cent of respondents feel that an authoritarian system might be preferable to democracy under some circumstances, while 35 per cent of those surveyed believe that a planned economy might be preferable to a market-based one.
I miss it, good old days
Woah, I went there for badely a week and I've heard more honking than in a year in Slovakia
Those rarely offer authentic Chinese food tho
Lots of hiking spots, so maybe people who get bored of Tatras go there
Is there a particular cutoff date beyond which no new cultures have been created?
Wages are much lower, unemployment much higher, alcoholism also much higher, many more ghettos and there is nothing there
And it was all in vain anyway, all it did was allow Germany to spiral out of control and consolidate enough strength to conquer continental Europe
How were they punished
Other than that Slovakia is seriously backwards in almost everything
Both pronounced pretty much the same
1918 Czechoslovakia for the win
/shrug
My mom used to do the same thing
He was finally internationally recognized as the author of the picture after the fall of communist regime
I remember someone telling me that there is some cross-border toleration within EU for some of these "must-have" equipment in car between countries, as in if you are clearly a foreigner with foreign license plates from another EU country, if you car meets your domestic regulations, you are fine
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of law
I think it would be fair to acknowledge that the anti-Hungarian sentiment in the 90s and the 00s didn't have much to do with the books and the constitution, unless you can explicitly show the examples
I wouldn't have a clue what he meant if he said "association football".
no way there are 140 of those dots in slovakia
Of course there is some webcam pointing at it, even though most of the time it probably shows almost still picture
Classic
“Z Komára Somára” (Turn a mosquito into a donkey) It basically is said when the person you’re talking to is over-exaggerating things
I think that the public opinion on this case in slovakia might be even stronger because of who she is
VMPRMP with 41 and DUI with nearly 7?
In Czech it's kale
I highly doubt so :) I had Bulgarian colleague and I hardly understood a word
Well, one way or another US is noy going to blow sugar up our ass for any longer.
Not for slovak Mountain Rescue Service.
It means a/ not elected and b/not accountable.
We understand each other, so there is no reason to speak a language you can't speak
Name is mostly derived from the local Earl's surname
Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Austria, Germany, Israel, USA.
When I visited with a cruise ship of 4,000 people and we all took the commuter trains to Stockholm, people seemed rather confused about our presence and why the train was packed on a Saturday morning
Plus when drunk it helps me to sober up
I think there is an exception in case that study program is not offered in official language on any other university, but for simplicity, studying in foreign language is almost always paid
I have a cheap mountain bike that cost 300€ the requirements I have for the bike are basically only functional brakes and I´m satisfied
Nemecko-Germany
Still, it mattered on a federal level - if your marriage was not federally recognized, you wouldn't get the same benefits, or it would prevent your foreign spouse from acquiring a green card and citizenship.
Modern human rights are a result of WWII.
> Also yeah Samo´s empire is (was) mentioned more, also I seen it mentioned few times on here to be convinced that Slovak people care about it more than GM
I don't know what's the point here but I agree with you
And even firing the casters
OK writing it down to my dictionary in case I forget.
Good guy Russia - takes it on himself to take care of continental trash so continent doesnt have to.
What about Ukrainian
Fico has third, but his party is collapsing and he managed to get government only by other parties cheating their voters and for all purposes being paid off by oligarchs.
If I understand this correctly, he will be president for another 3 years
Towards the end of the interview, he implies he himself is considering resignation
Has to be pretty nice moment
There are chosen words in which there is Y instead of I even tho it's breaking rules
Or was this first time
Lets say that my fantasies now consist of burning drones alive
"respond accordingly" does not necessarily mean "bomb".
whoever, from the table Gods gifts at him always looks
Slovaks or 'Slovaks'?
I knew about every single one of them, even approximate locations for some reason(i'm not boasting I just happened to know all)
And that Czechoslovakia didn't split because people wwanted it - actually, there was no referendum and the surveys showed that the majority in both republics wanted to stay together (just 13% of Czechs and 18% of Slovaks prefered independence)
However, just like eurocoins, they got some national markings
Or some drone is spotted and so on
I usually try to avoid it as much as possible (not by being annoying, more like being neutral - neither a friend and neither an asshole)
they modernized their state posta service and it actually is a source of income now, a modest one, circa 4 millions € but still.
Many of them should have been already in jail, even before such incidents
What do you mean system built on eastern values?
There are at least two livestreams
Maybe some others
round him rulers guard, tough men, strong and fair
If pandemic erups, system won't cope, no chance of that
These are the ones I like the most
I have a friend studying in London right now, he wishes he could slum it this way too
Amira
Also the bars are the beaches as Venice, long beach or Ocean or Pacific beach have some nice bars, but funny thing when you want to sit down and just enjoy it, you get constantly bothered by the server who either wants you to order a lot or get off because more customers means more tips
However having said that, when i lived abroad we have met some czechs and slovaks and organized a party where everybody brought something
Where were they when AKP was arresting HDP elected mayors and replacing with their own?
I'm not an expert, but I think wind farms make more sense in flat areas, whereas Slovakia is predominantly mountainous country.
Well come to Svit in Slovakia
Just a few
Basically that any progressive idea is seen as Soros paying people to spread his agenda
or you'll spend the whole 2 weeks on the train/bus/car.
True, about a month ago football hooligans and neonazis hosted an anti mask protest in Bratislava and turned one of our main squares into a landfill, luckily everyone agreed, that the people had negative iq
the detail in the drawing is amazing
And Czech Republic to Slovakia.
Dora: where is the ocean
It will stay in limbo and slowly rotting away.
But when I think traditional British food, even local places, as I lived in both Cornwall and England
High Tatras for Czech and Slovak tourists
A few photos from the incident [here]
Latvia, the only country in the universe that associates Slovakia with hockey.
Nope
Like people [here]
Wait, someone forced Poland into the EU?
Amended 22 times since then
Well with that I would hope neighbours would know a bit more
Yeah, but Arch Enemy is garbage today
It used to be (more or less) a norm to leave at the age of 18-19 in the communist era but it's way more common nowadays to see even 30+ people live with together with their parents due to economical reasons - buying house is quite expensive nowadays and as a remnant of the communist era people prefer to own the house/condo rather than rent it
Because to me it feels like they want to play the victim, and feel súperior to other groups, which the opposite thing we should do
People can speak English more often, but their English isn't at a high level when speaking
Oh, don't You worry, I've studied economics, and I've seen [this] so you can hardly surprise me
Yeah, but it is over a hundred years ago now.
It's a joke meant to trigger Slovenian or Slovakians.
Skrattar du vorlarar du
In Slovakia on Ester man spill water on girls,  and chase and spank them with sticks
Only now, over a decade later after they were voted out of power there are slowly appearing new voices and stating that while the reforms were far from being perfectly executed, that government was the best we had and without them we would be in the same state as Ukraine was.
he fell down from a gun tower" joke
But go further Europe and go Northern America and be amazed when it shifts from Czechoslovakia to actual towns
So, this map is WILDLY incorrect
Definitely less than mountains do.
I'm glad Ireland has a similar low number.
OP is polish so they probably know enough about the good highwayman archetype, especially Jánošík. The movie is a gem, but it does rely heavily on knowledge of the highwayman stories
I am sorry for all the drunk and noisy tourists you guys get there
Oh, don't You worry, I've studied economics, and I've seen [this] so you can hardly surprise me
Invasion of Crimea is a simplistic representation of the facts: Crimeans first voted with large majority to become independent of Ukraine.
Look to the Carpathian mountains in Slovakia or western Ukraine.
In northwest Slovakia
I think it was one orb to years ago that there was literally built less distance of that highway than snail can move per year
The funniest I heard was to call a press conference, as press conference in Slovak is tlačovka and pushing  is tlačiť and press is tlač
I've heard that many of the older generation in that still speak fluent Russian however, and taught in some schools in Slovakia over English but I could definitely be wrong with this.
It's easy to pretend you are pro-trade with Russia, and thus the heavily hypothetical economic benefits that would arise from it (srsly, Slovakia's export to Russia was 3.6%, while imports from Russia were over double that (7.6% in 2014), which really benefitted Russia way more than it benefitted Slovakia.
It boils down to the fact that we had [a lower starting point than our southerly neighbours] Comparing ourselves to Baltics is problematic.
What does it mean
Not far to Zion, red rock Canyon and tge Grand canyon
Syr
When You go to Your doctor, You should clearly name what part of Yours body hurts.
He's got a tumor it's not nice to talk about it
I didn't learn all Czech names for months until I was maybe 23
If I could vote for politicians from other nations I would vote.
Finally a map where you can do linguistic things without Hungary sticking out like a sore thumb
Rest assured baltic states would not have to hastily set up paramilitary forces because military actions of Russia if they were part of million-strong army and foreign rep that speaks in voice of a half a billion people.
Whatever bad happens in Slovakia, you instantly hear "oh god, this would never happen in Austria".
But I'm not a local and I'm wrong
The newer Peugeot models are more expansive then Citroens and are close to VW prices (the 3008).
But that makes pretty much a lot of sense
If it was a company jet there wouldnt be a problem.
That could've taken a toll on our identity, which was admittedly pretty fragile
Odkiaľ si
Yall renovate those buildings
Then to Germany, travelling from Berlin to Köln by train and taking a day trip to Luxembourg.
It should, because I remember I was playing table football in Budapest, with some random guys, we were talking in English, but I chanted the word when I let the other team score a lame goal, and those guys started laughing
You are basing your evidence on anecdotes and anons on forums.
About our universities
The only luck is that he lives in a democratic state
I wonder what GB wants
I am sorry, but no matter how how I try, I can't fit Milan, Basel and Luxemburg onto the first line and Bucharest and Varna are also way off on the second
That sub looks like Internet Explorer of my grandma when I once took a look at it and spent next hour uninstalling all malware.
There is Slota SNS and there is current one.
Well you have state leader who is close to Putin claims it, US intelligence agencies claim that Russia influenced US elex and so on...
Oh yes, one more entry in Slovak: Snatch by Guy Ritchie has been translated as "Podfu(c)k". "Podfuk" in Slovak means a scam and does not derive from the f-word at all
Seriously, there many cases where they take out all the metal parts from their own houses or apartments to sell them
Poděbrady and Nymburk
It's basically about how the Slovak nation will rise, while there's a thunderstorm over the Tatra mountains and how the thunder is forcing Slovaks to rise and fight to live
I think its Luxembourg of central europe, because there are small population but there is a thousands more people who go for work there
A song defining slovak culture is [Citim vôňu lesa (borovička song)] ... well, borovička is a typical slovak brandy and there is no household without it + the party beat makes it a perfect party song
And most things that I had the biggest issues with are changing - Colorado just passed 12 weeks of paid parental leave, public pre-schools are expanding, the state is working on a public option for insurance
So in Bratislava are those taxi called VB that uses the same paint style as old communist police (verejná bezpečnosť)
we could eventually do a culture exchange with non-European countries, too
There is a thing called rule of law.
RT doesnt give other side of story, but bullshit side of story.
This map is wrong
Look at our Parliament
Hahaha that subforum
GOod -10C this morning
Hopefully it will be better in Romania, for us in Slovakia it's really hard now, we will have elections in a month and the govenment parties have a decline but a lot of the votes for them moved to the neonazis (actualy neonazis, I don't use such terms lightly) who have no programme at all, are grossly incompetent and lazy as hell (based on their parliamentary activities throughout the last 4 years)
They lived alone or with helping force on *salaš* (sheep ranch), where they took care of their flock and produced many sheep cheese products
In terms of practical action, Slovakia is finishing up another block of nuclear reactors right now; after it goes into operation, our electrical grid should be over 80% covered by carbon-clean energy
I often joke about how terribly some Hungarians speak Slovak
Like i said in a different comment, Bratislaba is not for sight tourism as much as for experiencing the vibe, bars and laid back atmoshere
No you
Hard to say if it is declining or increasing
The old town is just amazing
Veverička .... not translatable
Oh, and about the Czechs that come to die in our mountains :D
But these three countries all red and close to red but Spain is orange like.
As long as it's sunny and not windy or cloudy I can function in short sleeves when it's above 0C, preferably above 5C tho
Because your cities were planned long after the cities of Europe
Ignorance towards the corruption in our country, EU politics and politics in general, social issues (racism, homophobia, etc
All the monuments make sense and I am totally for keeping them
You should be an insipration for the construction of our D1
There were commies and socialists fighting alongside capitalists, as well as centralists fighting alongside autonomists
For my hometown either the ottoman occupation (it was originally an anti-Ottoman fortress, withstood 6 sieges, but ultimately it fell) or the bombardment during WW2 (most bombarded town in Slovakia because of important railroad, more than half of houses were destroyed)
If smart people wouldnt do stupid things then we wouldnt call them people or we would see them as gods.
It is the antislovak propaganda
oh jesus, i wonder how the author of the photo now feels
Not like neonazis in Bratislava or stupid people in Prague week ago
I know I may have sounded like a dickhead at times, just I mean this uncertain hate is what various people abuse in their favor
Can't say I support that kind of lack of nuance
However, it doesn’t mean that pronouncing it with S in another language is wrong
Peugeot is going more upmarket and Citroen is left doing the funky experimental styling.
Every word on this map translates to something different
I never used an apple phone and I do not intend to, but they are the only competitor to android
Four restaurants in our country, two of them in the capital
Since 2013, version equipped with electrinic chip is provided, so communication with government or your city can be done online (like taxes, request for car registration, changes in marital status, etc)
Did he move around like R2-D2
I’ve studied French for 6 years in high school
" Some people will fly trough the small roads" ...  "at 60 km/h" heh I mean yeah thats pretty flying trough, if you are looking at it from the train going the same speed and opposite direction
I agree that EU has build quite satisfactory system of not entirely straight railways, I'm here only for the compulsive mental masturbation
no wait thats different continent
Finally  I'm proud of my country
Trenčín is definitely an above average Slovak city, happy you liked it:) The castle on the rock adds a nice touch to it
There is no plural form for nouns that's case agnostic?
It is from the poem Mor ho
No, he invented the internet, and we disgusting creatures elsewhere misused it for anti-Chinese propaganda
The only thing I can imagine that the ministry could do more is some sports marketing
In hockey I root for Czechs and for Finland
That's why I vastly prefer Bratislava
As holder of diplomatic passport she has permission from host country to arrive to said country at time she wants without any prior visa or letter of approval.
No issues I’ll gladly explain
So you had war in 90's, right
Rasta braids - he does drugs
We thought the same in Slovakia, but then the presidential elections happened and a truly independent, educated, well behaved person with absolutely no history of corruption, who over the years had worked himself up from flipping burgers and laying bricks into a successful entrepreneur and now is one of the best presidents we have ever had.
And it's on lot of posters
For me it would be the 14th century, that's when our kingdom was the biggest
In that town it takes me a 15 minute walk or a 3 minute ride on the tram to school
It is pretty much the same thing over here with holand, i cant see how this is going to change
Putting up with Putin is certainly not for teetotallers
But when they are alone they are talking 20+ minutes about how they met other race human
I'll oppose any cooperation with Ukraine as long as they treat their minorities bad
I think it's really ironic to say this here considering the frequent censoring in many subreddits
Robbed in a face-to-face confrontation by 2 gypsies
In Slovakia we have the [Fujara] it is kind of a giant flute
Love the food
Why is Czech doing so much better than Slovakia..
But I know that one person bought 100 KILOS of flour in our small local grocery store, so there's that
My MA group in Uk was from 22 to 55 and it was amazing
Switzerland doesn't.
If you stick to the geographical locations do it for all so Israel is a country in Palestine.
Just wait till Poles'll find out is UK buffee time.
You just chill, look at the countryside,can read, have space to walk, can go to a restaurant, even have someone going around with food
Yes
The title literally brought tears to my eyes omg
Especially since many people still had vivid memories of 1968 and Hungarians had their own experience with the Soviets.
It was 27 years ago
>When it comes to German, you're way off
Oh Lord, that's some trashy pop
I am sorry, but Slovakia, Czechia, Poland and Hungary were proposing this solution for years.
Its one of the best films ever
Well, actually Czech republic is non-participant in both ESFS and ESM, so you didnt send any money.
Sometimes, during high-activity events (like Christmas markets), there are officers with assault rifles or even fully geared solders walking around
I guess we Europeans are really not that different from each another
How is bees dying political lmao
Our translation of Harry Potter is quite infamous and is regarded by many to be of a poor quality
It's weird that I instantly knew who said that quote (without hearing it before and before finishing your sentence)
I think you forgot about ruski
The data already exists, and it's useful for identification.
I wonder how much porn flows through there
Smaller kids loved it
didnt work out for the glorious microsoft windows mobile
Hungarian: Nagyon szép vagy drágám (You are very beautiful my dear)
&#x200B;
Sir, how are you finding life in the US
I guess we do not really have a meme region
In general we are really close to each other and have a friendly relationship.
Court said the last vote wss okay, in that one Bellen won and if he wouldn't be president it would create a precedent.
And that's perfectly fine as long as it's not enforced by soldiers in
It's not overwhelming, since our media prefers to cover domestic problems
Yes great city, I have family here
And what would that dedicated ministry do
The It monster would like to have a word
Most casualties during WWII
I've been to 21 countries around Europe, and I can't decide where I will go next.
Hell NO
And there is this common belief in Slovakia that Americans are stupid.
Didn't he do this more times
you can have "dojebať" which means destroy something or do a fuckup and then "najebať" which means to punch or harm someone and this goes for every swear and every preposition or idk how you call the hings you put before or behind a stable word to change its meaning
I know, its really really bad that for example if the TV's are showing data about economy or really anything, they don't compare to the West, no, they only ever compare to the neighbors.
Power rangers
I wouldn't mind if it was dark a couple of days
Facts about migration and crime in Sweden [published on the SE Government site]
E.g. policies regarding China (one China policy, non-recognition of Taiwan and that except for president nobody mentions human rights at meeting with Chinese officials)
Because those people act like everything belongs to them
Plenty cities and towns are simply missing in Slovakia
Slovakia was just upper Hungary then, and the Ottoman Empire pretty much covered all of Hungary at some point.
as someone from slovakia
[Hungary, Austria, Czechia, Slovakia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Greece, Italy, Germany, France, UK.]
Hanged for war crimes after WW2
Is that part of the movie at least a bit longer?
Brits did
Which is the closest you can get
Also I think poor grammar is both very Slovakian and Czechian and I also doubt those two are words
Fusing the old with the new is a great idea, especially in Europe but it cant be made one
that never ceases to amaze me
Good, I think here it was swallowed by our corona news
Honestly, the founders of the country were sometimes just too harsh on Hungary
Can someone explain German-Russian connection?
What is this huge lake north of Italy?
Also of course depends really easy at university where people studied the subject than pub talk
The reason for UK falling to pieces lies 3000 km east of London.
Said by both genders
So you cannot just look on the current standing, but on what we are potentially loosing while waiting for political will.
I can see this as a background for one of those motivational posters for International Flavors & Fragrances
Also very lenient reaction on recent Turkish aggression in Syria (I'm not actually sure whether there was any reaction on that at all)
To be fair I picked up the fact they speak czech because the narrator told me
Oil falling, Western sanctions after shot-down of MH17, but also fact that predictions about insurrection across half of Ukraine proved to be incorrect.
More than I can possibly count
I envy your parking infrastructure sometimes
All in all Schengen visa process is quite straight forward and your chances of rejection are very low so I would recommend booking tickets anyway.
Zbojníci - in later medieval and early modern era, zbojníci were bandits that robbed travellers and merchants on roads going through remote areas of today's Slovakia, while using deep forest and challenging terrain to evade the law
That being said, so far I only worked part-time and had hourly salary, so I dont know how I would feel about discussing my static monthly salary, but I think I would still be comfortable with it, if somebody asked
We also call it “Morena”
For the rest of us, its basically "NATO without the US" - I do not know if this is actually true but seeing Slovakia in green, I cant imagine anything else.
It's called House Attack and it was created by some Austrian artist
Odkedy v Poľsku voláte nedeľu piatok
We did manage to get PM the fuck out and nearly gave him a stroke
> Sofia
What wordplays on that have Italian dads invented, if I may ask
No, it’s actually named after a town in Austria called Raabs an der Thaya
Can relate
Bratislava- Well, capital city of Slovakia
I find this interesting
Do paroma s... Vatikánom
I posted meme here and it got removed fml
Our great nation safestest
Edit: grammar
The point is it wasn't a relatively small town, in the Middle Ages, it was the second biggest Czech town
Again, I'm not saying the West is any better than Russia, but a bunch of people in this thread are trying to prove Russia is better than the West.
But everything they know seems be positive
The millennials and Gen Xers are not beholden to the corporate world the way Americans used to be, and that's rather nice
There is enough to see, lovely markets, breweries a bike ride away, you can do excursions into the countryside.
Slovakia is conservative in some areas and liberal in the others.
I heard that Slovakia also wanted to be called Slovakia instead of Slovenia.
My grandma has been smoking for close to 50 years.
Slovak version of Sagrada Familia
you can read up on what is what and what to omit.
however !!! :)
Poland will start obstructing European Union business and "play a rough game" in Brussels after the bloc angered Warsaw by reappointing Donald Tusk as head of the European Council, the foreign minister said.
That not bad
Slovak National Security Authority (NBU - Národný Bezpečnostný Úrad) having nbusr / nbusr123 as login and password
The main issue is that the overall education level is really bad
Current one is more of a populist party, I would have troubles even after 6 months in government establishing it on political spectrum.
Schengen visa application needs to be made at the country where you are spending the most number of days regardless of the entry and exit point.
So hard to find mates that are into Kraftwerk
Tallinnold town is seriously one of the nicest places in Europe.
Just because its not likely doesnt mean it wont happen.
thanks for this great summary, I wouldn’t write it better
America is considered leader of western world, free world call it how you want.
Syr
> Oil wars, extreme poverty, people dying from preventable diseases because they can't afford healthcare, sweatshops, inhuman labor conditions and so on
Blah, blah, blah, they wont do shit
I also found Amsterdam-Düsseldorf-Frankfurt-Munich and Hamburg-Berlin-Wroclaw-Krakow
Why do you believe I.never been.to.one?
)~~
Hello Passport seller I am going on vacation and I want your strongest passports
If you are naive if you think that its Putin who controls oligarchy.
I love eating cheese but for that I am pretty much a French whore
You wish ey
But wi-fi and food are pretty good
which half and do your eagles swim
Ah, Ljubljana is a beautiful city
this is amazing
Dick breast, interesting
If you are abstinent and don't drink during some social event, lot of people make fun of you, that you are "weak" or "weird".
So strict adherence to rules and unconditional deportation will actually save lives.
I hope it won't happen, Maltese coins are great
Which is another stupid thing they want to implement
I’ve studied French for 6 years in high school
100% would open a cafe
[Hanging by the rib] using hook
I would accept banning buildings over 250m... in Budapest there was a ban over 100m until recently
Do you actually dislike each other
Also much richer country that can afford better equipment.
According to article 21 of universal human rights, everyone has the Right to Democracy
But the word "actually" is so flexible and ellegant, we should just adopt it
I mean, yeah, Lego is Danish, but close enough
As for overall birth rate vs death rate, it's more or less net 0, so we are seeing only slight increase in population as immigration currently > emigration
So all sorts of bullshit like that Egyptian pharaohs were Slavic
Everybody shut the fuck up, clapped, world peace, you know the drill
However it's a fact that about 50% of them live off of welfare here
* *panic predators*
Tons of free "refrigerated" food
Had the Soviets wanted safety, they would've allowed for the Polish army to be reinforced from the south east as the allies planned to
Also heard great things about Oman
Worse is that my family loves it and it stinks so fucking much when someone makes it
Didn’t see any less of them in Lesser Poland tho, close to where I’m from
You shouldn´t be meddling in anything and than you wouldn´t be called imperialists:D but hard to do that when you are strongest country in the world i know.
Well, as many locals do everywhere.
Actually this is pretty normal.
A batch of troops were late and everyone tought that they would come mid battle, but they didn't the Ottomans demolished us and then the king drowned while fleeing, thus throw Hungary into a three way Civil War (Hungary, Habsburgs, Ottomans) that lasted 163 years and then Hungary became a part of the Habsburg empire, wich led to their union in the late 19th century, wich led to them defending the Habsburgs in ww1
You aren't supposed to act on your own
This Old Church Slavonic language was introduced by the pope as a 4th sacred language (a huge thing since the only 3 languages allowed to be used during services and to transcribe bible at that time  were Latin, Greek and Hebrew)
Its like name of some mermaid someone pulled out of Balaton!
(2) The Slovak Republic recognizes and honors general rules of international law, international treaties by which it is bound and its other international obligations
I shiver to think what would have we become if he actually kept his word.
(in the same page) Ireland in 12th place.
It’s šarkan - in Hungary sárkány
Obviously rise of right extremism.
I dont understand your statement.
Does the "sz" in "Nos Zbigniewa" sound to you as the "sz" in Bydgoszcz
There are solid soaps made for body washing too
And from the perspective of the universe, it's nothing
Praise the sun
you could do whole documentary series about it ! it's impossible to estimate exactly what's stupidest they said xD
I don´t think I heard politicians mentioning autonomy after late 90s.
Stepping into an animal shit = good luck (or maybe bad
It's also extremly common for Slovaks to live in border villages in Austria or Hungary (cheap housing) and commute across border to Bratislava to work or school
It's become significantly more independent from the local government over the past few years, has very balanced and fair news
Seriously
Like Austrians and Hungarians
About that, I had a coworker who looked super Turkish
Oh yes, one more entry in Slovak: Snatch by Guy Ritchie has been translated as "Podfu(c)k". "Podfuk" in Slovak means a scam and does not derive from the f-word at all
Later they absorbed social democracy and today they are representing social democracy.
I agree
German is more studied than Russian in al 3 countries.
For getting you to the destination or ... ? I mean it sounds cute but we definitely dont talk to inanimate object ... apart from phones
Tastes the same minus the diabetes
That's weird, I always thought of it more as a terrible deal for them.
Such a beutiful land
To be honest, even Slovak media call this "a bizarre competition".
The central south of the country
And the worst thing is, that when these things got exposed by journalists, politicians used to blame the EU for being evil for not giving us the funds to support our corruption.
The translator changed the names of the founders of Hogwarts (Godric Gryffindor is suddenly Richard Chrabromil, Rowena Ravenclaw is Brunhilda Bystrohlavová, Helga Hufflepuff is Brigita Bifľomorová, only Salazar stayed the same) and translated Hogwarts to Rokfort, instead of Bradavice
I agree
Im not exactly sure where do human rights fit in, in our world but that is probably just my problem.
You need to consider the whole grid
But toiletpaper
whoever, from the table Gods gifts at him always looks
Czechs got it as well
Iphone is for girls and guys who need to compensate
Edit: I forgot to mention that we reverted back to 8th of May, but many older people can't really accept it (and I don't blame them, I would probably do the same in that age
I struggle to imagine Finns, plural, together in as tight a space as a bus
Obviously I simplified
” basically “hidden or not, I’m coming
Our previous break lasted 9y (1999 - 2008), so don't expect us participate anytime soon (sorry no points ...).
I guess you can call it an improvised military vessel
), global issues (global warming and ecological problems in general), health (there's a rather high rate of obese people- we ranked 7th in the EU, as far as I know), ignorance towards the other people (most noticeable on the roads and in the streets),...
But maybe because there is other hiking spots
From time to time I have to communite with our french division in company.
It was a nice change from Is that where the trump wife is from comments
Sounds like Slovakia
I was also talking about Poland.
international law, international treaties by which it is bound, and its other international
I used to work with some Hungarians and after 3-4 drinks we always had history discussion, I loved it since we agreed that history should remain in the past
And they do it right and you nor the EU nor the US can do anything about it.
At the same time, I probably wouldn't be born in a hospital back then where I would catch Hep C. But dead anyway because I had a lung infection like 3 times while a child
Young generation grew up in world where these borders are line in the sand.
In Slovakia they have [French potatoes]úzske+zemiaky&tbm=isch) I have never seen in France (I guess we would call this dish a kind of potato *gratin*).
No, it is literally a bottle with big pieces of fruits - [compote] But it sounds funny/cute in slovak, especially for a drug
Now, maybe you don't agree that these acts should be considered criminal, and that's OK (although I'm not aware of any country in the world that doesn't criminalise sedition)
So those countries with modern communism would end up like venezuela, where 10000 people work in a company that needs only 100 workers
Czechs and Austrians are Germans now apparently
Has the country of [jakubmarian
Yeah, everyone did a lmao before the first war and they did a lmao even before the second war.
I thought it was Slovak at first, its one letter off.
Plans for this resort were initially rejected by [Martin Ford] Then there was this shitshow in newspapers bashing Martin so his party dismissed him from that post and rest is history.
If you say that in front of slovaks, be prepared to be burned at stake
30C+ inside, fan blasting from 30cm on me, yet I still feel like I'm slowly but surely dying
Its already function as capital of Slovakia
From then onwards the US beats Europe in everything.
Ahoj , moje meno je Ján. Rád ťa spoznávam
Homophobia (pretending to be straight is *fun*...) and significantly lower quality of distance education compared to regular education along with lack of helpful info and communication when it comes to applying to universities
US elections would end differently, along many other elections that were quite different from polls.
(2) The Slovak Republic acknowledges and adheres to general rules of international law, international treaties by which it is bound, and its other international obligations
Google search "Sir Parmesan Karl May" returns nothing substantial
Fascism 2 - Born Again *GOTY EDITION*
Slovak Presidential Honour Guard, patrolling outside Grassalkovich Palace
That does not look safe
But the neutral is not really a problem, because, for example, the word "girl" (dievča) or "baby" (dieťa) is gramatically neutral too
Grandmother told me a story about a Russian tank crew that found it funny aiming the tank gun straight at people driving by and how the tank convoy was following her car for about 20 km aiming directly at her
Like seriously
Please no borovička
Well, fortunatelly France doesn't have system where 2nd most popular candidate can actually win.
It's also around the level of Spain, which although struck with crisis, had 18 years on us as part of the EU and a much more peaceful transition to a fully capitalist economy.
An especially dark joirnalism that goes out of its way to show misery is "black chronicle".
Eastern Slovak dialect is influenced by both German and Hungarian
pssst
New wave from Ukraine ready to steal our jeebs!!!*
German is more popular
We love attention
Hej, Pochopil, pretože Slovánské jazyky su vzájomne rozumitelné
I heard you can communicate pretty well together
You should try to remind people that Greeks do not have Slovakian prices.
Asia in general do not make pasta, they make noodles, taste and serving is different as well
At least he was honest with his voters
Pretty "opressed minority / hungary bad" feeling from that text
It is not the same if you use it the other way
yeah but not by much, I cant imagine the government going after you because you downloaded Transformers.
Well
so much powerwashing porn potential
Really shameful
Haha very cool
And if it’s in a restaurant, than it’s basically the same but we obviously don’t prepare the food ourselves and we don’t play games so it’s usually more formal
They hear "no immigrants in my country," they approve.
So if your pro-communism support comes from idea of completely abandoning social structures and "equality" that is unbelievably naive
It's quite confusing lol
Then Poland, Hungary, Slovakia.
looked all from one mother born
I would say the green ones
Them being on mercy of foreign powers
Well, yay for stronger European unity then.
Best video ever, no joke
Somebody put ottoman empire down in comments, so I might put Samo's Empire here, we are pretty proud about that thingy, whilst it lasted
I don't feel in the least Slovak
Younger people calling teleshopping scam
My route of choosing would be
That's what my german/american friend said
You are just proving his point for him.
HOLY JEEBUS WE BEAT THE CZECHS AT SOMETHING QUICK CRACK OPEN THE BETTER-THAN-CZECH SLIVOVICA
Eventually Glagolic got replaced with Latin alphabet and language, followers of Cyril and Methodius fled to the east where they invented Cyrilic which is still used today
what you drink daily is not always what you offer to your guests
For our neighbours: the Czechs are good
Euskara, such a crazy language, but i really want to learn it lol
Petrzalka - city within a city, the Brooklyn of Bratislava with commie blocks, drug users
didn't even have to look at the flair to spot a fellow desolation dweller -"are you saying there was no corruption or crime involved
* You (pl
i guess you can find similar places in Finland, but Slovakia?
(a stupid question raised) < an Italian
Part of it is fully covering the dormitory costs (but not private room/house renting)
I was just giddy because I love Sweden
You are like Tenet land, moving backwards in time, it seems
Pizza, Pasta in general - spagetti, tagliatelle
They have everything plus 20 times more
Especially how different Czechia and Slovakia are.
I've visited: Spain, France, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic/Czechia, Poland, Germany, Austria, UK.
But heey he wants to come to Europe too, so we are kinf of leaning to half half
what first snow didn't melt fast
You just need to study Austrian Hungarian empire
Here the sun sets down at 3 (behind the mountians), i i do not like it very much
Also considering such a long travel duration, I am sure you don't need to show them all the bookings for all the hotels and a rough plan would work.
If you want to experience Czech culture then visit a smaller Czech city like Znojmo/Mikulov/Plzen/Brno or similar, since Prague is nowadays pretty much just a tourist city like all others
Or it will be the other way around.
* cop (plait)
Come definiresti il linguaggio che si parla a Roma
Ukraine, Romania, Bulgary, Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Czechia, Poland and finally Germany.
Czechoslovakia is really dragged down by Slovakia and Ruthenia.
") because of a monologue from the Bergman's film The Seventh Seal, which sounds pretty cool, but I forgot most of it
Soviet  socialism was all about giving people what they needed
After all, Slovakia was always portrayed as poor and rather insignificant in the history books (no offence Slovakians, just what we were taught).
Then he had the gall to go whine on BBC about it :" I’m going to have to go and face [the print] workers, look them in the whites of the eyes and try and explain to them why the British government thinks it’s a sensible decision to buy French passports not British passports
How do you call the brach of government responsible for military
Slovak nazi state, from 1939 to 1945
Like i said in a different comment, Bratislaba is not for sight tourism as much as for experiencing the vibe, bars and laid back atmoshere
Merkel support climbs after Berlin attack
The things that are associated with harsh or extreme features have the masculine associated (Sun, death, Summer, Winter) while things with moderate or pleasant features have the feminine assocated (Moon, Spring, Autumn, mercy)
Elizabeth masterrace
Love me some rocket leaves, aka rucola
I Slovak we use commas as decimal seperators and spaces for thousands:
I know right, just look how the Germans singularily blocked the CETA against all of Europes wishes ......
Basically every party here in Slovakia is pro-NATO, now in march we had parliamential elections and new party entered pariament - they had over 8% of votes.
Exactly what i was thinking about my friend
But I am also not a club person anymore maybe KC Dunaj from time to time, but that's not really a club, I go to a better looking pubs
If I knew how to do what corporations do with their money I would do it too
Hopefully this year
(That is Health insurance & other types of safety nets that are common in the EU) Do you prefer the US model
Nah, it's not PiS's doing (at least not yet ;) ).
Well, they are paying, you are free rider.
"Something (feminine) that prays"
dobrí = good plural
This sounds silly, but as a little kid I believed that the coast of any seaside country looks like the edge of a swimming pool with a ladder leading down to the sea
Praise the sun
Slovakia is not even on the scale.
The anthem of Yugoslavia "Hey slavs
If you know Russian you probably could go to the Slavic countries - for example the Czech Republic, Slovakia or Poland, but when you're a native English speaker why don't you go to the UK or Ireland?
I have not
Words change meaning
There is an undeniable link between muslim population and terror attacks.
Man these will be like 60° C when it's warm
People were curious, wanted to talk
That being said, Slovaks and Czechs can easily understand each other, I dare to say our understaning is the best between all Slavic languages
A fly is sitting on the wall - Śedzi mucha na sceňe (in a dialect)
It has smoker room that is adjacent, non-smoker that is via small enclosed alleyway away.
Scotland's law would also be largely compatible with the EU acquis, which would save a lot of time.
Kaiserka/kaizerka
I dont think she would lead to WW3 but she would definitely help it.
We don't like to be called Slovakians.
I have a typo there, \*we were together
FOX news made up bullshit about districts in Paris where police and white people are prohibited from going.
Well its sunnynthere, so it might be cleaning day, they can dry washed carpets
TBH, the viszegraád 4 are not really east nor west europe
You would think that because most people order from Amazon and such it would be more secure
Phew, I thought you were going to choose Bratislava xd
I Looooove Florence
a little bit :D
Hungary
Over the years, I took road trips to Denmark, the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Croatia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Switzerland...
Pretty strong on instagram, there has been a big boom recently and there are dozens of active pages
One way to do it would be, for instance, to set up a new institution "replacing" EU, with 27 states, forward all EU obligations to this new institution, issue a clause that all former EU acts are binding to this new institution with an exception of those which would contradict the spirit of the new institution and simultaneously freezing everything within EU, basically making "old" EU pointless.
5°? Depends what "good jacket" is, also depends on the wind and rain/snow
I mean, they're didn't even get the qualified majority in *the Catalonian regional parliament* for the independence vote
even Great Moravia was czechoslovak
Also found out zachod which means toilet here its a west in polish
Also if there is so many fights and after the shooting fiasco, good riddance on increased police presence there
There have been cases when other countries had objections and the coins [had to be altered] or [not issued at all]
Did he move around like R2-D2
Then there is this thing with regular length of study for daily
Just Wow
were asked about blacks
descendants of people who wiped out native population of lands their immigrated to should shut up really
” is “príď k obchodu”, but in ‘nitránčina’ it is “príď pri obchod” - and that little change between ‘k’ and ‘pri’ IS ALWAYS pointed out
Brno remains my favorite Czech city
The idea was to make a few soldiers do blackface and go around villages and cities speaking gibberish, but often mentioning Senegal
Ehhh this may have been the case in Yugoslavia, and to some extent in Hungary
It is not alternative media it is mainstream now (saw the statistics, the most viewed, liked and shared news are the ones from the alt media)
People will always construct some social structure, that is the only way we can exist, this is a biological argument
I like ours
Fun fact: Despite being set in Slovakia, this was where Hostel 1 and 2 were filmed.
For starters, there are Russian strategic jet bombers cruising around Iceland.
I would rather live the rest of my life in spacesuit than to share planet with Trump and people like him
Those people are disgrace of our society
The "czar's" soldiers defend him, and cut down all the youths, but only at a great cost
Absolutely not
Always wanted to stop, never had the time, but one day Slovakia, one day!
Are you seriously arguing about American atrocities as a counter agument to communism with someone from Serbia
This is problem not [only Serbia has]
"You cross the border to Austria, X actually works unlike the PoS X in here
One hungary to the north
The only only foreigners who ever portrayed us nicely are Czechs, and thats because they love Tatras and like to sometimes shoot romantic films there
One of the clauses that was drafted in this constitution but had to be implemented later in the same exact wording but through a different treaty will supposedly be triggered on March 9.
I just wished he has chosen someone else for vice president
But hold on, French is a bastardized version of Latin.
Krakow has a very artsy history too so you'd fit right in being a violin teacher, not to mention you hear more English in Krakow than you do Polish 3/4 of the time.
netusil som ze bratislava je v prahe
Full of young Brits making a mess, trash everywhere
Eric Cartman, is that you
I also don't have it for some reason, and my younger sister does
Borders are purely political bullshit that was mostly argued hundreds if not thousands of years ago
Jokes aside, it really depends, usually people do not have any opinion as they do not have many info about my country, altough it is getting better and more people visited it
I identify with myself, then the world, then the EU, then my city, then my region and I don’t identify with my country at all
However, ironically, in my building we have the ground-floor marked with 1 in the elevator, because the building was designed by an Israeli company (and to my knowledge, in Israel they have a similar system as in the USA where the ground-floor is considered 1)
So need to finish my French
Lots of high rises too in the new extended city centre near Eurovea, most of it will be completed in 1-2 years, but I expect it to continue for next 4-5 years
Would not mind having one of those houses at the beach
Ripped down only remaining jewish synagogue and also nearly a cathedral where austrian emperors were crowned.
Would you do it in the subway
Tartar sauce is the best lol
We are all kafir and they are opportunists.
I don't know about Germany/Netherlands, but sometimes you get different prices depending on which rail company you buy your tickets from.
To be honest this really hits me
Other than language Hungarian and Slovakians are barely different for example.
Interesting how conservative countries think it works well just because it's the only it's the only way for conservatives in US to win the election
We and Slovakia are too dependent on car manufacturing.
There can literally be ONE guy having a multimillion dollar IT company
In current climate and in the coming years Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, Austria at least would never vote yes.
Or were they requiring the languages
Hope we will stop this germanization soon.
I was actually really surprised that it's the other way around in the US
Obviously not every ethnic groupmor country, because people are mixed.
Ooooooh
Many tv station bought tv rights to this concert, so obviously you are supposed to watch them on those station and not on yt
That s why they are doing everything possible to lift them.
Tactical use of nukes would turn Western Europe into wasteland and Czech, Hungarian and polish soldiers into pile of radioactive meat.
That's a stupid, stupid narrative created by brexiters so they have something to blame their stupidity on
"Thank" is a verb and all verbs in Slovak (and I believe it's common for all Slavic languages) have different form based on who (1st, 2nd or 3rd person and sg
Don't get me wrong I love dogs
Its the first part of the sentence I have a problem with
I answered a similar question some time ago:
Prague also has a rich Jewish history, at one point hosting the biggest Jewish population of any city in the world, and today it has a large and impressive Jewish museum which is impressive for any history buff.
With or without Olivenza
Slovaks wouldn't even fight for its own country to be honest
Wow, this has been really interesting to read and I’ve definitely learned a lot
But how I said i do understand what you meant.
It's supposed to "catch" bad looks ("bad eyes") from other people, these looks are believed to be harmful, even induce illness or death
I try to keep up with US politics, as much as possible and I actually heard about that, and some other, like proposition or pursuit of it, in Cali, about, I am not sure completely now, killing sodomites, gays, or just some brutal discrimination, by some crazy pastor...just mind boggling.
We wouldn't be where we are now without you guys :)
I met Sapkowski twice on signing events before Witcher games were even released.
I feel like HR offices allaround, not just Germany are completely behind globalization and lack the skills to make hiring more smoother.
I thought Slovakia was googling Dr.
Wikileaks is literally outlet of one certain country hackers.
Some post communist countries gerelly suffer from it
Napadlo ma - means you were attacked by something
Slovakia
That's a stupid, stupid narrative created by brexiters so they have something to blame their stupidity on
With Schauble driving eurozone politics?
If you have Pilsner Urquell in Norway (it's all over the world), it's like a flagship of all Czech beers, a national pride almost, so I'd definitely recommend it, even though it has nothing to do with Slovakia
I would like to go back to 1896
But Cristina Vespucci wasn't Vieri de'Pazzi's sister
This isn't the first time these people rushed to defend their beliefs on facebook with broken English.
Italy has 0 reasons to be worried about Russia, they have totally different problems.
50 cents for a small bottle price limit - awesome because even in an airport you don't get gouged
So that would mean half of Slovenia is Balkan, but parts of Serbia are not.
I remember when I was little I could go to the store with 100SK (about 3
But it's the same root, "zavinúť", "to roll up".
From there I'd take a boat to Malta, and then to Spain.
Replied to other people that I make my own burgers, have considerably healthy breakfast and keep an eye on nutrients
**"It's a spanish village to me"** - having no knowledge about a topic
I have opinion of minority in my country when it comes to that and advocate debt transfer and creation of common budget plus forgive large part of debt in order to start economical growth in Greece and co, though my reasoning is that PIGS economical in constant strain from massive debt takes down potential economical growth of EZone and restart of its economy would boost all.
We had those as well during socialism, my grandma used to be one
And they have some good wine stored there
I would add also that some words from OP also exist in Slovak, 2 of them with slightly different meaning:
Amira
I've heard they cause uneasy feelings to some older folks
They do, but its not that easy.
We tend to click easily and we share somewhat a dark sense of humor
Location is also an important factor.
Also, it's been harder to find oil, flour, pasta, and bottled water in certain shops, since some paranoid folks have been panic buying in bulk
I’ve been to all these and they were magnificent places worth spending time to
I never want to visit that place again
Win win solution in my opinion.
It actually sounds like Poland wants to make us their satellites :D
They are similar
We got sea
Because: Bjork, Sigur Rós, Ásgeir, Ólafur Arnalds
with your logic, we can just throw away our morals, legalize necrophilia, zoophilia..
Róbert Kaliňák - head of Department of interior - who announced this police unit, is one of them.
We celebrete it, but most of the people don't notice
WTF, why do all these people do is want to ban something then less and less people do
I've never encountered any pre-sliced bread like that
Population is not declining, we've seen less Slovaks leave abroad than those who came back recently
Trump says Germany owes 'vast sums' to NATO
I don't know many Slovak Hungarians, but Slovak nationalists, alt-righters, and other right-wing extremists seem to have a boner for Orbán (his disdain towards immigrants, liberal democracy, the LGBTQ community, etc
"Dear motherland I want to love in beautiful Marina,
) and “Haló?” (which is specifically a greeting used on phones and nowhere else)
"), which I had picked from Reddit
32% - corrupt social democracy
Is it biggest in Sweden's history
The Czech *-ie* looks like it would be pronounced similar to the English *-y* (or am I wrong?) which is what got me interested.
Soviet (i know only the begining of russian)
Because I adore Hong Kong and it’s far more difficult than even Mandarin
Yes, very common, I do it every day
“This is Michal” - I think it comes from years I worked as a customer support agent at my college’s help desk, where I’d pick up with “Colorado College Helpdesk, this is Michal”.
Smaller kids loved it
You don't have to vote far right if you're against immigration.
Slovak may have 100e in his pocket, but acts ass he has 1000.
Or it was statistic, for ethnic Latvians which means over half would be able to communicate in Russian
(Also cheaper accomodation/restaurants then in Alps).
Moscow or Sankt Petersburg are full of immigrants from central Asia, just like internal migrants from different regions of Russian Federation/and difference between Chechens or Dagestanis and orthodox vodka drinking Russians is 20x that between rural Bavarians coming to Hamburg or so:d
The OP's question was: "If someone were to study your whole country's history, about which other 5 countries would they learn the most
Culture - Slovakia (but it's my opinion.
It varies
The bus can swim
I wish people would just stop arguing about pointless borders and cultural disputes and just started accepting each other and strive together for technological and societal progress
Muslims only make up 0.2% of Slovakia's population.
Seriously, why aren't such progressive people as Danes protesting against animal cruelty
From Eurostat statistic I know you are learning French as 2nd foreign language.
How about your country
Because I adore Hong Kong and it’s far more difficult than even Mandarin
We have legendary polish words
Well, last 20 years have proven that Slovaks shouldn't be in charge of Slovakia so why not let Austrians try?
Stuttgart
Hehe
Do I really see a hyphen
And she is fiercly loyal to her friends
Hungarian, Russian, Ukrainian and Romani are the languages used primarily by the people belonging to one of the main minority groups (Hungarian is the most dominant out of these)
One that comes to my mind is if you say something and don't want to jinx it, you should knock on something wooden and say "I have to knock".
did they rise up against Hungary opression of Slovakia for centuries
most compassionate germany - germany
Because to me it feels like they want to play the victim, and feel súperior to other groups, which the opposite thing we should do
*EDIT: [except the GB apparently]
Typical partisanship
Executive 2: Ok
But I guess you are right, there can be exceptions when other western countries have interests in it.
Accidentally the most effective teacher you could have
because here pretty much everything wit "ija" sound is written as "ia" "letter/phone" (because slovak unlike english or most languages really doesnt only have vowels and constants, but also "doublephones" like eastern slavic languages - ia, ie, iu, ô)
Are you telling me that pornhub is a lie
Its as if becayse they were so wrong with Brexit and Trump they went on rampage that French will follow them.
At least something you can say is "free and public" in U.S.
* byte (in the **house**)
Edit: grammar
Is it usual for Netherlands police to not wear uniform or to ride bikes
sorry, but again wtf
However, nationality didn't really play role till like 18th/19th century
From there I'd head south towards Strassburg and Basel to Switzerland with a fay trip to Liechtenstein.
Seriously
The same way I don't like a white guilt thing
Also we were making bows and arrows with our knives and shooting around, also making those balloon guns and shoot rowan around, also those kinder surprise grenades
They are called Kauan, they are pretty cool
Yes
That's what I ate, but I don't consider vegan food traditional British food
Slovakia - learn the fucking language, due to almost no difference it can't be longer than weekend course.
Kupačka
I'm not sure about other European countries, but I wouldn't recommend visiting Slovakia during Christmas (24.12.
OK hear me out
well, let's just say that ketchup isn't eactly the best sauce to coat your pasta because it doesn't mix well with starch.
Kiska is not creating any party, those are just rumours started by Dag Danis.
It is longer, lighter and thinner axe that could have been concealed in your shirt since axes were forbidden to carry around
Benelux has many Moroccans and Turks that are notmpopular either.
I know quite a lot of long haired men and they're not metalheads, but I guess they sort of fit the "highly alternative" group
And he is probably the only one better known yet not annoying slovak youtuber
Look: here the borders by the mighty Danube are washed,
Same in Slovakia, we use "svetlé pivo" (light beer) for beers of yellow-ish colour
Its something you romance languages can't appreciate
In ideal world
And that is a bad thing
They do when you share borders with Russia!
They also build 50 % of the new downtown, but did a way better PR job there :D
None of them is objective and this one isnt any different.
Actually, Hungary propably has more than Czechia, since a lot of Slovakian pornstars are classified as Czech
I mean yeah, first true king od Great Moravia, expanded his realm to its greatest extend and he did beat just about every neighbor, he even has a statue in front of Bratislava castle
The sad part is I can't tell if you're joking.
Also the flag is big plus
Smart
Thats why small island countries usually had good covid numbers
Poland, Hungary, and partially you guys, have lost the independence of media which has lead to highly corrupted governments with authoritarian tendencies (primarily in Poland and Hungary), while Slovakia goes through a rebirth of liberal democracy and civic society started by a heinous murder Jan Kuciak
Ic rial kanser
But Fox news told me you guys are socialists wtf
It's always during repairs
Sadly no hungarian is a really weird language
The first place we rented didn't allow us to put our addresses there and after we got our own place, we decided to just wait a year more because we would need to change everything to the new address and that takes the major piss
), but for some reason, West Slavs (at least those are the ones I know about) just replaced it with "place" and called it a day
Like, how could they even work
We use this term in Colorado
don't forget Slovakia in 1939 :D although we only took back what Poland took from Czechosolvakia in 1938 (and also some parts of land that Poland got in 1918-1920)
Little bit
This is just another example how stupid some people are.
>Im not saying all muslims are bad but from what Ive seen and experianced, the number of violent extremists is much higher among immigrant population then for example domestic muslim population
The translator must have been freaking out
Its not special to anyone
They shot the KGB headquarters and berlin kgb headquarters in Slovakia too
Help, please
With integration - obviously europans have it easier, then westerners, than russians etc
Yes, Aspic is the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted
Nowadays it mints euro coins, and also coins for some other countries around the world
(Though I know it isn't really half moon :)
Possibly Trump's stance on WHO was sympathetic to many people
Its a blessed land, thank to Lord in heavens,
We also learn about Guttenbergs printing machine
It is only blocked in some countries
Transafag
If it’s family or friends, I go with “no lásko
Why would 2017 be "King Charles III vs.
Surprisingly, only 7
obligations
It's extremely common
Why would you use english term in portuguese, you dont do that to other words
Police without guns are more uncommon than the armed ones
Comes from the fact we are from the middle of Europe so we are not limited by one language and can borrow some words/namings from neighboring countries and "slovak" them
No country, no problem
A few people told me to read more books in Slovak
They were hit extremely hard with SARS outbreak few years ago
I had to google it up, and found out independence day in poland (and the us tv show was meant for my comment about quiet poland)
“relative” means, with respect to a public official, an individual who is related to the public official as father, mother, son, daughter, brother, sister, uncle, aunt, first cousin, nephew, niece, husband, wife, father-in-law, mother-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, stepfather, stepmother, stepson, stepdaughter, stepbrother, stepsister, half brother, or half sister.
It's not just in the past because there are still BS laws being passed and it's still something that's active in the politics of these countries.
And 'hair' sometimes too
Older slovaks - those born during Communism - are too lazy to actually demand something
Actually we use r as some kind of a vowel
It’s not like for our accent (which is recognizable), but Nitra dialect has also a bit different usage of grammar
In Spain I would take a train ride to Portugal, and from there to Monaco to close it all off.
There were demonstrations in the whole country
Just wait until you actually are in University
yep, and the other way around as well :)
Hungarian: Nagyon szép vagy drágám (You are very beautiful my dear)
As a Slovak, this doesn't surprise me at all
Had banking union been in place pre-crisis, lot kf damage could have been mitigated.
Yep Democratic party has won in Slovakia
Also larger poll of volunteers.
Yes, the Kingdom of Hungary, which went through over 20 different monarchs in its history
To be fair I am not fan of cooking, but I do it when I have to I just don't enjoy it
The main reason for influx into Europe is not people running for their lives, although it serves as a catalyst.
By default, education is in Slovak only, but it is not a requirement at all levels
"V riti" - Up an arse
No hard feelings on my part haha.
This sign reads "Free haircut for everyone who brings a receipt of converting 300 dollars to lira".
Republicans last time had this kind of power in 1928.
Most of them speak their own language among themselves and only speak Slovak when talking to Slovak people
Wait when did that happen
Drunken racists from gloomy country with beutiful nature that gets a bloody shit weather and hates virtually every its kin and neighbour?
I guess every country have their people like specialized law enforcement units or agencies for this kind of work, but they are probably checking only suspicious warehouses, trucks, sometimes border control check trucks and so on based on intel.
Then there's all the minorities and religions other than Christianity.
And I say this as a half-hungarian with some very proud Hungarians in my family
) in conversation but officially it’s “Česká Republika”
Its hard to speak about anything "real" in the Carpathian basin.
To UK share of people that learn languages is smaller than in most countries.
Not sure how that helps him
Where did I see those rates before ?
I comment only things i have relevant knowledge about and i think this logic is the right one.
I am not really into drunk groups of guys shouting at me as I walk home
Slovakia has the highest number of castles per person
When did physicists gather in the desert to create a horseman?
Anyway, I have no idea what my country would smell of
A Slovak that doesn't complain about everything (even made up things)
If I wanna know about meatballs, I'll ask you
Just dont do that, enjoy your beer, food etc
And it was being stopped by USSR, because no imperialistic japanese would harm beautiful socialistic czechoslovakia
Thanks for your answer, interesting that Cuba is so highly in your personal ranking(I know that many Spaniards and Canarian people emmigrated there)
Yes, because transnistria, crimea etc
No worries, I was just joking
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
Fun fact: when journalists write about something that is not at all important, we call it "cucumber season". It means that there is nothing going on, so they have to write about cucumbers
But you should see how big russian accent other czech characters had there
If it was yellow smart you got 3 punches
How is it attractive when it takes so long and plane tickets cost under 100€
Slovakia due to similar culture, the majority religion and similarly terrible politicians.
Really
One would though that "it's Russian, it's bad" trope would get old even in USA after all those years.
There is a village in poland called "kokot", which is the most vulgar term for cock in slovak language
Cathedral in Košice
I've never been to Slovakia actually...
How do you pronounce it
1896 hungary had a year long parade celebrating  the honfoglalás (coming into europe)
History of being hostile towards pretty much anyone I guess
Hungary, the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia will work to accelerate EU negotiations with Albania, Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia, Szijjártó said.
Now where company branches in country pretebd they have no relations with each other.
And my best friend studied IN Lithuania and she loved it
Budapešť, so soft s (š - sh) and soft t (ť - I don't really know how to write it phonetically)
Well I have to mention that the quality of the dorms is .. lacking, to say the least
I feel sad Israel acts like that, considering the history and even in Europe people from the community can see this is not the way to go.
Best example is your PM
It's like buying 1000 condoms, yes if quarantine hits we gon be fuckin to pass the time but are condoms so essential to survival
This was simply because it was easier to stand against former Austrian-Hungarian kingdom together
Tor is much simpler than the Unix kernel, though.
50 cents for a small bottle price limit - awesome because even in an airport you don't get gouged
We are not that weak anymore my friend.
Wonder where would we be if the government would cut the corruption down a bit.
In Bratislava students confronted soviet soldiers who then shoot into the crowd killing three people
They get more money from benefits and child care than they would by working.
and Slovakia on the other which are interested in deeper integration
what I see in his face is the eternal disappointment in the unfairness of the life in that he is ugly and never has gotten much pussy
In Slovakia, if you don't go for a check-up, the next year your healthcare insurance for dental will be void
The Commission has previously launched infringement proceedings for discrimination against Roma in Hungary, Czech Repubic, and France (and perhaps other countries too).
Propaganda is biased and/or misleading and is not exclusive to public spending.
I can also recognize all european anthems and anthems of big countries
Said that those people only listen to AKP TV, newspapers, listen to AKP-friendly imams and everything that goes wrong they simply follow like sheep Erdogan propaganda of blaming US, Russia, Iran, Kurds, whatever is acceptable at that point.
Do you think that 2% of GDP will help Slovakia to defend itself?
I like dutch statistics, because they are easily accesible.
And you just have to pick a side and fight for it
I'm saving this comment
My country defence arrangement are not subject to Russian approval despite what quislings of the Europe would like to have.
I'm in this picture and I don't like it
The group doesn’t only speak the minority language, they do speak Slovak but these towns vastly prefer to speak Hungarian
Yeah it's not over
They have got better salaries and prices, and better quality of products sold
Genocide
&#x200B;
It doesnt matter what corrupt or shitty thing you do, nothing happens to you.
Svijany is probably a bit better, though
that we know about
Then I would say that both Hungary and Czech republic are more right wing than you are.
Well, it wasn't exactly Bruno Ganz type of breakdown, but I feel the whole interview was very emotional and if you play the last minute, from 34:00, I think you can tell the man sounds was almost crying
Yes, I understand and it's good that Dutch criminal justice system is geared towards rehabilitation and not repression.
Germany - Nemecko, Austria - Rakúsko, that's probably all, i don't really remember any other lol, but polish for example call Hungary Węgry and Italy Włochy, i never quite understood why they call them so weird, in slovak we would say 'od veci' xD
BMW drivers not using their blinkers
It's 33C here and I'm wishing for a swift death already
It's same sound
Or you could learn French, German, or Spanish.
There's also the whole Burgenland region and Niederosterreich with the vineyards and cute little villages
Germany, Austria, Norway, Italy, Sweden and the low countries much less so.
I don't really understand the meaning of your comment
I love these
I always feel uncomfortable because of the way Czech's treat me when im In Czech Republic (and I visit quite often).
What am I supposed to say as a gay Slovak?
Slovakia was for a short period of time within polish borders
Ružinov is amazing, I lived there for 15 years and couldnt be more happier
It's not even a town, rather a village
I will add Wiegedood for those who should
I wonder when was the last time I read something good about amazon, especially concerning their workers
One of typical stories from that era: report local Jews, aryanizate their property, after war change your coat to communist party and report anyone who would have enough courage to say anything against you
Right
Black humour in general must be also tasteful to some degree.
you know you officially renamed yourselves to Czechia couple years back, right
Don’t forget about us
I have a choice of joining either Austria or Slovakia.
I'm actually talking about the american incident.
And well its not going well for him
I do think more Slovaks speak czech than Czechs speak Slovak for example
Take any political survey map (especially from a country with high level of corruption) and you'll run into same results
And thats why I like Germany
Where are all those EU dictators
I prefer Ikarus 435 and 415 but this is very nostalgic
iPhone essentially locks you to use other Apple devices to get the best value out of it
[It sharpens you up and makes you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence]
Seriously
"Nad Tatrou sa blyska" is a classic
After awful 90s, when a new, reformist government finally got elected, the country turned around within 6 years - from a collapsing state into an EU and NATO member with a high GDP growth.
Turns out it was successful and the Hungarians created the rumor of a 2000 african soldiers, hardened from the war in France, helping Czechoslovaks
His condition worsened and he died within a week of being hospitalized
Anything that could possibly be remotely interpreted against that must be fought teeth and nails.
There are some generic Disney theme stuff like that torture museum, but the atmosphere of the old town is pretty amazing.
You always beat us in hockey, you bastards!
I get a blank stare when I say where I am from
Bremerhaven: biggest port for transporting cars in Western Europe, good hookers
well, but the majority is adopted anyway
Opiskelen suomea, siksi
Have a big dick
I have never even tried learning French
United Slavonia when
So we shopped a lot in Asian shops or Indian places for ingredients because Indian can be pretty vegetarian
The vast majority of the music I listen to is black metal and post-metal
Aand yeah ... I dont think why else would a kid at elementary school have anti-hungarian ideas other than what is teached, maybe teachers portrayed it in very bad way during lessons about Empire
The idea was to make a few soldiers do blackface and go around villages and cities speaking gibberish, but often mentioning Senegal
) and
Of course, there was also [Vladimír I-will-punch-the-f\*\*k-out-of-you Mečiar] but I consider it a different kind of breakdown
I just said I'm not at all commenting their situation, are you illiterate
Czechs know better where to go anyway
From those bigger ones in parliament
I used to hate the 3 types of D pronunciation when I studied Danish
> Orban
Even if anything is good, many people bitch about it not happening sooner
Leningrad and Little Big
ONly reason we are not living is same country is Austria..
That's the best one in my opinion here
> Also connected to Slovaks as well
In country with lowest unemployment in europe.
Can you describe it
In US for comment like this, people would be apologizing in morning tv show
Slovakia do have terrible trains and railroads
Yes, everyone knows that MPs are not people.
Inside I consider below 20 as too cold and above 25 as too hot
So that helped
"pracuje to ako švajčiarske hodinky" - it works like swiss watch (when something works flawlessly)
What about Grand Moravia, think of all the clay we could have Pepo.
Slovakia is pretty safe country in general
and where is major Walczek and those damn Polaks
I mentioned that 90% of the time the response to where I'm from is "ah, czechoslovakia
Exactly what i was thinking about my friend
Just drain and we'll finally be able to invade Britain on land
3M tickets printed, 7€ per ticket
Customers should take actions not the EU, when you people finally start to carry about yourselves ?
Mostly, the only generation we refer to are Gustav Husák's children, which are essentially baby boomers, nothing else besides that
Wales got more per mile, Belgium more per Kilometer, but Slovakia has most per capita
Christianity
Elektra and Thor are also ancient mythical names
Like Richard
Going to amalfi coast for the first time this year, can't wait
"They didn't get sabotaged.." because victors write history.
Greetings from Slovakia
Could you please elaborate a bit on his ecological and economic views
Miss him
Trhlina (2019)
They have found common ground in the end of WWI, when both desired independence (Slovaks on Hungary, Czechs on Austria) and the unification helped them with achieving it.
(or when our Czech bros calling us Hungarians
The legislation raises the cap of registered religions on 50k from 20k.
Where were you
TIL
&#x200B;
Here, finding a spot is like a nightmare; not only in city center, but also on overcrowded suburbs
Could it be geezers in the pub were wrong about this
Hah, like they have the balls to actually leave EU.
In here we want them to keep away and keep the distance, in Usa you want them close, because you are used to it
So for again for people who have hard time to read - I DON WANT UNFETTERED CAPITALISM
Abstinence-shaming; lot of people make fun and shame people that don't drink
Teach us your secrete ways, please!
Mostly jokes based on stereotypes, stealing, cheating on ones wife and politics (but that one is synonymous to stealing)
No one posted here a [Kofola ad
But I mostly ride on the less frequented/field roads
I know that there's a city in Czechia called "Pičín" which is very roughly translated as Pussyville
Yes, but you don't end up speaking it because it's pretentious and weird and not at all like all the american movies from which you actually pick up your accent
I visited: Ireland, UK, France, Spain, Portugal, Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Austria, Czechia, Slovakia, Poland, Denmark, Sweden, Hungary, Romania, Croatia
It is just nice
Oh wow, you win
And fines is like 30k €, Which is fucking ridiculous as it would made all drones no usable, for media, videos clips anything,
Telling you Russia is economically stronger than the EU with a straight face and such.
What is opinion/perception of the Crusades and their heritage in your country?
Szegény vagyok
Or they just stag-vomit in Prague and make fun of poor Slavs and brag how superior they are
It just seems all in all very impractical
Americans would receive the news and bring the whole army to Bratislava to save you
Yeah, we also [copied Germans] and unified it all
Another is the word kočka
The leader of that group - Marián Kotleba - is just pure dictator material
Whenever I am in Czech Republic, I feel like I am home
Yeah, what is even going out
Slovakia has a sizable car industry - Korean Kia Motors , I also saw some time ago that there is even a village for Korean engineers here
Maybe it's because some parts of Małopolska were influenced largely by Czechs and Slovaks before (Habsburghs, especially the mountainous parts)
One of my ancestors was from Ireland, so I like to celebrate my heritage by drunkenly screaming that I'm Irish though its not true.
Any archdukes around
Our PM tho
Ok, this is epic
Slovak: To slnko (it - middle gender) Ten Mesiac (he - male gender)
** Europeans have the lowest lactose intolerance rates in the world
Members are expected to vote independently based on their believes
Also, probably what I’m most curious about, what were your feelings when emigrating and upon the arrival to the US
Our water quality is very good
I am not EN native speaker, so can please somebody point out what I understand in a wrong way while comparing [this chart] with [this chart]
It's long and slow process
Maybe if you paid attention in the history class you would be more secure about these parts of the history (and I don't say they are too positive)
Unpaid overtime does not exist in here
>"Hoj mor ho
There was fucking communism and you had to comply.
OP is polish so they probably know enough about the good highwayman archetype, especially Jánošík. The movie is a gem, but it does rely heavily on knowledge of the highwayman stories
On the topic of Slovakia the Tatry mountains are gorgeous
Where I come from she's ussually burned and thrown to river, which means the winter has ended, the time has come for spring and the renewal of life
What was in the Czech translation of ASOIAF
For better or worse, [variations on Czechia have been common among various cultures for a long time.]#Other_languages)
But yeah, maybe hungary is above czechia in the matter of ammount of facts learned in history classes, not against that idea
Even if you count the pre-1918 history in the Habsburg Empire (even though there were different policies in the parts we and the Czechs belonged to), 10th century - 16th century of separation is still longer than 16th century - 1993
Establish a naval blockade, too.
Such a good song
If Horalky (wafers with peanut spread filling) are better than Tatranky (hazelnut spread)
Instead, baby Jesus does, whom you can imagine where he lives
Czech: Jsi velice krásná/ý má/múj drahá/ý.
The only reason my country is so low is because people are willing to go into debt
Hey we don't need you
I heard a rumor that in London (or somewhere else?) is a dedicated day where people from Slovakia and Slovenia embassy meet each other and change wrongly delivered mails
This is the sort of Russian trolling I can get behind.
I guess I could guess it by the name
Some abandoned their positions in fear of being "canibalized by the blacks", others due to the fear of being overwhelmed
Because it's the perception that really matters.
neither is mine, so I can't really fix you with Slovenian
Yeah
Ľalia
Spain doesn't want unilateral separatism.
Of course, if the train could zig-zag a little, Munich would be included, maybe also Zaragoza and Bialystok
But also very nice
It's only Bulgarians and Macedonians who are traitors to Slavs in this
Because why not
Amen
I think there was an immigration of Croats into Slovakia in the former Kingdom of Hungary
Or in other words, its not Putin who keeps oligarchs in check (as some fools in West believe), its oligarchs who keep Putin in check.
They didn't shoot to kill tho, but they were aiming for legs - there were articles on that in Ukranian press in context of smugglers, and it was viewed (at least in Ukraine than) as common knowledge about what would happen if you try to run away when smuggling.
Too bad I loved my former country, but economic differences were too significant,
increasing democratic accountability
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of
> rational langage
There can be leftist jews too, pretty normal.
First is, that our governments are extremely corrupt, so the US system doesn't look as bad relatively to ours like it is to the western Europe
My most favorite language is probably Polish, but I also really like Czech, Russian, English (especially Scottish dialect), Korean and Japanese
Sign us in
Maybe they are men
Fillibuster always sounded like a type of cop
Perhaps you should've written "Spoiler: Germany was winning
will cost the same i whole Europe
I hardly ever see my friends to agree with Israel.
For me it was totally LA and Vegas
But that is not case in Europe and yet...
Russia always have big eyes for everything (stealth bomber in stratosphere for fucks sake).
¹ pirohy -> they are made in most cases from potato dough,  filling depends on region (it can be jam , cottage cheese or sort of things like meat , vegetables , blue cheese etc
Anyway, in late years of monarchy Slovak-speaking nobility was naturally shrinking
I would rather live the rest of my life in spacesuit than to share planet with Trump and people like him
this map is just so bad i am sorry, i dont believe JakubMarian created it even, he usualy makes way better maps.
Well, in any case, Slovaks don't wear socks and sandals, so we're safe
Secret to Iceland’s Tourism Boom?
sad (orchard)
The age didn't matter at all
\- written quite dramatically given the times, but describing the real policy of magyarization and the real poor social and cultural conditions of Slovaks in the last DECADES of the Empire, which the declaration naturally reacted to
Strange, I had exactly opposite feeling.
So, basically we are forgoing the ONE benefit of digital vs.
Probably all of them, perhaps confusing Slovakia and Slovenia, but in most cases I think I would get all of them right.
Just Wow
Israeli
Pole would say both our languages are like baby-talk and we would say that polish language is like what toddler speaks.
When talking about Slovakia, we often get "Yeah yeah Slovakiaa, Czechoslovakia, Hamsik, Skrtel, Zdeno Chara, your president is amazing and you make a lot of cars" and after that, they are completely lost
How about couples/single people who decide not to have children?
Others weren't even punished that hard, [Šano Mach] for example got only 30 years of prison and was released after general pardon of 1968
Keep hoping
Also celebrating that some piece of shit died is nice, but right now you are the piece of shit but even if you died I wouldnt be celebrating it.
I feel that Slovakia has the most stupidest one.
Hungary
They are an entity that is there to make money.
Then there are other chosen words which are not included in chosen words, because they are not chosen, but somehow are written different in different meaning (psi/psy for example
I counted like 20 (PT, ES, FR, EN, IT, NL, DE, DK, SE, NO, PL, CZ, SK, HU, SI, HR, SR, UA, RU, GR, GE) and I am expecting most people to kick my ass
King Svätopluk of Great Moravia
Interesting to see if Kosovo will even be around for another 9 years.
that beer ending tho, is there some merit to it?
Sometimes when I walked home from a pub, I had police car stop by and ask me if I wanted a lift
* rub (back side, e.g. of a playing card)
in Slovakia, guests must get something fine -- alcohol or cola or coffee or mineral water
Do you have dirt and trash lying around your house
If Warsaw, Prague, Bratislava or whatever would offer higher standarts of livinf for, Joe Citizen than Berlin, Paris, Amsterdam or whatnot, we would have tons of germans, french, dutch here and just some outside.
Bit of a pain ....could be worse though France is shit for driving.
I'm wary to call it bullshit as it's accurate over there (the idea of white nationalism in an American context is hilarious, given importation of African slaves, and the breaking of European agreements to steal native land), but not here.
It looked smaller and the products looked less wasteful and were nice
It is the shit
Hanged for war crimes after WW2
Why is this the last post on the first page and why is everyone in the comment really chill about this?
Turns out, it's Czech
Yup
I mean all other races, for example people who are from other country as Slovakia and has different skin
Not enough Z's and W's in there?
I don't know whether to be offended or flattered..
How about a working with refugees and immigration
I associated more "zavináč" with this
Nothing unusual in Slovakia
Like I dunno much about current, I never felt like any books I got in school were very current, and yeah our constitution was pretty much sentence after sentence, first declaring our independence and after that declaring that no other nation can rule over us mainly hungarians, or something like that
I dont
This is the sound of train moving on rails with gaps
We were threatening the Soviet Union with our democratic reforms of course
I am kind of facing this question now, because of a boy obviously
Some Putin pencil-pushers or oligarchs?
I would say for people interested in history, yes he is, but in the general public, probably not so much
Well in middle ages making beer was one of the easiest ways of making water safe to drink, so low alcoholic beers (<1% ABV) were a cheap drink commonly used to quench thirst by peasants
Probably small village schools draging  it down
And "we" hanged Tiso
The fact we both aren't amongst the biggest countries doesn't help that mixing up thing at all.
Also Čert is a slavic mythology creature I believe
Like people playing football with hands all of a sudden.
And every such project causes a raise in the GDP, which even further helps the economy.
That happened before and it ended in disaster.
While mostly true, - *umy sa
It's a huge problem for us (CZ) too.
God damn I hate time
Usually when making this joke, we will pretend like we don't even know that Slovakia exists and when someone mentions it in a conversation, we act confused and ask if the meant Upper Hungary instead.
That’s probably the longest one I would consider and only because of the ultra cheap price and it being a direct train
Those are usually very low
You don't want to provide asylum for this guy.
We joined cause we were afraid of Russia
The top comments are praising one of the worst empires of human history.
Similar things happened in almost every country occupied by Germans and Hungarians after the IIWW.
And I would be close to my home - Bratislava, which is just an hour drive away
They are still in shits, but at least they are not falling anymore.
Would you be accepted as Chinese?
No country, no problem
Finnish countryside or Slovakian mountains are my favorite!
I loved Prague when I visited it, Czechoslovakia
We also have a villages called **Horný Bar**, *Don'tBeScared* (Nebojsa) or *Naked Man* (Naháč)
also "hlapec"(boy) and "jed"(poison) are the good ones
Minecraft beginner
I wouldn't call their situation as "pretending to be a victim" either tho
Both of those words are meant to be dogs, but both of them are right if certain requirements are met)
In Slovakia, English is mandatory and you get to choose a third language in bilingual schools: French or German
we would be getting all their mails and stuff, instead of just some
I tried to search for an incident like that what i remember but i cant find it, it happened few years ago in bratislava, where some group of drunk british tourists attacked a couple and the guy stabbed two of them
As a young Slovak, I can sing Czech anthem because they beat us awfully lot at Football and Ice hockey
Specifically, Trump tweeting about it.
I've only been to Bratislava in Slovakia.
Notice the difference between Slovakia and the Czech Republic.
Orban is not happy, but luckily the mayor of Budapest is tolerant person
Doesn't look like something worth of leaving airport or hotel...
Poland is willing to contest Russia's influence in the region while Hungary and Slovakia seem to be good buddies of Russia.
Second, though I am against it.
True, about a month ago football hooligans and neonazis hosted an anti mask protest in Bratislava and turned one of our main squares into a landfill, luckily everyone agreed, that the people had negative iq
Because what's good for France might not be good for Slovakia, for example.
But we love to drink bottled sparkling mineral water
Or something like China and other east asian communist countries like Vietnam
If something serious with worldwide impact happened it can be more
that must make our politicians jealous
Yeah, but when I think vegetarian, UK cuisine does not exactly jump into my mind
Mostly the line from Morocco to Melilla
Then there is costs associated with food
If I may interfere I would pick thyme for you instead
Two interesting things about Moldova are, that there is both the largest and the second largest wine cellar in the world located in the country, near the capital
Mostly because lot of people kinda put them into the victim category
Highway connecting Bratislava and Košice of course
However, in some other words you CAN'T use "y" to make the noun plurar, but must use "i"
Czech and Slovak are clearly two different languages, just very similar
These guys add on to old promise, saying they are *HONESTLY* normal, regular people and that they *WILL* truly and justly deal with *all* those who do bad shit to them
So it is clearly regional thing.
But I mean, take into consideration [average salary] when comparing prices
They had half a century to implement them, its Habsburg own fault that they waited so long.
I would love to know answer to this question as well, especially for places like Curacao or French Guiana
It's not like it ever means "Guess the owners just aren't greedy.".
Google search "Sir Parmesan Karl May" returns nothing substantial
Bratislava is everything – all the big international companies have Slovak HQs here
Does this mean we can finally stop hearing about Brexit every week
Fairly accurate, just replace the british flag with american
Trenčín is definitely an above average Slovak city, happy you liked it:) The castle on the rock adds a nice touch to it
If it isn't my favorite MH17 denier, /u/Glideer, finding solace in alternative history where Stalin got to occupy Poland a year sooner and everything was fine and dandy
Thats interesting
I dont know why, but i really love the French for that
But I guess I definitely need to check out other European anthems
Not very historical but rememberable
Do you believe Russia will attack Bulgaria?
The bridge, the castle and the squares
Well, you can
To the second question, it really depends on when they come from
Do I really see a hyphen
This is my home and I couldn't care less what it was called before.
Genocide
Getting Turkmenistan visa is extremely hard.
Then the children just cross anyway.
They shot the KGB headquarters and berlin kgb headquarters in Slovakia too
I'll probably move out when I grow up
since we are better in everything, i can say we are better racist ofc ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I think it was one orb to years ago that there was literally built less distance of that highway than snail can move per year
Slovakia is just lesser france
*Central
He went public calling for sacking of minister of interior who is closes Fico ally, regularly openly talks about corruption in country, said he was ashamed of Fico in UN, vetoed their laws.
If I did, I could consider myself a citizen of the former Roman Empire as well.
Ehhh this may have been the case in Yugoslavia, and to some extent in Hungary
The only people that i know and learned my native language(slovak) and speak it without the accent are from other slavic nations (for example Polish) but still you can hear it maybe not from the accent but from the choice of words
He sounded more like he was from east of the country
Literally **24 years** ago
* hod (throw \[noun\])
I haven't met even one sincerely pro-EU Briton
No but each of them has multi alternatives
I am from the West and I understand Polish more than Eastern dialects, lol
Orewa chin-chin ga daisuki nandayo
in form of small shaded sphere, it's hard to say at first glance)
The most interesting things are way back in history or it’s just common Slavic stereotypes we all share
That's an interesting outlook, never thought of it this way.
What would be the term when you are actually unemployed, you know that the only thing that can happen to you on Monday is that an HR person will call you to schedule a job interview, and you feel like getting drunk, but you've been drinking the previous three evenings and you know you should take a break at least from time to time
But most of the popular spots get crowded, but when you leave the easier tourists trails, it can get quite deserted
These Skyrim mods have gone out of hand lately
It almost feel like media want war with RU
So yep
EU and NATO gives small and otherwise insignificant countries such us mine, security for the future, now we dont have to look behind our backs, and can focus on boosting our economy upwards
Then we joined EU and now we are better than ever
Most anti german sentiment comes from Kremlin bots and trolls
People who are constantly claiming and not giving back anything should not be supported by us.
From what I've seen, čvut is still a lot behind on these, although the nuclear faculty's physics department is very solid
So the protests did actually have an effect
Strange that he did not name Latvia, because out of the three of you, they are the ones I think about the least
1942 90H-10S
Tell this to the hungarian minorities in Slovakia.
Because Germans are not having children.
I think those are just frustrated people and for many of them this is the only way to make other human being to touch them
You literally don’t give a shit about Christmas
Another beautiful example of what the EU is importing here.
IIRC from 70 pages, 50 were just copied, direct translation from Czech
It's almost incomprehensible that before WWII, Czechoslovakia was on about the same level as Belgium and the 10th most industrialized country, while by the fall of communism, we had fallen so much into the insignificance, being as much as [6 times behind Austria in terms of GDP per capita]#Growth_rates) and even further bellow Finland, while before the war we were on par with them.
While it’s true that the Trianon treaty fucked Hungary quite badly, Hungarians often seem to forget that they were the oppressors before that
Just a wiener in rohlík.
There was a certain amendment treaty that was called _Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe_ , but it failed just because it used words like "constitution" , "minister" , "law" and such.
Yeah, Polish is probably closer to Russian than Czech and Slovak are, we're already transitioning into more Germanic-influenced speech (like sounding like robots instead of singing while talking) and Standard Slovak also has many South Slavic features
I'm genuinely terrified of hot weather
For Hungary it was when our king managed to escape the ottomans,. But he drowned in the river and it forced the kingdom into a two way, latter a three way fight for Hungary
Omg indeed
This is at least funny unlike the statues or whatever they are called
I did some investigation, and Michalovce region should also have dots for following villages: Budkovce (1498 inhabitants), Drahňov (1507), Lastomír (1187), Malčice (1503), Markovce (1017), Moravany (1047), Nacina Ved (1815), Pavlovce nad Uhom (4628), Petrovce nad Laborcom (1063), Pozdišovce (1310), Rakovec nad Ondavou (1072), Vinné (1843), Vrbnica (1163), Zalužice (1171)
Or you can get it delivered for slightly more money
Polish working from home :D
/shrug
Wretched commies flattened third of the old town of Bratislava to build a fucking motorway.
Based Czechia (Bohemia/Moravia/Czech Silesia)
So generally they try to lure gastarbeiters or tourists to use Bratislava airport and not Viennese.
Slovakia
Also president has mostly representative function, but has some power, her/she is the highest chief of army, can veto law, gives amnesties, names judges etc
Will you initiate us all into the first three
What's not nice about hairy skinny girls?
I wanted to make soy sauce and brown sugar salmon, but the family (who suggested it) ended up revolting and we went with fried cod, like every year...
We have very little muslim population and most people never saw a black guy
I too, played ***Assassin's Creed Revelations***.
There was quite difference between Austria and Hungary, even within AH empire.
Our letter ľ sounds  awfully similiar to l, and I have trouble with that a lot
In Slovakia a lot of them got removed (those of Soviet politicians), and streets and schools got renamed
But Soviet powers marched to Prague a day later
Orbán would block anything and PiS would do the same for Hungary.
>Not much, there are just certain features of surnames coming from the regional dialects which can give you a hint
The photo is a bit old, there is a shitton of tall office buildings behind it now, so it doesn't look out of place right now at all
Its just corporate greed, quite simple.
He has the same oponion about EU, about immigtant ls about islam and so on.
I mean if you wanted to get paid during University, your best bet here(and usually the only thing), where I studied was working as cashier at Tesco or McDonald's lol
Similar west slavic tribes in the area of CZ and SK during great migration.
Misleading title, poll only shows how many people think there are too many immigrants in their country, but this doesn't mean they are anti-migrant.
Hungarian and German surnames are common all over the country
Too much shit on his head now to get to second round, he will be desolated in campaign.
[Rusyns] seem to be closest to the modern descendants of Kievan Rus, since they are the Ruthenians who do not not consider themselves Ukrainian or Russian.
At least stop telling them that.
To give context: There were more Germans than Slovakians in Czechoslovakia.
> Paul Ricard
You seriously think it would be real to hire people to watch every fucking video uploaded
Let's say we wouldn't earn a high place, if someone decided to rank countries by their general tolerance
Yes, same happened to us
Prešov- Oh, there are jokes of this ''city''. Many people call this city village
I mean...I dont want to sound like an asshole for trying to avoid taxes, but I would absolutely consult a lawyer before hitting it off in the newspaper and paying up.
I haven’t seen this much snow in Slovakia since
". It was written as a response to forceful magyarization and was used as an official anthem by the Slovak State (Nazi puppet state)
Or Slovenia + Austria because Cis-Leitania stronk!
Honestly Stonehenge was such a disappointment for me personally
I second this, thank you
It is pretty similar to Czech Republic, I think because both originated from Czechoslovak constitution
Efficient german engineering in practice!
But of course in the long term' they all rusted and broke down:/
I've been able to avoid trouble so far
I'll welcome their people coming into Slovakia for work, they are great and hard working people, but the country itself is not that good of a place
Italian restaurants are pretty common as well
Spiš castle maybe
hah We are not on the list after kicking out 3 of them and shitting on sputnik
No cats are thoroughly domesticated.
I am familiar with Poland and Poles and I check all the time language statistics.
I'm pretty sure Czechs and Slovaks thought of Romani/Gypsies when they
And it is doubly funny because it is in poland
I just love your people
Be mindful people
[Ikarus 280] All credit goes to Hungary, of course, but I just loved riding them when I was a kid
You can easily find fossils of shells there
Dunajska Streda or Dubajska Streda as in the home of Docasny Slovaks (Temporary Slovaks) and it's region: a country within a country, where there are billboards in Hungarian and most of the events and other stuff is in Hungarian
- much worse
Its unreformable
Although I am not a fan of Russia it should be noted that it is more gender equal than the Czech republic,Hungary and Slovakia according to the report.
Also a bit more innocent one for people who think Slovak and Czech are almost identical
Didn't we already allow same sex marriage and then overturned it again?
If you ask me, he was a neccesary evil who did the minimum (or something above) to not get replaced by someone even worse
Mor Ho
You should share your considerable expertise with constantly battered brothers like Poland, Hungary, Slovakia and Romania.
Probably the last option holds
Alternatively, you could go for a more literal translation
I have completed my graduation from Asia, already considered **Finland** and **Poland** (*missed this year's intake*), **Estonia** (*no university is offering Civil engineering/related masters in English*), **Germany** (*learning German good enough could take upto a year or more*), **The Netherlands** and **Denmark** (Tuition fees are very high, scholarships are always very competitive and my grades are not award winning, cgpa 3), and [No luck] on **Czech Republic** or [**Slovakia**] [no luck] [in **Italy**] [currently] [looking] into [**Belgium**] correct me if I am wrong.
They also openly support communist regime that was criminal and totalitarian.
Last WC I rooted for Belgium
It's like that doofus has some special, distinguishable type of speech
You can choose between religion and ethics classes
Unless the cuts in the budget start affecting even soldiers and they will get pissed off at Kremlin since Kaliningrad could be much better off with independence than being an appendix of the Russia.
* sob (reindeer)
Im just imagining a blonde blue eyed Joe Pesci with a Swedish accent sitting on an ikea chair eating meatballs: "Funny how
But if you are interested and sincere in your intentions, I would recommend you to open up any history book from the highest academics of Slovakia that is dealing with the ethnic policies of Czechoslovakia.
[easy choice]
Most of my female friends don't want children, or "at least not now" as many of them say.
Why
What happened, happened
but it is due to state support, more than its competetiveness
[there is nothing more Czech than a pub]
I am usually the only one drinking water here anyway from my friends
and
Underneath, the Roman – Emperor deploy his camps
And then I will be pro Slovenia, Poland and so
Orange like tin tin
Yay 2020 Aint over yet
Bilbao, i want to go there on EURO 2021, even though probably won't, i know that it's quite far future but i doubt that i will go somewhere else until that time lol
" is overwritten song from Slovakia called "Hey Slovaks
Soon the same cover with the VW company
Drove around Poland for a holiday, can confirm
Scripted movies favor stereotypes to reinforce their narrative, this especially applies for portraying foreign countries
But there won't be real nightlife like in NY or so
Doing that could help to make the healthcare more affordable even without government funding
detvo môjho rodu, kto kradmou rukou siahne na tvoju slobodu"
we all should stop putting the damned /s
balkan women are hot, austrian women arent.
Kurwa mać, ja pierdole
somewhere else but still here
Even when they wanted to limit it for 30 people max
>Slažem se, češki i slovački su vrlo razumni jezici, nikad se nisam svađao sa njima
Noone I know irl cares about it (even in IT circles)
And yep I am a woman too
I love thunder part of Slovak anthem but as someone said here , that it's about fighting
) and once it gets into an actual fight it can get pretty nasty
Non-Slavic people usually think it's Russian
Never, even when nobody is home
However, it doesn’t mean that pronouncing it with S in another language is wrong
I think that minimum wage in all EE countries is deeply below human dignity level.
Your pessimism is the same thing as our being hopeful.
I focus also on Mao Tse Tung and Pol Pot.
Finland, Anne-Maria Yritys, 600 000
Surprised nobody mentions that
EGO really struck gold with it
You would charge for an air if you could.
Cats are selfish assholes, well done Slovakia!
I am more concerned about the software rather than the hardware
Not everybody in Slovakia knows the whole story so they are often like they took our joobs I mean flag).
And other times it is just "Russia", "Germany", "US", "UK" ...
So it's kind of weird seeing him alongside Christian myths
We need to protect them!!!!!!!!
If a company based in your country parasites on the other members and your country refuses to do anything about it, how can you be surprised that the other members are pissed?
The weather is pretty normal for Central Europe (-10 to 5 degrees during the Winter, 25 to 35 during summer)
The only thing, which sort of saved it was Nesebar, that town is just beautiful
We should definitely bulldoze down the parliament
I dont know why, but i really love the French for that
This is more a European vs Asian difference I'd say
Czechoslovakia also sort of counts
Whichever side won, it will still lead to them acting like smug children, as if they obliterated the other side in a landslide victory, even though that isn't the case
I looked at this post and I've been shaking since
Oh hi Mark
The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic and legal state
This reminds me joke we have here: "Austrians are the smartest people on Earth: they convinced whole world that Beethoven was Austrian and that Hitler was German"
I'm not sure if the word itself is in any way related to Hungary, but it's possible it has to do with it being an order from landowners (Hungarians) to increase the productivity of farming in the country.
Treaty shall in no way lead to EU membership
Notice how it's less painful to hold your breath if your lungs are empty than when they're full.
For the uninformed, Tři oříšky pro Popelku is a holiday classic in several European countries.
Support of rightist jewish community wont save much, as seem Israeli government is pretty happy to be shitty at diplomatic relations lately.
But generally I prefer different type of food than I found in UK
ushankas are cizy in winter I guess
Till literally anything competitive starts
pick one
In the past the dental hygiene was less common, nowadays it's becoming more recognised
Austria, Sweden, France and Slovakia are the best
Interesting "tato" means father in Slovak
Buy local and ethically collected honey
also red light district definitely doesn't capture how the "locals live regularly".
Not those you mentioned but far-right politics are at rise
In the 1990s, corruption and mafia was all around.
Here i feel like this is a regional thing
I used to work with some Hungarians and after 3-4 drinks we always had history discussion, I loved it since we agreed that history should remain in the past
Putting Slovakia and Slovenia next to each other is just evil
I thought you are more like Slovakia.
Did not expect so many negativism in the comments
So in Bratislava are those taxi called VB that uses the same paint style as old communist police (verejná bezpečnosť)
Or when we fought for freedom the Russians came to help the Habsburgs becouse of a union that was put in place, because of Napoleon
Now I know it almost as well as my home town
Who shot down MH17 using what equipment
Most of Slovak cities and towns feel very similar to each other
either people get it or they don't, either they're thickskulled or capable of understanding basic sarcasm
Also watch / watches (always plural in Slovak)
Germany's personal assistant number 5, who Germany has no idea exists
just swallow it already and try to have good relations with your neighbours instead of trying to ressurect the borders of the old monarchy
It is difficult to get a permanent residency in an apartment, or in your dorm when in high school / college
Never
I identify with myself, then the world, then the EU, then my city, then my region and I don’t identify with my country at all
Saatana menee kotiin
Matúš Čák.
, and we got kebab food and shitty town square :D
RC invest 3 or 4 times to Slovakia more than PRC (people's Republic of China)
Does it really exist
For example one pays 1000p -1500p rent in London, whereas in Bucharest one pays 150p - 250p for a similar studio...
And the walk of fame, just a dirty street full of people stuffing you with their rapper CD or people selling tours to see stars houses
I am Slovak and the written Russian is extremely hard for me
Also I can hum Deutschlandlied from my German class
If question would be who has best noodles, then you can run vote chart for Japan, China, Indonesia, India
The best road for some sportscar to legaly get all your dreams come true and much more
Thanks everyone for great answers!
However unlike in ww1, this cavalry charge was very much successful
I think that řeřicha is more common
And "neutrality bias" is thing too.
It's usually in rural areas (which to be fair are very common since half of our population lives outside of cities and the number keeps increasing)
Who cares, the sentiment matters more, maybe talk about that instead
It was weird, but also kind of refreshing
Czechs are for me definitely more than brothers, whenever I am in Czech Republic I feel like as if I am home in Slovakia :)
Maybe its a niche segment of people who do but Slovakian minimum wage is 380 euros and maybe because of demand for jobs these slovakian firms do not have to offer as much as others willing to do it for minimum wage?
What's next
UK screamed at EC president that he is a beurocrat who is unelected and when time came that he was elected as candidate of Party, they were even angrier.
Also ever seen Karluv most this empty in the evening if the weather is good
I don't fucking care who you are, equal right means equal fights (in metaphorical sense)
[Peter Bič Project - Hey Now] was popular even abroad
Wear masks or at least cover your face with a scarf
Maybe because the biggest non European minority in those countries (Slovakia, Czechia, Poland) is Vietnamese
I would agree, that we get talented people from Slovakia and many students, due to bigger market and more opportunities in education and resarch.
define sandwich
So if you are not a worker, you will become a worker
At least something you can say is "free and public" in U.S.
OK hear me out
Sorry REPUBLIC OF CHINA (true one)
This case is like Nikola Tesla 2: Literature Boogaloo
You can barely recognise the honest ones as "gypsies" on sight
Obviously people who can speak English a little better use a lot more words but these are the ones that I’ve heard from people who speak no English at all
I will not be as positive as others
Brumbal is all and well, but it just doesn't pack punch as Dumbledore
[Only France, Ireland, Malta and Cyprus missing.]
To me it was always unavailable
I mean all other races, for example people who are from other country as Slovakia and has different skin
Those few extremes make it very monochromatic from 19 in Ireland to 30s in Greece
or do you use the spanish one
Even Chinese could be okay, but people would be way more suspicious
The toilet pay thats usually just like euro and I am glad to give it, because it keeps the place clean and also gives some money to person working there
Indeed, it was a shame, and yea, there were many emperors that had interesting lives
We'll get some neat videogames out of it generation later.
Eg in Kiev predominantly they use russian or surzhyk, but most kievans speak ukrainian.
Even Slovenians themselves confuse their country with Slovakia?
Way too often to be bearable for me
I mean sure food can be a little cheaper, but electronics, cars etc
A shitty member is 90% of EU members who are a drain, the UK might have opt outs but irrelevant countries like Belgium are boss, Germany and France dictates what happens and export to all the other nations raking in the cash.
BUt we actually can't. We understand, but nobody speaks it
In the UK there is huge eastern european population now and Poles are the largest one so they are the one targeted.
He wasn't a nazi in conviction, he wasn't as radical as other people in the gover ment at that time (like Vojtech Tuka) and probably allowed attrocities so he doesn't get replaced for someone much more radical who would go out of their way to commit attrocities, as opposed to the "required" ones (we were forces to be a German ally at that time)
Anyway, some cigarettes still get through
There is no historical document which can say if it was unification or conquest.
It's went so far that a pretty big college used it as an ad campaign: "Study in the right place, and you pave your future
Small class, cca 20 people and it made us very close
* had (snake)
But its not a surprise, Austria is not a member of Nato, you maintain your own military, millitary service is also mandatory.
Even tho they get dorms provided by university, those are usually without furniture and they bring their own stuff there
I left home at 24 after finishing university; most people do
I'd go to Italy for a few weeks, visiting San Marino and Vatican City, ending up in Palermo in the south.
I like how it looks :P
If I were a chick, you'd have me at "Zmrzlinový".
In our family it's kind of all over the place
People who are not vaccinated (with exception for people who with e.g. immunity diseases who cannot be vaccinated) should be quarantined or forbidden from accessing public places or forced to wear closed protective clothing with internal circulation of air
When do polls close and when can we expect first results?
I'm seeing it first time here and I kinda like it.
I'm so accustomed to QWERTZ that using QWERTY is a real pain for me
This ping-pong can go a long way
No we don't.
I suppose the prices in Slovenia are similar to ours
You nailed it in my opinion
:) There are idiots mixing the names though, like they are mixing Slovakia and Slovenia or Latvia and Lithuania.
History would have been very different if Rastislav stayed on the throne
Most of it comes from a bit more relaxed ruling and treatment of minorities within the Austrian part of the monarchy (where Czechs belonged)
Austrians look overall more caring about their environment than us, more woke
Funnily enough, years later my brother actually met the actor
So, throw million refugees on Greece and than dont give a shit about country with pop 10mil that went through economic meltdown.
We were taught at school that most aristocracy in present-day Slovakia was ethnically Hungarian, or at least spoke Hungarian
I would really like to retire into a joined Europe and just travel around.
I will kill a child
Central Slovaks understand them better, probably, but for people on the other side of the country
It's already Slovak anyway
Yup, I'm upper middle class, but the poverty in the US is unreal.
Possibly more slavic languages
>basically a requirement
"You should beat up Spanish Tourists" would be illegal.
Fastforward to 19th century, we have Slovak national awakening with many writers who improved the Slovak language to more or less the form that we have now
No, that's Jezza
If you ask what country I am from then it's Slovakia ^see ^few ^comments ^above
Thats a lie
For instance I am from Spiš and have different dialect, than people from Abov or from Šariš. All those regions are in west of the country and for someone from outside are similiar or even same, but I can hear and see a lot of differences
I think the map shows only the [140 municipalities] that have the status of town.
I guess my own country is quite underwhelming from a tourist perspective, partly because all neighbouring countries eclipse us in anything we can offer to a tourist
Oh you are still hearing about it in Belgium
It just wasn't "our" state and we place the Year One in 1993
Those rarely offer authentic Chinese food tho
We are landlocked, which is unfortunate, tho in the past as part of the Kingdom of Hungary, perhaps the Habsburg Monarchy as well, we had an access to sea
The period can be prolonged, the Lisbon treaty specifically allows that, but that can happen only if the remaining EU members agree to it.
Because I’ve heard a lot about the democratic ones (Sanders, Warren etc
Honestly, i would leave this country and feel ashamed.
The case will be moved to Constitutional court where HZDS and Smer judges are sitting.
Could you give me please an example
century presented Slovaks as its descendants to strengthen the demands to acknowledge Slovaks as a nation in Kingdom of Hungary/Austrian Empire.
It's proof their worldview is based on bullshit - the inevitabilities they preach have successfully been proven wrong.
But you are aware "sir" (or "syr") means cheese in all slavic language, right
It is in EU's interest to make UK and Scotland join both Euro and Schengen, if they can force it upon Scotland as a condition on joining, they will.
The traditional geek in let's say 1990s in eastern bloc was not somebody with Star Wars or Star Trek t-shirt or some such
Czech tourists and hiking in sandals, name better duo
Because usually when my fellow countryman hates EU like you, who they vote for (Fico, Kotleba ...
Red in flag often represents courage, revolution, hardiness, blood, and/or valor
Its a huge contrast, especially if you are used to barely see your server in most of the Europe
> I dont think why else would a kid at elementary school have anti-hungarian ideas other than what is teached, maybe teachers portrayed it in very bad way during lessons about Empire
Or the lack of a mask, anything with substance
Slavic names are all over the place
Schauble german-centric Ezone policy is, alas, too popular in Germany.
My friend amd some in family, had skoda octavia for more than 10 years now.
Universities are Slovak primarily, but you can opt in to take some degrees in some unis in English, but this usually carries a paid tuition, unlike the free Slovak option
And people think that those 3,3% which USA spent lately on military is a lot, so try to imagine how crippling 20% were for the economy.
People in southern Poland understood me when I spoke Slovak to them and I understood them when they spoke Polish to me
, Germany or Sweden not Bulgaria or Slovakia.
Now head north to Czech Republic and Poland, visiting Łodz and Warsaw.
Monarchs are one of them
Also I think its more about basic economy but as with most things that touch every person in a state, like politics and economics people talk a lot of bullshit.
Get ready for revolution movements then
There is also quite a strong Russian influence
In particular, Eastern European countries such as Hungary and Slovakia continue to refuse to participate in redistribution.
I am glad you liked it
He was already bleeding heavily and dying.
Yeah, right, that is why in 1848 first thing that nationalists did was put such proposal to Vienna court which just said they will consider it and never gave much fuck afterwards when tsar crushed rebellion.
Where
Oh yes, that's probably the prettiest, most touristy, theme-park-like one that we have
Fun times
Russia for
I would probably prefer two colors, white and blue, maybe with the coat of arms.
Take Taiwan as an example
because when creating the union and shengen people were right to asume that european countries and cultures will cooperate and integrate fast with one another, because there was centuries of development and diplomacy, also conflicts, even so there are disputes among us, dont know why those thick heads in eu thought we are ready to full blown integration of middle east and north african cultures
There is x videos uploaded every second
Plus when drunk it helps me to sober up
Of course le pen is financed by oligarcha etx but also , france is different to slovakia.
Imagine how many projects could be completed.
I don't mind because it works as long as we're integrated in the EU and Nato.
Czechoslovakia also sort of counts
I am interested in geopolitics, world politics and I am studying international relations, so my knowledge about US politics is 200x higher than common people in the streets here.
Well neither Nutella is a classic chocolate.
It can mean almost any profanity you need for the occasion
"Tam, kde sa chodia vrany obracať" - Where crows turn back
Also DeutCHe Bank Holdings is amazing
I live in a city in Slovakia, that's built on old Roman outpost called Laugaricio
I see your Zeman and Babis and I raise you by Fico (Party member) and Meciar (StB agent).
* hod (throw \[noun\])
Marhuľa in Slovak
I can see that people around me are starting to get "covid fatigue" and are less careful/ stopped giving a shit about any of the precautions like distancing and frequent hand washing
I remember seeing a lot of comments in Youtube videos about Slovakia claiming : "Slovakia should not exist" or "Felvidék(Northern Hungary aka Slovakia) belong to us".
not surprised about you guys
Cheese, salami, ham
Bratislava itself is ahead of the rest of the country but not that much
Czechs would strongly disagree with you.
If Czechoslovakia would treat hungarian minirity in a way Hungary elite treated its own after 1868, there would be no hungarian minority to speak of today.
Maybe Jozef Tiso, he was the Slovak president during WW2, basically the Slovak Führer, however, he is very controversial from both sides
I don't really consider it derogatory.
Right now, it seems they would rather watch their entire country burn than to cooperate on anything because the tribalism is just so strong
Would get the better spotlight
On top of that the real **kicker** is that Kosovo has as many migrants fleeing to the west as does Afghanistan and theres not even a war in Kosovo!!!
And they have a few movies now
that's cool, TIL :) some Slovak AND Polish
We here kinda believe that you guys are doing it just to trigger us.
>"Balaton expansion initiative"
I don’t wanna sound like a whining baby but I really don’t like living in Slovakia
Spain and Greece recognize Kosovo passports though.
I had a social worker friend who did this, especially working with the newcommers and especially helping those with not so nice and pretty sad stories
There's a guy on youtube, can't link on mobile
Stupidly silly
Consider EU has more than 500 million people, whole Europe about 750.
if they know better or only hungarian
You mean you guys dont have Russian accent
r/LSD
\*For example, you'd like to park at the parking near some Zoo - if you pay in Czech crowns, you pay 90 crowns
Those few extremes make it very monochromatic from 19 in Ireland to 30s in Greece
Iraqis are actually anything but demoralized since in past 2 years they rebuild their army, smashed ISIS in Anbar, their heartland, and now even recaptured most of Mosul.
Within just 2 years, we caught up with all the other countries that were to join the EU in 2004, organized crime cells got busted, legal system got reformed, the economy growth skyrocketed and corruption got a lot lower.
Oh Czech beer is fucking great, we drink it all the time in Slovakia
Norway is beautiful country and so is Denmark
And some parts are closer to Czech rep or Slovakia than anything, but country as whole not really.
For me it was totally LA and Vegas
I dont judge, its perfectly reasonable policy from US POV.
It's simple, but there probably isn't a party in Slovakia that doesn't play this song at least once
When I was in London all I did was tap my iPhone and it worked in buses, metro and trains
I lived in Prague for 5 years and saw about 5 black people in total and I cant even be certain they were Czechs so Im not really sure what u/mikatom is talking about.
I think if you justify breaking one law, you don't have moral high-ground for being appalled when another is broken.
&#x200B;
Probably 'Ružomberok', really dirty city because of factiories, endless traffic jams
Yeah, we celebrate our own history.
PS2 was pretty cool back in the days, especially if you had Shadow of Collossus.
For our neighbours: the Czechs are good
17 1989 was held to honor this event and it was used as a platform for the regime critique.
Definitely
Also Lebanon
I'm afraid You won't enjoy it very much, as it was only a radio talk show, the PM does not even appear on screen and you can only hear his voice, speaking Slovak
Well, first you will have to [ditch all vegeterians and vegans]
still won't qualify to quarter finals :[
Probably the widespread ignorance towards certain issues
Thay didn't violates people rights like PRC with uyghurs, and thay don't support a African dictators
I would say something about industry too, but I now absolutely forgot everything, for some reason
Yep, I would be okay if they distanced themselves from the player statements, but doing all that to him
Do you realize that Czechoslovak independence from Austria - Hungary was direct consequence of World War
Oh Lord, that's some trashy pop
But they become wildly different only after you enter another cultural area
It seems your memories about the portrayal of Hungary in the school books mixed with other sources, maybe teachers, politicians, other people
Well, we have histories of the countries "liberated" by USSR to evaluate the validity of that statement
Oh funny figures in action again
If you truly want to piss us off, make Slovakia part of Hungary
[amazing joke mens))]
Even if you count the pre-1918 history in the Habsburg Empire (even though there were different policies in the parts we and the Czechs belonged to), 10th century - 16th century of separation is still longer than 16th century - 1993
I was a dumb 11 year old, no clue why I created that binary in my head
Because then we would be ruled by people, who actually understand how to govern a state
That's right
She is not a allowed to enter the city"*
Reddit seems to think Merkel is a leftist
I won´t dowvote you, why you said your opinion in normal discussion.
Others such as Romania aren't there yet but slowly economies are developing.
Nothing saying citation/quotation
Edit
Funny thing
I don't know
Well, if you give it to Hungary, without giving them Slovakia as well, it would look like some weird growth on the map.
The amended treaty that got rid of these terms but left a large bulk of all the other clauses intact was later accepted and EU obviously didn't turn into a federation.
I still prefer "Czechoslovakia" personally.
Is Lukashenko's intel correct
Look, Orban is a populist, but he is nowhere near Berlusconi or god-forbid Trump level and Hungary under FIDESZ hasn't been actually doing badly.
Even flags are almost identical with just different arms of coat.
And Netherlands is kingdom anyway.
But now it is around 30%.
But this idea is me like, so (I)'m join even if it looks ridiculous
If Verhofstand wants to stay relevant, he must be public.
It was fun, but dad was driving and we were with RV and this year we are going with MB E-class so not sure if it is worth visiting second time.
We call it "Press Conference" (tlačová porada/shortly it's tlačovka)
Reluctant being diplomatic way to put it.
A little bit of caution never hurts, especially in this time and when the source comes from russia.
So yep
So I am glad we went Rokfort way too
Heavy drinking
I guess you don't do it in a Michelin star restaurants, but its not like I can afford those
I do love the hyphen in Czecho-Slovakia, especially as we tend to joke that the hyphen broke up the country in 1993 (Slovaks wanted to add it as it would go hand in hand in change of how the country is organized).
But you are aware "sir" (or "syr") means cheese in all slavic language, right
Everyone was WTF is a plaster
Ah shit, here we go again
Much lke when it used to be Hungary, in some places Hungarian wasn't the local language.
You are just pulling the victim card when you're not the victim.
Also yeah Samo´s empire is (was) mentioned more, also I seen it mentioned few times on here to be convinced that Slovak people care about it more than GM, but yeah GM is pretty big talk in our history too
No you only need to produce at least as much as you consume.
That's exactly what every tourist sees
However, awesome job you are doing, that is definitely not easy to work in this field
And thats just cherry on top of the cake.
Has any politician in Your country suffered a nervous breakdown during live broadcast
This caused Slovak people to unite and the word Slovak identity started to be used more often even by the common folks as something what unites them against so called Magyarization (forced assimilation and conversion to Hungarian identity which massively failed)
Are there any Ukrainian or Rusyn surnames that I'm unaware of
kaksoipistedededede
veverička in slovak
Its one thing you say during a campaign trying to win over votes, different thing when you sit in a room loaded with political advisors that basically write you the speech.
One popular scheme that gypsies in Slovakia use is called government welfare.
And saying "capitalism can exist" doesnt mean i am a proponent of such idea
That’s probably the longest one I would consider and only because of the ultra cheap price and it being a direct train
vo as voice
When I think about it maybe cause I live nearby (an hour away by car, bus or train) I never went there for a typical “sightseeing” multi-day tour I plan for myself like when I visit other foreign cities, I just always went for a specific one day trip, like we had school trips to prater or schonbrunn and the zoo, since I’m out of school I went there for a couple of business trips, and in winter we sometimes go with friends to christmas markets or iceskating in front of the rathaus, and I know some friends use to go to the opera but I’m not much of an opera/theater fan so I never went with them
We obviously do not need our laundry less clean than you.
You can assemble ship on orbit, you do not have to land on Earth / Moon to refuel.
We are living in a multicultural society.
Slovakia, if only because I absolutely adore its share of Tatra Mountains (highest mountain range in the Carpathians)
If you want to whip single women, visit Czechia or Western Slovakia instead.
It's like owning a big car
A good example was the recent immigration crisis.
For me the same, even my hometown of 80k people has more to offer
I would love to see that from an outside perspective too
Would be more insulting to me if you called my county Hungary
He can say "I'll win 75% of votes, bitches.
That doesn’t mean that those pronunciations in the other languages are wrong
I'm a weeb
*(In general, most of the time, Czechoslovakia was run by Czechs, or at least thats what many Slovaks believed
He has again had become a butt of the jokes because in the car with him, in a state car, was a suspiciously playmate looking ex miss
But it really is where I live ha
Most leaning to third option with few already opting for first and other thinking about it, pending the result of negotiations to make decision
The only luck is that he lives in a democratic state
so sad
That can't be right  that's like dial up
When the uprising broke out, the armed insurgents simply seized the money and were able to purchase the loyality of common people living in the region
I think this may be a bit your experience but I personally don't know anyone who carries weapons as that
Choco with alcohol would be a deadly combo for me
What about Slovak National radio building, in my opinion ugliest monument ever created by communists.
The nighttime is pretty kino
Slovakia
Polish meat has also bad reputation
I was there because I was backpacking around Europe and just got of the flixbus after not sleeping whole night
“Schovaný, neschovaný, idem
Brown hair, rockin hot bod, meh face, and very caring personality deep down, covered with layers of what TF u want stranger
As a Slovak I tend to cheer for Finland in icehockey as we share some traits
People know very little about Slovenia in general
But many people see him also as a national hero, just because he managed to keep Slovakia's existence as a German puppet state and we were "prosperous".
Gracias por la recomendación:)
A small factory  or a big house with big piece of land, nice car and still have a lot of money to save
1-1
Like seriously
Medocations you rake when you are sick were for most part developed by large pharmaceutical corps, IT technology is next to all product of corporations development labs.
I was there because I was backpacking around Europe and just got of the flixbus after not sleeping whole night
Absolute tragedy unreadable by anyone who has ever seen a usable wiki
So everyone who dont like things that made germany or any other powerfull country to EU, should leave so the EU will be like 3 or 4 countries, Oh, what a glorious union, never been so stronk
Soros is behind everything
Two interesting things about Moldova are, that there is both the largest and the second largest wine cellar in the world located in the country, near the capital
So are we resurrecting USSR just to show US we don't like Trump?
In Slovakia there is only one in Bratislava (Capital city)
Chill
I dont know what are you talking about.
[We've already done it, no problem
We'll help out
It was included in Cameron's renegotiation package.
(It's longer of course)
Outside of the parliamet, but important:
There is a right kind of white in his head.
Even weather was much more fun
To the second question, it really depends on when they come from
We love attention
[For those unfamiliar] \- still right behind my apartment block ;)
I am kind of facing this question now, because of a boy obviously
Maybe with exception of studying in Bratislava since amount of students exceed the dormitory capacity a lot
In reality, the largest happened to be Ingolstadt, but I don't find it significant enough to stop there
In Slovakia, Slovak crown was also managed good, but there was less national pride in it
Yep, Soros paid for all shit re /r/the_schulz
The execution alone was more of an political tool rather they justice served
Didnt even know its possible to fuck a sub like that.
But America is our ally(by our I mean like every country in Europe except Belarus, Serbia and few others-smaller and poorer countries).
Yeah, because Fillion or Macron dont have as priorities fighting terrorism...
I'm not a linguist so someone may give a more scientific view on this
Feel free to celebrate whatever you want.
But I do agree that you generally draw attention outdoors
I am from Bratislava and almost every single person I know from Bratislava mostly uses "Piča/Piči/Piče" as a one-word cussword, but it may also depend on which part of the country you are living in
How does Romans built things that lasts centuries and our buildings and roads are breaking after few weeks
It's getting harder to get a loan, house and flat prices go up rapidly and we have very few places to rent
Slovak: This is a bit more tricky due to sex differentiation
I saw much easier grammar rules (e.g. I found Chinese to have quite easy grammar rules, but I'm only really basic level in that so perhaps it would get harder later) but also more difficult ones
You aren't supposed to act on your own
In short, Czechs trust Czech central bank more than ECB
I have co worker who spends awful amount of time talking about how he would, and I will try to quote "Dig a hole in ground, make it white with lime, and fill it up with ...." Depending on discussion, there are all sorts of people who end up in holes
Yes, we still kinda are
The difference is that Finland did not really have communism and dictatorship after WWII.
'. This can be applied to the things I mentioned as well
I just shared what respected Dutch journalist Rena Netjes wrote.
Personally, I don't think there's any chance you'll get your own currency.
It's not only Slovakia that has been targeted by the Commission but this Amnesty report was about Slovakia.
Korvainen koira
ah, pich accent, he will do lot of problems during time i will learn swedish xD
Slovakia should actively manage the return of its migrants
There are some regular flights going to Bratislava airport (from London, Manchester, Edinburgh, Birmingham, Doublin, Kyev, Milan, Moscow, Rome, Sofia), but the best is to fly to Vienna Schwechat airport (has much more connections than BTS airport) and go to Bratislava by a bus or taxi (it's less than one hour journey from the airport - Schwechat airport serves both Vienna and Bratislava)
Me too
Just came back from Greece
We can afford to have strong security and our current lifestyle standards.
more (sea)
yes, it has some cons, yes you do not pay anything unless you want extra features
At least this is how I understand our current politics
The fuckhuge Russia propaganda machine has its tentacles all over Europe
An exception is Levoča’s white lady (real historical figure - Julianna Géczy) - this one they executed
>Slovak surnames are also very diverse in general, in a group of 100 there's little chance there will be more people with the same surname unless they're a family (maybe twice Horváth or Kováč)
President as written below is supposed to be less controversial figure, who keep nation united (because PM can be quite polarized person for obvious politicial bias), also as written below, there are expectations that government can change and president should stay (even has longer serving period)
In special cases, passport can be used as verification
That doesn't explain the modern state of affairs though.
same as "*okej*" in Slovak, and also similar with more positive connotation of it
I used to hate the 3 types of D pronunciation when I studied Danish
Except, y’know slovakia is full of snow
Alberta is the only province with nearly full coverage.]
that’s really something
However the other parts of it as Santa Monica and Long Beach are nice
And for Slovakia, 'jutri gremo na slovaško'.
Taiwan
For Smer the problem is that Kiska runs with 70prc approval rating, popular among many Smer voters too and his voice carries weight.
Are you sure ME immigrants share the same values as average Europeans?
English has completely different rules for pronunciation
It is high time to let go of qarter of century dead geopolitical definition.
what are you talking about please
I have a credit card that has some bonus based off the amount I spend with it.
And there are nationalists, especially in western Belarus, who advocate for having belarussian as only language.
Yep, it's the same here, we just call both "mesto".
3% Britons have not heard about Czechia but only 2% have not heard about Slovakia
Serbia in 67 was still under Ottoman occupation while Romanian principality was a vassal state of Ottoman Empire too.
Halušky
Yeah I know, and Slovakia and Cyprus joined in 2004, that's why it must be even more disappointing for them than it is for Romanians and Bulgarians.
You thank ... the bus
I think it depends on the ending of the word: words ending with -a are usually feminine, with -o are usually neutral and with a consonant are usually masculine
Also, they took control of the Transsiberian railway for a couple of weeks, effectively conquering half of Russian territory
We would sound like idiots, yes, but we could do it, if we wanted to
Although I've read that Bratislava does benefit from the Viennese economy somehow
Italy is literally like a 3 hour ride away!
more and more restriction every day.
Do you actually dislike each other
Most western people can't really distinguish Slovak from Czech, Russian or most slavic languages
Cross country Bratislava - Kosice (440km) regular “fast train” (5h50) costs 18
Non so perché ho guardato l'intero video
Yes and Slovakia and Czech Republic, too
What non-american would ever purchase american cars
In the whole country of Slovakia – NEVER refer to us as Eastern Europe
I remember that we invaded Poland so well that Kraut told us to slow down
Yeah, to be fair I didn't know how to translate his title in that moment
In my region we have this unspoken rule that we call different grandparents a different synonym for grandma and grandpa
That we are Czechoslovakia
Also if internet forum polls/rankings are to come by then UKIP, FN, SD would've won their countries respective elections years ago.
American is too far away from French.
I constantly have to ask them to not
was the Russian administration oppressive when it came to Finland and Finns
Every cop has a handgun here, except riot police of course, they have other means of crowd control at their disposal
Austro-Hungarian Empire was fine (I guess) for Austrians and Hungarians, others were second-rate nations with no influence (in best case) or directly oppressed (in worse case)
The reason is either lack of finances or that government/hospital management steal the finances meant for modernization of the hospitals for themselves
Its always about the same words we share, then they always switch to a slovak pronunciation
In the first lockdown they did close the borders completely
perhaps in france or germany it is as you say, i didnt really notice nothing of the sort in any other nation
Mein Gott, muss das sein
] [Still too fattt
Also even if we decide I am never ever willing to give us European schengen zone citizenship
So e.g. Bratislava - Praha can have at least 5 different ticket prices (because you can also buy return ticket at a station which has again a different price)
[Here is a picture of the famous Captain Slovakia]
Dont worry, people in Czech Republic are not interchange Slovenia with Slovakia.
1 201,55€
> one letter corresponds to — gasp
Biden or trump, what is the difference
Slovenia and Slovakia are the same thing afterall!
Also there Austrian royal jewelry
And I love cheering for the underdogs
From the clothes too, but also the way you talk or express yourself
Polish-Lithuanian war against who?
Usually a see a sign in Polish Hungarian and Czech and I am like oh we crossed
Except Britain, that stinks, and Russia they aggressors, and Poland with Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic they nazis, and Greece, they broke.
If so, can anyone drop a link to it
I don’t consider that a lot
Bulgaria is divided into 6 economic regions.
Eastern regions- poverty, Gypsies, crazy and uneducated drunkards, very weird dialects and accents
However they weren’t the only ones participating and maintaining the regime
He probably means top-of-mind- But I cant phantom why he would think of Prague
PUK controls Kirkuki oil fields and refused to send oil to Turkey just recently.
Uk is amazing with international food
"Šarkan" usually stands for dragon in older literature, folk fairy tales, while "drak" is more contemporary and comprehensive
For example [Banská Bystrica] just because it's in the very centre
Never thought I would see such a based Turk
Nothing comes top-of-mind though
[Hanging by the rib] using hook
Yes, my country voted against the redistribution but since the vote was 24 against 4 we obeyed to that, now it's not our problem that EU don't redistribute those people, isn't it?
Sure, but whoever would see this through could make the best OS in the world, the real challenge is to convince the customers to buy in
It is not tied to any ideology or religion
This is why I absolutely adore RTVS in Slovakia
So it is just a map of FEMALE pornstars
She’s supposed to haunt several places, which must be very taxing for her, poor one
Yeah, and being left wing on immigration means total abolition of borders and white genocide, am I right?
I am actually a Slovak living in the "Hungarian" south of Slovakia and despite living in a majority Hungarian area I don't understand nor speak it.
Personally, I haven't heard it outside of that show or when someone was referencing it
Slovakia had major support for democratic party at that point
and where is major Walczek and those damn Polaks
I would be very interested in rentability of this transportation system since it can only hardly compete classic trains with multiple stations.
Places like Tikrit or Samarra didn't see any terrorist attack since liberation.
Illegal in some countries, lol, for the better I think
And the rocky Tatra, like a wall runs round along
> shows missing coolness
You probably never gone through fast devaluation of your income and savings.
I wish we could get someone like Austria *smirk smirk* into V4 (or, rather V5 after that
Germany for being a political role model (though you're fucking it up with AfD lately)
That there is a huge conspiracy of Germanic people to destroy or enslave Slavs within the EU and that the Russia is the only solution
But there, no cafes
"zničený ako cigánská hračka" - destroyed like a gypsy toy (when one is completely exhausted and doesnt feel well, for example in the morning after heavy drinking)
Or is it Kaliningrad oblast of Russia
Couple years back in Istanbul I met a girl who was born and raised in US of A and when she heard me saying that I'm from Slovakia she just happily exclaimed how she is Slovak too given her mother is from Slovakia and father from Czechia
- the prices differ when you buy a ticket online and at a station
You act like if EU got involved in some internal Irish matter that doesn't concern it.
Otherwise it's more or less standard Slovak and Czech cuisine with a lot of European influence and food
Sadly, it's not happening in the near future
They also [tried to alter] our (Slovak) commemorative coin dedicated to saints Cyril and Methodius but we won that battle
&#x200B;
Try searching on wikipedia for country's proficiency in English.
Czech Republic and Hungary mostly
so many good things were abolished here onlu, because communists invented it/established it here decades ago....
For Czech republic, I found a [source] stating the following:
You could get 4ka, which has unlimited data and calls for 20 euros
If we are to compare it to eifell tower in paris I'd stick with UFO bridge in Bratislava
easy, you can call them 'eastern' every time you want to piss them :P
what makes price index higher in Astoria is mostly cost of services houses, rents, utilities, insurances.
Usually I'm limited by other side.
Last huge pandemic hitting Europe was Spanish flu hundred years ago
But I believe young people, especially the ones i meet on EU exchanges are beyond this and can converse as masters
Hmmm, I do not know about that if we have good duck meat or chicken meat, because I am so used to it
V čem má být háček
Or Hungarian
Because I’ve heard a lot about the democratic ones (Sanders, Warren etc
Well, being incapable of properly representing and recognizing its vast minorities was the downfall of austria hungary and by start of ww1 it was already too late
Like what are you supposed to do with people like them
Then there is šukať and szukat (Polish)
Nowadays I am a completely loyal beer person, and I always look back to Branik thinking
Orewa chin-chin ga daisuki nandayo
You are right, however it was issue in the past.
edit: grammar
I used to collect these few years back
Argentina, Colombia, Cuba, Venezuela and Mexico?
Twice a year, one of which is an obligatory trip to Slovakia to ski or to hike in the mountains.
The ex Prime Minister of Slovakia Peter Pellegrini [hanging the curtains] of his mother, [building a closet] or [splitting wood] More on his FB and IG
Not within the current borders, but Felvidék (Slovakia) has hilarious accent, they say almost every vowel differently than the other dialects.
If we wanted to separate countries on the basis of values and tradition we would need at least 5 times the amount of countries here in Europe, probably a lot more
I am proud that I was born in Europe and can call myself European Citizen
If the UK leaves the EU, it will not raise anchors and sail away into the Atlantic, but will probably enter a Norway or Switzerland-type of agreement with the EU.
My most favourite moments is when Czech, Slovak and Pole sit behind the same table in one of Tatra cottages, drinking beer after a hike
Imho that is the best option for the rest of europe as well
Dunno but Im preety sure we were portrayed as opressed minority in the books
I left home at 24 after finishing university; most people do
He's proposing to give poor pensioners a christmas bonus.
Progresívne Slovensko: left-wing progressives
Lol, as a guy from Slovakia, it sounds like a compliment
Other christmas movies are of course, old Czechoslovak and Slovak movies like Kurvahosigutntag, Mrazik (Frost father
They use cute words for everything
I would like to call this picture into question because as far as my knowledge goes our prime minister is far from being pro russian.
Also, If a foreigner wants to experience a bit of cultural mix, he/she could visit western/southern Slovakia
heh the british lmao
But I know our 2 main companies in industry sector are Slovnaft in Bratislava (Slovak fuel refinery) and USS in Košice (United States Steel- The name speaks for itself pretty much)
Lithuania, Latvia are closer in a lot of ways to Poland, Slovakia, ...
No worries:)
actually it does, aside from that water thing the blooming willow is supposed to give the girls power and health
Auto powerhouse Slovakia eyes post-Brexit UK car industry
I always had this feeling in my life
So that's the leisure
How do you pronounce it
You save for the whole year to buy something
Distant form is paid
Where do i sign up my country for this tradition
I once saw a huge governmental ad in one criticizing Brussels and Juncker, and she took it as a fact that the EU is trying to rule us without our input
Brno is overrated, Olomouc is the heart of Moravia
The Poles, I dont know much about really
Former Czecho-Slovakian Republic of Czechia
Didn't start owning one until few years later, and even then many people just don't care or forget and leave the permanent address at their parents' anyway for years
And since my native language is Croatian I can almost get away in few more counties ( Slovakia, Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, Montenegro, Bulgaria and anybody speaking Russian because of the language similarities.)
But it's very subjective, I just wanted to point out that it depends on who you ask.
This perfectly shows how stupid the outrage around Article 13 is
That they are responsible for deaths of migrants in the sea.
Well I remember that
You nailed it in my opinion
Oof it’s quite hard to say in Slovakia
Mám to u riti - lit
But times has changed, now we know what it looks like and also we are far behind industrial revolution and this just makes no sense in todays society even from philosophical point of view
We did in my school but not many schools have them
But he know that if he would stick to the leftist pro gay and other things like that he would never pass the 5%..
I was in Prague few years back, and I remember being surprised when I saw police armed with assault rifles at Masarykovo nádraží. However, I haven't seen armed officers anywhere else in Prague
You kinda already did
Let's say that I was quite surprised to see my father nonchalantly singing the lyrics, even though he didn't know their meaning and translation, because he doesn't speak English at all
Its slovakian because Slovakia doesnt recognise Kosovo.
We wouldn't be where we are now without you guys :)
The store owners complained that their customers or them can't easily park
We exist
We were so nazi that even the real nazis were shocked how good nazis we made
It's not like we're different countries culturally, and I kinda don't care about politics, so I don't even count it to "leaving" my country
Food is generally cheap in Slovakia and even cheaper at school canteen since it's partially funded by university/government
Has to be pretty nice moment
Czech Republic and Hungary mostly
Baltic states : I know only about Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Where is Slovakia and Portugal?
what goes for dead bodies, who cares they are dead so they arent hurt and *phils are happy.
Dont seem like his plan is to piss off Scots red-face
Matthew Csak
Im fairly sure I have a few from Slovakia and Austria
Where's the spinning dude looking at the ground with a rifle
People there (at least Czech Rep, Slovakia, Hungary) just like it better if you call the region Central Europe.
Tell him that in Prague, it's common to ask random women on the street if they want to have sex for a few bucks and be filmed while at it
And, unsurprisingly, its used same way in Slovakia
Excuse me, how can you eat a month for 100€-200€ in Norway
It can mean almost any profanity you need for the occasion
In that case, it is 70€ per month
Basically it's almost always only Hungarians
This is almost every country
You don't have a right to health care.
Try this next time: third fanta, third coke, third carbonated water
What can you do people watch MSM showing them Putin s tanks on the way all the time...
Also, they took control of the Transsiberian railway for a couple of weeks, effectively conquering half of Russian territory
The baltics *kind of* make sense if you squint hard enough but Hungarians make absolutely zero sense.
Rude
I hitchhiked from Slovakia all the way to Kristiansand and spend there 1 week in tent in luxury part of town on beach  met a lot of friendly people definitely want to come back
What if you don't want ice
The elections in post war Czechoslovakia were fair.
I think it comes down to the fact, that seeing black person for example is really rare
Can't hide communist in himself.
I still don't understand what was the purpose of that scene any, it kinda didn't fit into narrative
More on the story in [this article]
I mean what do you expect from former CCCP countries  usually if you don’t drink you are the weird one here
I do know you and Malta are the only countries in Europe where Italian is really popular and usefull foreign language.
I mean, if they retain control of the Senate and Mitch does nothing for the next two years, that sentiment kinda stands
I remember when there was a debate about how unfair it was, that the poorer new Euro countries in the Baltics and Eastern Europe (Slovakia, Slovenia) to bail out "richer" Greece.
Slovak parliament:
But the initial impression it left wasn't a good one to put it mildly.
I remeber colleagues in Antwerp telling me about bomb attacks in early 80s. Terrorism is one of the worse tactics
In that time stories tell only of rape, pillage and all out destruction by Ottoman Turks.
They are so huge that visitors have to be transported by cars inside
If you dont have any high demand technical skill, you are the one going to crop vegetables in the fields, so you can start right away, even with no communism
I have actually heard that Czechs don't do that
Decade ago Czechs decriminalized marihuana and passed law that allowed registered partnership.
More Slovaks live in USA than in capital city of Slovakia
His album 'Substrata' is considered on of the classics there
*2016 flashbacks*
All EU countries with Roma minority have huge problems, be it in the western or eastern part.
Those things are easily accessible and utilizable with our current knowledge.
It is the EU's fault by the way, Greece should not have been allowed to join the single market in the state that their economy was at that time
Plus some things will still have to be imported to UK from EU, hence the higher price tag.
Situácia je na piču a to každý vie
For example, a few deputies wanted to start a parliament session with Lord's Prayer
Slovenia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria.
Iphone is for girls and guys who need to compensate
They are more puffy, and also they usually do not contain whole fruit, only jam or chocolate if anything
I always talk about something in slovak and then forget the word but I know what it is in english and vice versa
No matter how big they are it still cant compare to the loading capacity of a van
Dude I feel you, guess the skialp season is over
Did you ever wached a talkshow with him in german tv?
There is some roman writing on the wall of the rock upon which the medieval lords of this area build a beautiful castle
You conveniently left out your beyond ridiculous number pronunciation system
That basically applies for the rest of Slovakia
Fight against corruption has to be the priority of the public.
So elegant
you have some explaining to do
How
Part of it is fully covering the dormitory costs (but not private room/house renting)
It's not about where you're from, it's about how our body functions
Lol Russians are complaining that somebody else has breached the treaty.
I generally think I am not a totally ugly person, but there i was super conscious about what was I wearing and how I looked
Russians are slavs, and slavs are European
Things like this, when people have claim or some other connection to something from long ago, even though if doesn't really exists now, excite me.
I was thinking about Hungary and Slovakia, more specifically Jobbik and People's Party Our Slovakia.
One of the most beautiful places I ever been to
Thinking this is a huge mistake
This is a big deal because you get a lot of bang for your money.
Lot of runners use it too
Most likely some ruler somewhere webted erb because other bloke had it and someone scribed somethibg he liked, the end.
It seems to focus on Slavic countries without too much emphasis on Russia.
Basically the biggest issue is that there's no solution
But I have been in a lot ac battles when living with male roommates
Regular dark hair - Oh so you are into metal
Interesting, did the Poles really invite Teutons at first?
Czech, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia etc you'll be fine if you're not daft.
Some do, but many see 1st CS republic as an ideal state
Hey what do you say about Malaga, Santiago de Compostela and Bilbao
Obviously people who can speak English a little better use a lot more words but these are the ones that I’ve heard from people who speak no English at all
eh, i think having Romania and Slovakia as enemies is enough.
To Ask reddit - never been there - asking or reading posts, my answer is still the same - if someone is saying this has no knowledge about cold war and my opinion is that if i don´t know about something i won´t comment on it or discuss it.
Otherwise this must have been fun
Hence the name protectorate
I just don't have a picture of them right now
Wear masks or at least cover your face with a scarf
hmm
If you don't want it just give the city to us
At the time when they decide to live on their own (either from their own will or due to e.g. work in different city) or when they are kicked out of the parents' house
People with lighter hair like me, usually don't have beards unless they are over 30 and fathers, from what I've noticed lol
As the city does not offer many touristic attractions, it's really about the atmosphere, and that is best experienced with friends or with locals that know where and when to go
We have more:
Yes
Never trust a word out of those mouths.
5% - Corrupt and unsophisticated far-right overt 1488ers, nobody wants anything to have with them
Whelp
Seriously if you have any knowledge on this topic stop comparing Crimea with NATO state and possible invasion.
Ok, Ďakujem,  vyskúšam to
Glad you enjoyed it
Also, they are pretty THICC
The names are Milestii Mici (the largest, visitors get to drive their own car inside) and Cricova (the one with Putin; tourists are driven by road trains)
thanks, that's interesting, i really like basque language lol
I am personally no fan of hardcore capitalism, i am in favour of social democracy per-se, as i can see some flaws with "captialism with no rules", and i strongly oppose consumerism
If I remember correctly, Russia has enormous oil and gas facilities and investments in Slovakia.
Then I can sing God Save The Queen, from my English class
I like history, so I kinda learn on my own, but we generally covered Europe quite well in the gymnasium
When you go out with friends for a lunch do you always happen to pay for everyone?
Fair enough, dont you know by any chance the situation in transnistria
Shame, shame, shame, shame
Im probably gonna blow your mind with this, but if you worked enough years in two countries you will get pensions from two countries when you retire
He would not need to refuse the money because of his ego, because the government would pay for the treatment
Popovici proposal never came to be so...there, it was done.
> have you forgotten that they took part in carving up your country after Munich
Complaining is our national sport and everything is bad, but our GDP basically skyrocketed and standard of living is good
Todellakin
You may have been lucky
But i just dont understand why you are trying to use portuguese pronunciationon english word
Slovakia criticised for Roma segregation
i have yet to see a map about a positive thing in which the czechs have not bested us
Pls no
I cannot imagine living any different than this, beeing scared of visiting doctor with injury and shit
We ski
My mom always make some friends
Israeli
We also build your cars
I work for a company which deals with flights
Wait what, tell me more about this
English being common language has more to do with Internet, not Imperialism.
1, Montenegro and Serbia 2, Albania 3, Bosnia 4, Macedonia 5, Kosovo
They talk something like rkgrwkmwkmrkmrkw and are Slavs.
And the girl, had some pretty awesome flat, and no roommates at all
Its actually pretty hilarious when I hear from my countrymen, most of those who say that have never been outside of their own village, about how Norway or Sweden are so scary and people shouldnt go there.
As Slovak I understand someone from Ostrava better,than someone from Prague
I didn't see anything of concern for tourists, but the crisis and its response are fast-changing so your mileage may vary.
Coming from country that was shaped 40 years by marxism I can attest, that your country is fantastic thanks to capitalism and despite your leftism.
It's not complex at all, just three hills and double cross
I actually do hope, that one time, English will eradicate other languages, including my native one
Sure
He is loosing his shit because he is quickly becoming too much of a trouble to oligarchs who own him.
german tree for english speakers  is the best and longest one
] But that's a combination of poverty and a very trashy lifestyle
Regarding grammar - I would say that one is of a medium difficulty
because goverments, especially of western europe led people to believe that nazis are only ones representing their national interests
I can see castle(well ruins) when I look out of the window, so I guess they weren't that super interesting
Or they just stag-vomit in Prague and make fun of poor Slavs and brag how superior they are
That's so weird
(The fee is displayed before you actually get to withdraw if applicable)
In football it’s bit different, I just choose anyone who is somehow interesting for me
Italy, Germany, Tuscany, Saxony, etc.
dub (oak)
Well, Jeremy isnt much help either.
Yet, in your defence, it fascinates me how quickly you are progressing with the A1 motorway recently
Also the islands are self governing and even tho their citizens have EU passports and can live in any EÚ country, it does not apply both ways
I will add Wiegedood for those who should
It's even a tier-2 pun, because a more expressive way to put a scam or subversion in Slovak is "Podjeb" which derives from "jebať", which in fact is the f-word
Now imagine such lodges scattered all over the landscape
Now that I think of it our politics are fucked
you would have done better if you turned slovakia into hungary too
u/savevideo
The fight had to be done by locals, but by European and American armies.
Would you be trying to run from someone who is aiming weapon right at you
I will kill a child
I was considering German for a moment, but I'm not sure if there are enough speakers to outweigh the Hungarians, even though there is a high no
Wait when you have Russian towels all over the Spain these tourists don’t leave so easily and quickly as German ones
Simply because it's first time we experience this
This
Dormitory is usually pretty cheap, somewhere between 50-100€ per month
The situation you described is normal and I have seen it (and participated in singing) many times, especially when there is some festival or event taking place along the bus line
You have no part in both the atrocities and the achievments of past generations.
What
They don´t harm their foreheads, nor falling to the knee,
Unlike americans, we value our freedom highly
I mean
Being a local, I would definitely recommend you give it another shot again
When I was in London and went somewhere by bus for the first time, I got pretty confused looks by everyone inside, since I got on the bus through the second door, and not through the front door like everyone else
In the future i will do more research.
The point I wanted to make is that the "common" history of Slovaks and Czech isn't exceptionally long, considering that we shared longer history with all the nations of Hungarian Kingdom (like Croats) than with Czechs
There are chosen words in which there is Y instead of I even tho it's breaking rules
It is from the poem Mor ho
Militias from which many are profiteering on human smuggling now being thrown a new uniform, called a "coast guard" and then believed to do the job necessary is laughable idea that will not work in million years.
Again , filling depends on region
Plate falls down and breaks = good luck
Yea it kind of looked nice in that dirty form too
And let me remind you that it wasnt EE states who are responsible for largest crisis in decades that costed us billions.
because i am pretty sure she could just buy out hungarian police on the spot (to some degree), people were actually pleasantly surprised, when she went into jail and didnt manage to just get out with probation or something like that
One can get 6 months up to 3 years in prison.
I generally think I am not a totally ugly person, but there i was super conscious about what was I wearing and how I looked
Didn't see proper snow for 2 years
This is the fake news global warming
I’m proud of my country and I won’t denounce my heritage
And as you can imagine, it gained a reputation as a song used by neo-nazis and ultra-nationalist, which is shame, because I love it
In slovak/czech it’s similar to boobs
I mean they are planting new trees but it’s a long time process and as a result the cities are incredibly hot during summer since there is literally no shadow whatsoever
As if they think I don't understand them
Its really funny how everyone is a political advisor before the election and an economic advisor when a recession hits.
So intelligent
Slovakia is like "what's a wind farm?"
Germans
It doesnt take majority of the people to make an revolution, that is a wrong assumption
We got nazis in the parliament about the same time I reached voting age
Destroys economies and starts wars and 20 percent of France wants her as a president?
Unfortunately, considering its old town was almost completely destroyed by the communist do
There is a tram system and nice old town, but then its here just plenty of communist barracks
I know there are many people from Martinique, Guadaloupe, Reunion and Guyanne in Paris and other major cities.
I like it too
That's why it's perhaps even more dangerous
Here we, are still waiting for 1st ,, high level,, politician to be even prosecuted....
The same happened to Štúrovo/Esztreszgom
Germany is a peaceful democratic country, and both a military and political ally of Slovakia, just like Austria is a political ally of Slovakia.
It ended 30 years ago and since then countries in V4 were developing in different direction that Russia, Ukraine or Belarus
eeerh
Switzerland, norway, canada, australia, new zealand - perfect
If you don’t speak English, just read Czech wiki
France, Spain, Italy, Germany, Belgium, The Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Austria.
On the other hand I'm familiar with the attitude towards muslims and especially gypsies here
For example i can read cyrilic (asbuka) but when i see handwritten text, it just get very overwhelming haha, it is just like someone is trying his new pen
(Cheap local vodka or flavored vodka) so there is still around 50 cents of profit per single shot
I must say I'm guilty of taking pictures at cemeteries
Oh those random apartment block, no street line
Wdym ? why would europe hate him
He also votes Torries inlast elex because he is a frickin Torry.
I know right ? Can't even get drunk in Kauflands liquor section anymore
I always thought that Koh-I-Noor Hardmuth was Danish or Norwegian (as Nór means "norwegian person" in Slovak)
It's an even smaller country than Slovakia
No, Jesus is sitting on the right of God, as his right hand
Austria - Vienna
Haha I just came from Denmark after staying there for 2 months
So I am glad we went Rokfort way too
Dunno why, but I really hit me more In Uk
Czech prime minister is actually slovak, funny joke right
Or Slovaks and Hungarians
Hmmmm, what do you have to say about your history with your Armenian neighbors
Dictators in most of East Europe were forced by communists from USSR and were replaced by decent democracies and capitalist economies right after this communist fiasco (USSR) collapsed.
mince (coins)
Is really Montenegro with population of half a million, or Serbia with pop 7 million something that will destroy us apart?
If the federation survived the transition, other issues might have appeared during the harsh transformation or during the economic crisis, and that could easily swing the general opinion towards separation.
I mean, we planned to go hiking to Italy this year, but you know, and this seems like a great alternative
It is a very different language from Slovak.
Yes
Yes, Slovakia has minimum wage and currently it is 435€/month or 2,50€/hour.
Tell him that just like in another bad movie, he should be vary of hot Slovak girls, as they'll likely want lure him to a non public place and have enslaved / murdered
Although I've heard that a lot depends on where you're residing (hotel or resort)
I didn't count the former Yugo coubtries to be former communist countries so it looks like Slovakia stends there alone, I didn't check the latter source, only checked Slovak numbers.
And welcomes us in much more than UK ever did
Trying really hard to not include baltics in Nothern or Eastern Europe I see
It's like buying 1000 condoms, yes if quarantine hits we gon be fuckin to pass the time but are condoms so essential to survival
after the largest section was build it kind of lost it meaning since the first line of defense moved away.
In case of the UK it requires much more time to renovate existing infrastructure and it's also by far more expensive.
One hungary to the north
However, if you compare the figures with GDP, then the main recipients are Estonia, Slovakia and Greece.
I can put together a couple of simple sentences in German, but I shiver when I imagine learning French from scratch
Drunken Brits here and also met Gypsies that were not Slovak, were speaking in their language, clearly had no Slovak language knowledge and were doing their typical harrasment in the evening
It's not that empty anymore
Do you have "buchty na pare" in czech republic
Literally no company in City is talking about increasing their size or shares in City
Let alone a Lada
Even his "great success" in the mass testing was succesful *despite* him not *because of* him
Most people know shit and even those who actually want to know something know very little.
Those small things you had no idea that existed, will be mentioned and you are like oh Finns do that, I had no idea
And guests should too
It’s quite a shame honestly, since our nations have so much in common, it’s just that we kind of disregarded it for the last two centuries
Its not perfect correlation but neither is the one with unemployment.
Banning associations for being "foreign agents" is what dictatoships do.
Uhorsko means, if I am not mistaken, “country by the mountains”
Teachers are, quite often, uneducated, cheating is common
Now imagina czechoslovak hockey team
I dont like friend fish
China is second highest
I'm just not letting that cloud my judgment enough to expect the Polish to give up their sovereignty on something as completely worthless as Stalin's word
My granddad told me that he sometimes instinctively slows down when he sees one of those VB taxis while driving
When it comes to Slovakia, that map indicates when Slovaks buy property on their own
Are you from Brno by any chance
Turkish one looks like a distant relative of Kim Jong Un
As for this vague "they said it about Trump" argument just goes and tries to throw whole world and all situations into one pot.
that’s actually almost exactly how I imagined it as a kid lmao I found it scary but I never really questioned it
In the end, it's really down to what you're looking for from travelling
European future seems so bright and shiny.
It's Slovak, but Polish and Ukrainian at the same time
I've red UWU at the bottom
"Eufória" can also be considered, but it is foreign
Karu selli
Even that hammer was imported from the EU
Glad kids are keeping the knowledge
Scots are fun people, would be shame to loose em.
Plus Germany gives us jobs
PPPiter is actually pretty good
You and UK
Alexander Dubček
- the national rail operators (ZSSK, CD, MAV, PKP, DB, OBB, ...) work together and re-sell each other’s tickets but the commercial ones do not
What the fuck is Hungary
I would say something about industry too, but I now absolutely forgot everything, for some reason
Resistance of the 1968 occupation wasn't unified, and Prague Spring wasn't uprising
But it was years ago, now it's impossible to do Erasmus in your native country
Except for the New Year's eve nothing, but I wonder if any Norwegians have considered celebrating the 8th of May with fireworks, in undying memory of Josef Terboven's spectacular way of departure
There are quite a lot of dialects in Slovakia considering how small the country is
The city is also becoming quite international, last official stats talked about 8% foreigners living in the city, which is particularly experienced in the old town, where you hear foreign languages all the time
He would not need to refuse the money because of his ego, because the government would pay for the treatment
I am not sure if we speak about Europe or just EU(how many people incorrectly just use term Europe for EU).
Indeed
Prišly sme domov a najedly sme sa
All I see from modern feminists nowadays is making an issue out of something that isn't one
There are projects that are 5x more expensive than should be in Slovakia all the time.
We were taught at school that most aristocracy in present-day Slovakia was ethnically Hungarian, or at least spoke Hungarian
People from this refuger wave are not main problem.
Its politics in purest form where the necessary isnt done because of political whoring for better results in polls.
Thats actually a great idea
German is more popular
I have to see that travesty which 90% shows gigantic balls of his horse every time I take a hike up the castle.
So stop argumenting with BS like that until Italy is invaded by Russia...
Funny ones are "droga", it means "road" in Polish but "drug" in Czech, "šukat" means "to fuck" in Czech but szukać means "to search" in Polish, "zachod" means "west" in Polish but "záchod" means "toilet" in Czech and Slovak
Don’t worry, we can be slow together
By my "unfetter capitalism can work" i meant it can exist, not that it is right
Some more which came to my mind:
Why should Germans live in anti-German government of First Czechoslovak republic?
It's insane, I mean sure close borders, but trucks should have always exception
The same goes for monarchist claimants all around Europe.
Sulik is also eu-skeptik he was against greek bailout and so on.
They do family reunions and dinners instead
Both Russian and European tourists stopped coming and TK economy is heading down the shitters.
If we are to compare it to eifell tower in paris I'd stick with UFO bridge in Bratislava
Well that's what happens when people become celebrity
Besides Bratislava, there are the Tatra moutains, various castles/castle ruins (Spiš castle is listed on the UNESCO world heritage list), folk architecture (Čičmany, Bardejov, Levoča), the spa I mentioned, some caves (which, again, is a thing that Slovenia has larger and better promoted worldwide) and that's pretty much it
You are right there are probably more choices now, which means pupils can choose Spanish or French instead of German,, obviously everyone goes for English.
Its a eu regulation to put pricing on plastic bags.
We don´t lay, on what´s others, our hands,
" ("Thank you for the flowers"), which had blown his mind on spot, and so would mine
"Save your Internet", Jesus Christ
Catalolia, everybody
And even better, I recently heard Chinese version of that (and I actually got a link to Taiwanese article laughing about it):
Kurva means whore, scheisse means shit, etc
Can you as a Pole understand Slovak and make yourself understood if you were to travel to Slovakia?
Even though that we need YEARS to catch western societies.
Great Moravia for about 70 years.
Think of it as a dinner included
We should definitely bulldoze down the parliament
Again high unemployment, difficult accessibility, far from the economic core of the country in the west
I am still very confused about the berlin wall, that has to be nuts to see how army just split your city out of nowhere, and it was like 20 years after the war, not immediately
Last time any member of Le Pen clan was in 2nd round they were destroyed with 6-to-1 ratio.
Since independence in 1993, Bratislava is our biggest city and capital
In the last terrorists attack the Polish driver grabbed the terrorist wheel and directed it further from the main crowd.
For some reason our gov decided they want to make traffic app with maps for ridicolious amount of money.
Szegény vagyok
Imagine them now learning about how their children, in the worst case scenario their only children, died in a horrible, painful way somewhere far away from home.
When someone says that we are upper Hungary
Same in Slovakia
Great nation, greets from Slovakia
Citydwellers see them as hillbillies and vice versa, though plenty of rural people travel to Capital for work and most of the people from Capital travel to county for weekends
I know it’s a lot of questions, but I’ll be thankful for your answers
It is usually better to check particular vanues/places upfront
Consonants, goulash and saunas
Yes yes, it's a very military-grade dish
I'd say czech is more familiar and Czech would say slovak is more familiar.
Every such shop in here offers vans for rent for very cheap
But whatever, I think people don’t care much about the history
Fuckin' ell this is a proper revolution alright
Sun and Daily mail the the uber fascist tabloid here, who pretend to be real journalists.
I’m not even sure how many there are but the main 3 ones are the western dialect, the mid-country dialect and the eastern dialect
We talk about country politics look in general, and it would be difficult to argue that Czechia is more left-wing than Austria.
yeah except they've tested 1375 people
Basically the only reason our current government has been elected is because they weren't SMER or ĽSNS
Duka for all purposes owns that state and no one farts without his chief-spy-to-become-PM knowing.
Moldova, a tiny state, already has the region of Transnistria separated (nowhere on the map) and the region of Gagauzia (mainly inhabited by russified turks) is often encouraged by Kremlin to act as a separate state (often threatening to secede).
It's so nice to hear someone likes "us" more than, let's say, France or Switzerland.
EU is not supposed to be competition to US from foreign policy perspective.
Czech and Slovak (though i think more slovak, may be biased) are great too, its usually few youtubers that keep them going, the current meme that i dare say is our original is stokarske memes, basically horrible grammar and wordmaking and sometimes they use slang as well
Fusing the old with the new is a great idea, especially in Europe but it cant be made one
Kurwa mać, ja pierdole
It doesnt take majority of the people to make an revolution, that is a wrong assumption
I thought they were in the government
Your shifts ends at 16:30
Turkey PM warns Europe: Cutting off ties would bring ‘flood’ of migrants
They put the Slovenia name on Slovakia.
But it's cold :(
slope (he/she/it is boozing)
our head of parliament - Andrej Danko, and also some other politicans, also few years ago there was joke that eastern slovakia doesn't exist because our prime minister said that
Good, I think here it was swallowed by our corona news
What /u/H0agh said is mostly accurate.
2010 probably
Russians were for months sending to Donbass fuckton of weapons that outclassed Ukrainian inventory by several generations, their special forces, were shelling UA positions, thousands and thousands of volunteers from which many had experience as ex-russian soldiers and yet were getting their ass handed back to them until several brigades of russian regular army crossed the border with full force and massacred nearly 500 Ukrainian soldiers in Illovaisk.
The four-part doors, the rubber joint, the noise, the sense of impending doom when driving downhill
8% discounts if you buy stuff above 1888 crowns, old currency, gave 1488€ to a family as charity "randomly")
I think the Western half of Hungary including the capital could belong to a "General V4 Zone" or something, while the Eastern half past the Tisza river feels more Balkan.
Why would I deliver when the responses I am getting are not even what the Slovakian op said?
Should´ve, would´ve, could´ve, it aint.
The sooner we diversify our economy the better, I actually want VW to get into troubles so we can finally get rid of this automotive trap.
" - Are you hungarian
>Our reverse is "fukati" - though that might be with Czech, I'm not sure
And English has tons of content online to be exposed to so it's easy to also find an interesting content for yourself which is very important
Turns out she spent all summers until 18 at her grandmother house near Bratislava and learned fluent Slovak
you know what
Wew
Mám to u riti/I have it by my ass
I will still hate you
Touting them as farmers, villagers etc
If he doesn't believe it, show him some proof #Publicagent
mole (moths)
They are like emergency backup Lithuania
This is actually something people abroad should take as an example
Had a fresh octopus salad during summer in Croatia
Our translators often add the suffix -ová to female surnames, which makes them sound very weird, at least in my opinion
What actually happened why there was lack of food in Amsterdam ?
My sister moved abroad as an 18 year old as well, she lives in Bratislava with her fiancé now(8 hour train ride from home), but has no way of registering herself at the rented apartment, and she won't change her address until her and her fiancé buy a house next year
However, just like eurocoins, they got some national markings
Isn't it weird that we can just watch events happening thousands of kilometers away live
Exit polls should be up at cca 10pm GMT
There was a panic that it's an actual attempt to turn the EU into a federation, which was, of course, nonsense.
He has a bunch of good ideas, but he proven himself to be a catastrophic politician.
Few weeks ago there was Czechoslovak games sale on Steam and ofc there were Hungarians in the comments(Twitter) claiming same things
Baccara
Why do the V4 countries have less countries available than the rest of the EU
Like, surprisingly good, lengthy reporting on issues including pretty liberal stance on LGBT rights etc.
Lol at greece in Good Resuslts category
"s kľudom angličana" - calm as an englishman (doing something stressful calmly, easily)
And now he blames other people for these numbers
I was there and there is nothing to do
ok well I am usually buying them in lidl :D yes, bakery rohliky are a bit more expensive
I understand the point of probation and I still think it's unbelievably tough sentence
Slovakia was  nazi state so yes, the regime commited genocide
I freaking love trains
When I was a kid there was an even bigger Skoda (1203) available for these purposes
I remember that current Polish government was hysterical about political satire depicting their chairman.
That's not what I'd call success
Also it depends which kind of immigration country experienced.
Hopefully, at least the Adriatic highway construction won't stall
And more
Hungarians weren't on the same level as Germans, but yes, it is sad that some fuck can't accept that we did some bad shit too
Remember, if you don't throw water on her and she withers, grows sick and dies, that's on you !
It doesn't matter, I have eaten them in bread rolls, regular white bread and even in toast, lol
Ever realized that Madrid, Toulouse, Lyon, Geneva, Bern, Zurich, Prague, Wroclaw, Lodz, Warsaw, Minsk, Smolensk and Moscow are all located on the same line (or at least their suburbs)
[Or just 1977
They were simply resisting occupation
For example if someone had a terrible or no health care at all for their first 20 years of life before they moved to Portugal, that will seriously affect their life expectancy.
:D I may be a biased Coloradan though
Now that I think about it combining with schools or culture can be a good fit because of the reach they have
Same in Slovakia
Even the younger generation is quite conservative
In my case it's because of distrust.
what was that ben franklin quote?
to their credit, few knew we split peacefully and are now two countries but vast majority's reply is "Aaaah, Czechoslovakia".
There is also word "beťár" which is a word to describe bad and wrong-behaving child
No one expected that
That 1$ in Tanzania (not in those other countries I named) has much greater value than 1$ in Spain or Bulgaria, if you correct it to the ppp value it might be the minimum wage in Bulgaria very easily.
Albanians were busy for decades striking alliances and now nearly all your neighbors are in NATO while every power that has influence in Europe, bar Russia, has recognized Kosovo.
Poland and Hungary are also in the first half.
Well, "Bohemian" would be easier than "Bohemian-Moravian-Silesian-Slovakian" :P
People thought she will get out of it with their connections in hungary
And your territories that you lost to USSR and later Belarus, you accepted as part of Belarus because that was simply the deal.
In secondary school we had lockers shared by 2-3 students for jacket, shoes and there was also a shelf where we could leave books we didn't need at home
As well as put money in science
Layla
Our country gets frequently slapped across the fingers when we undertake projects funded with EU money but our glorious politicians fail to explain why we needed to spend up to 5 times more than was required, which leads to EU not transferring us the funds and us having to fund these projects with our own money.
Of course you are Serb
Foreign restaurants of this type are rare at SK, since Mc is everywhere
Depends, if it's Czechia then it's alright, but if it's Hungary
Would be more insulting to me if you called my county Hungary
What the hell
But crazy natiolists are outright dangerous.
Is roman empire that important part of history
Sa ti hovorí, keď ste boli pod Rakúskom a nie Maďarskom
Always look on both sides of the coin
May I ask you what’s the difference between whisky and whiskey
The yellow stands for beer, and the black stands for coal right
I do that too sometimes with my food so I have my other hand free to do other stuff
Your power was generated in wind power plants just on paper
Most famously Juraj Jánošík.
I asked for Belarus visa last summer.
Our government does not know how to tackle it, and even kinda supports this view of the world
But if on our door, in best intention stranger knocks,
Also most of the maps presented show only the North with the current borders of Slovakia marked as well, which can be maybe controversial for Hungarians
All is perfectly fine, the member states are not required to make them unless it's a common issue (like 10 years of the Euro or 30 years of the EU flag)
Migrants
Come over here and get a ball, I'll get an angle grinder
as a hobby
It did not disappoint, looks great on visualisations and in person, although the photos I could find didn't do it much favor
Either way Europe or even EU have more inhabitants than US and also US is on average richer.
cap (male goat)
Igen
For instance I am from Spiš and have different dialect, than people from Abov or from Šariš. All those regions are in west of the country and for someone from outside are similiar or even same, but I can hear and see a lot of differences
We just don't need to pamper them
This is purely my opinion,
They have rather unfuckable appearance and personality, though.
Those people are terribly disillusional
Israel is flawed country and even in Jewish communities people can see that.
I counted like 20 (PT, ES, FR, EN, IT, NL, DE, DK, SE, NO, PL, CZ, SK, HU, SI, HR, SR, UA, RU, GR, GE) and I am expecting most people to kick my ass
I guess you don't do it in a Michelin star restaurants, but its not like I can afford those
Yes this, thank you
Slovak Parliament
I was among Slovaks in Voivodina a lot of times.
IT should never be counted in these polls
Plus its much better than thinking we speak Russian
My MA group in Uk was from 22 to 55 and it was amazing
We felt that shit even in Bratislava which is like 350km away
Head over to r/slovakia before you come and ask for suggestions
Only proper goulash is one from Szeged.
If anything they are equally bad.
In that case do not wonder that Wilders party will win next elex.
You could still find a stack dating from 1994 to the early 2000s in my children's room
I would even say that it’s the best from OP’s examples imo
Also you can request your house to be blured
We flush toilets with it aswell
Not sure if these are specific to Slovakia
I can leave today, I am not tied to the job at all
The last census where we've had this option was in 1993 and 0 people claimed it
And you even consider it ok ...
In the movie Dragonheart (a campy fantasy fairytale with Connery) there is a troupe of foreign dragon hunters
Kevin and Lena
What are you even babbling about?
Just like OP, I remember trying to find a law or a regulation that would require it, but I couldn't find anything, so I guess it's just customary.
The people, who constantly vote for various political parties of corrupted thieves, despite all of evidence.
You can ask the university to decrease or completely forgive this fee one time if you got a good reason for extension
Then it escalates much faster and things tend to spin out of control.
[Goral] [Rusyn] and [Romani] are the first ones which come to my mind
And "backward countries" makes me laugh.
>Repubblica Ceca
hat - kalap - from Hungarian "kalap"
For most people, their club is one from their city or the one their family and friends support.
It is democracy just like Czechoslovak Socialist Republic was.
I've got one of those
Maybe I am just used to the sound of the word "eucharistia" in Slovak, from Christian liturgy
**"I'm coughing on it"** - don't care about it
The best ranked one in Slovakia is Univerzita Komenského in Bratislava (UK), then Slovenská technická univerzita (STU), and Technická univerzita in Košice (TUKE)
We can swap if you dont like it....
Heard good things about other parts of Slovakia; Bratislava was a one-day-and-done kind of city.
i really don't know what people think of my language, others tell me how would you describe slovak language ?
I also liked the sound of Latvian
Aside from the high-wage car-manufacturing countries like German, France, The Netherlands, etc., the natural choices for moving car manufacturing are: Slovakia, Spain, Poland, Portugal, etc.
Slovakia is just lesser france
I wonder if the reason is that not enough consumer products are manufactured in Russia, or way too much of them is exported
Pig's snout, mare's arse, slaughterhouse cur, unchristened brow
Also, If a foreigner wants to experience a bit of cultural mix, he/she could visit western/southern Slovakia
There are many, many people who still think we're basically Yugoslavs, interchangeable with everyone from Vardar to Triglav.
Wow
I wonder how many people actually working for 407€ (Even lower than Slovakia or Poland ..
We have many people whose last names are “Horváth” and a village called like Chorvátsky Grob
My brother used to have hundreds of sets, I never looked at prices since I was a kid back then too
10 years "War, war never changes."
Milan Rastislav Stefanik for the first republic of CZSK
ROFL, now they have to decide what si more insulting to them :
Those BMW drivers are getting more creative every day
I am honestly astonished by some opinions over here
And thats a plus
Same in Slovakia
I couldn't find an existing collage so I quickly created one from Google Images and department websites.
In Eastern Europe, you see a lot of them
Everyone was WTF is a plaster
I hope this will happen eventually.
Not rare to see 15 year olds drinking
But you forgot pizza
God forbid all the poles that are abroad working and sending money home would have to organise work permit
Greece, my goal is to save money to buy tiny house in Crete
chlapi = multiple men
Then I am extremly poor - living in a town and having zero cars.
Remember to participate in the EU elections this weekend and try to find candidates that support your requests
I just thought to myself that its another american who 'really' is European and I just said to her in Slovak "great, so you understand this". She just smiled and replied with distinct Bratislava accent "yeah and couple things more
There were a 5 lines in one direction and they were all full
Potatoes
All we need to do is make sure people running states are good, honest, uncorruptable people
I haven’t yet seen a LIDL with more than 6 total cash registers
it really sounds like spanish, but with difference that i understand no words
He seems like a political equivalent of Richard Stallman.
From this map it seems wind turbines are attracted to state subsidies and not windy locations.
I always had this feeling in my life
Perhaps we will soon find out how much truth is there to it.
Some asteroids are resource rich indeed.
Yes, the reason is obviously communism, not the west fucking up east germany after reunification
And it's obvious how certain programmes or papers influence her opinion negatively
Mostly sweets
While Republicans main view is that Schengen needs to be completely reworked into Schengen2, Juppe says he is in favor of Schengen in current form but strenghtened.
The hungarian nobles were for majority of history on the lands where Slovak lived no different than others.
I climbed Kili few years back
I don't know, this **could** all be prejudice.
Most-Híd: catering to Hungarians, did a lot of shit with travel department
and just make the item smaller or cuter
Illegally held weapons is something different.
Fried dough with garlic, fried dough with jam and fried dough thoroughly encrusted in confectioners sugar.
As a non russian I know only two contemporary russian groups
Female boar with piglets
And also i wonder how would the Africa made car hold on during crash test.
Also according to internet "starman" is old dude prominent in the west of poland, not in the south
I actually think that the Markthal looks pretty cool
Given German military trackrecord probably biggest help they can offer in there is by not sending anything
10€ - four craft beers in a pub (or 6-7 ordinary ones)
I thought Britain enjoys "beatings".
Miss him
There's a village called Panické Dravce which can mean
I tried to search for an incident like that what i remember but i cant find it, it happened few years ago in bratislava, where some group of drunk british tourists attacked a couple and the guy stabbed two of them
I've been there a few days ago and it seemed like all the time
In the first one, you have bar for 2nd generation of immigrants.
I like how out of all possible paths between Poland and Slovakia you have chosen the [hardest and most montainous one] twice.
Note the old guys singing songs, smoking, having plemty of beer in a classic wooden decor with dark green cloth on the table
Just kidding
Nah, we're still Eastern Europe
One they have a live-long bond with.
It's been a while since I last saw that mistake but it's a classic
My opinion about long hair - Must be annoying to wash them
But they are clearly not accurate - anyone believes that Denmark, The Netherlands, Sweden have only 50% better proficiency than Turks, Azeris and Russians?
In Slovakia cheapest shots in cheapest bars can go below 1€.
You obviously have not much, if any, time in America.
She was a Disney princess before Disney was a thing
The contact was always there, but both countries went through different paths during history.
Surprisingly, only 7
Kajetán (read: kahyetaan)
Personally, in my family, for pizza we either use a pizza cutter or a fork and a sharp knife
Now I'm starting to think that we're known for this in just about every country that we go to as tourists in significant numbers.
Starting with producers, continuing with drivers of private cars and ending with professional drivers (buses, trucks etc.).
instead I carried a container with white sand that I used to douse them and then I threw them in a bin
As it’s the exact opposite of Czechoslovakia at the time, I would be interested in your perspective
We have tonnes of these guys in the country
For those too lazy to read wikipedia: Norwegian nazi who blew himself up with 50kg of dynamite
how is it in basque
I fully expected this to be the Sandstorm
Well yeah, this is the one thing I was refering to in one sentence I said not the whole argument, the rest I dont care enough to research
"You know, we are not that different you and i". I would say if it comes to this judging, you are at top of the list, to the point it's not even being viewed as positive (like this kind of "positive discriminaton" in the case with Swiss for example) but as one of us, so like Czechs, polish
Are these names really frowned upon
This guy is either a complete tool or he is the worst politician I have seen lately.
You're reich
Romanian, for the most part, yeah.
I can understand Czechs fluently and vise versa
Medium to large
Also as a Software developer, even when I work for a local company, I use more English than Slovak, because all the documentation for tools I use is in English and the docs/comments/strings we write are usually in English too, because every logical software company knows targeting the whole English speaking word makes more sense than targeting a small country with 5M population
What actually happened why there was lack of food in Amsterdam ?
**Informal:** Čau, Ahoj, Servus
Bunch of twats, as always, but other than that cool.
Like seriously lost two wars, got absolutely anninhalated and now are one of the most prosperous and stable countries worldwide
Kremnica (with the old Hungarian minting press museum) or Banska Stiavnica
Mine has changed very much, to the point that I can no longer listen to some new pop songs, which is a bummer because then I am no longer able to dance on them on the parties
Strangely, Slovak does have the noun "porucha" which means outage just like in Czech, but there is no such adjective as "porúchaný" in use in common speech, although it would be generally comprehensible and even feel Slovak, indeed
I mean, if they retain control of the Senate and Mitch does nothing for the next two years, that sentiment kinda stands
according to the 2014 statistics, there're 148 Russians in Iceland
Each country has their own ISPs and lobby
Thank you very much for such lengthy and good answer.
arabs or pakistani - very bad
Jeez, I felt so out of place
Turkish - where the powder stays in your cup in the end
My route of choosing would be
Oh really
IIRC every country that was considered as victorious power of WW2 sent at least some soldiers there.
I think that there is some page that shows how the actual vote went, but I am not that sure, I haven't been that active on their sites for some time.
Crusoe
I adore French baking, make a bunch if entremets and tarts
You can find tons of these "correlations" of random things that have nothing to do with eatch other
On the other hand, the EU should be capable of regulating this.
Brumbal is all and well, but it just doesn't pack punch as Dumbledore
> Beer is worse, most big brands are owned by Heineken and only the small brewers are worth a shot
What social fracture that was already there
While a minimal wage of €453 seems tiny in absolute terms, when expressed in PPS it puts us 2nd only to Slovenia among the new member states (bear in mind that Poland has the lowest price level index from all of the EU member states).
//edit: oh I forgot one thing
"Everything was clearly written down, in white on black
Edit: homemade burgers and I keep an eye on other nutrients
Now imagine such lodges scattered all over the landscape
Is this 80s?
I will still hate you
Generally just European foods tho but it's possible to find some exotic ones offered as well
This is very common, I think some people do it just because of family habits and don't know the original meaning
And we never "purged" our language of our own native non-Russian words for no reason, we actually introduced many Russian words for exotic animals and other various things to get rid of German loanwords, so it's the other way around, Czech and Slovak moved closer to Russian and farther away from Romance and Germanic languages in the 19th century in its vocabulary
I'm slovak and I don't believe there is much racism towards asians.
Serbia, after using it in the cash machine once, and in Slovakia once.
that’s really something
And it would be only fair, since it's a condition for all new countries and EU will consider Scotland a new candidate precisely for this reason (I think Barroso, among others, already said something to that effect).
The thing is the average compact car in America is probably less than $20k
If I think about it
I didn’t like it in school canteen but made at home it can be quite tasty
Food is generally cheap in Slovakia and even cheaper at school canteen since it's partially funded by university/government
Beheading was also popular, and in 20th century hanging and shooting squads (popular during ww2)
(just joking ily Hungary)
whilst it lasted
First it had my curiousity, and from the first line until the end it had my full attention
However didn't really care about names as much as a kid, because if you translated one then you have to do all, and Harry Potter too
This is just standart treatment, like dentist
I actually have the same feeling about Slovakia, so overall great that both countries are improving at this
In Bratislava students confronted soviet soldiers who then shoot into the crowd killing three people
Its something you romance languages can't appreciate
I see, we are relatives in castles then, we have the most castles per capita
High speed train network is my ultimate goal for EU
Mosr Serbs, grudgingly, realize this fact of life.
That's NATO you are thinking of.
not corrupted government, february's elections give me last hope for a change
Yes very normal
Anyways - we don't openly discuss the details of our sex-life (pretty regular - sometimes a few times a week, sometimes we go a week without), but we're not like pretending not to, even though my family is catholic
As Bratiskava resident, where
our head of parliament - Andrej Danko, and also some other politicans, also few years ago there was joke that eastern slovakia doesn't exist because our prime minister said that
Idk we got neo nazis in the goverment soooo
One is more lunatic the other one more baked into the system
Then the albanians in Macedonia and perhaps Greece.
That age group you mentioned,, it is everyone including people who have Russian as native language?
Me an my Spanish friends we had to wear coats in summer which was just not right
I seriously haven't met many
I still remember my high school history lessons about Austria-Hungary monarchy.
Over the centuries the area around this town became know as Racouz and from that derives our term “Rakúsy” which eventually became “Rakúsko”
There are only these two options ?
pot (sweat)
So, this map is WILDLY incorrect
20€ for 600/300 here
Or Bratislava
It happens from time to time of course, but its not allowed
The Alps are bigger than Tatras, Hungarian spa have already gained world recognition (unlike Bardejov, Dudince or Piešťany), beer and drinking/partying tourism is more developed in Czechia, Germany has larger and more beautiful castles (yes, I know they're not neighbours, but whatever), Poles have more infamous concentration camps
This sounds like a nice problem to have.
What are you ashamed of when history of your country is debated?
After FIFA 19 I hate croquetas so much
That being said, Slovaks and Czechs can easily understand each other, I dare to say our understaning is the best between all Slavic languages
Christ mate, its a joke not underage girl.
" - Are you hungarian
It is heavily used in every contact with government, banking, municipalities, employers and so on (e.g. if stopped by police while driving, if you'd like to request a price reduction for travelling, if signing a contract with telecom operators, or if renting a flat)
Given who were my ancestors at that time, I would be either a farmer, a miller (a better alternative), or something in a developing multiethnic mining settlement, probably a charcoal burner
you can create infinite amounts of swear words by flexing the original ones
Was there a new state law or is it a effort from the city officials or something else
Today, PiS has an absolute majority and they don't have to care about constitution since they successfully destroyed Constitutional Tribunal.
A map of Slovakia with city and village names translated to English
Plus czechs ate still bros
Easy - in Yugoslavia, except for NM, it's hvala (NM - fala), in Polish it is dziękuję, which is exactly how Borat says thanks in his fake Kazakh and Czech and Slovak are similar (Děkuji [dyekuyi]/ďakujem [dyakuyem])
Ah, Amazon
The card terminal on the ticket machine often doesn't work (or plain isn't there) and the only currency exhanges nearby are run by Russians, who'll give you a paper to sign with incredibly unfair (and possibly illegal) conditions - such as paying over 5 euro just for the privilege of exchanging
The brutal attack of the communist police on students and the response of society sparked Velvet revolution, which led to the regime collapse.
If they ask for something I'm usually trying to be helpful, but I'm not actively looking for an interaction
Face mask isn't meant to protect you, it's meant to protect others
Huh ... so I can go to canary and stay there forever and ever ... huh ... welp t´was boring life here anyway
I never really realized how expensive Lego was for people with average wages
All is perfectly fine, the member states are not required to make them unless it's a common issue (like 10 years of the Euro or 30 years of the EU flag)
Napadlo ma vs
If you know how to drive fast, and dont care about the potentional fine, drive like that
Polish/Slovakian *teraz*, Czech *ted* or *nyni*, Slovene *zdaj*, Croatian/Serbian *sada*, Bulgarian/Macedonian *sega*.
The other parts are really ugly and not even worth going to (Petrzalka especially)
You don't get to pick it up like cereal in store.
I've once asked on /r/AskHistorians about when did Roman identity shifted into Greek.
We were incomparably better off than we were during the 90s, but people perceived those reforms as harsh and till this day most people still hate the prime minister who lead us through all those reforms.
I understand differences like "eu estou correndo" and "eu estou a correr", or those "sumo"-"suco", or "cao"-"cachorro", but i dont see how using Chéquie would be problem for portuguese speaking, other than being it a foreign word
Sorry, I only picked it from metro announcements
Yes we do, but its old door so it's not much for security purposes as it is for "stay closed pls" purposes
And yep About time a house in Cornwall, a lawyer living in London, lucky enough to have parents who were friends with a guys who had a house in London
In 1921 locals in Sopron decided that they want to remain part of Hungary and not Austria.
Parts og belgium and France have strong populations and have been greater targets.
But we are the more christian state in Czechoslovakia
I'm currently living in Slovakia.
We may not have those, but we have the best graves!
Great to find out that not only Australia does not exist
Yes, because transnistria, crimea etc
Oh, jokes, yes, exactly, jokes are what that is
As we can see in case of Greco-Turkish agreement.
[Or just 1977
Yes
not censored)
(1) The Slovak Republic is a sovereign, democratic state governed by the rule of law
Yes
But polish products can be found in the shops
might be the biggest scam in history, maybe ever
especially in a casual conversation when some English words I wanna use can’t even be translated into Slovak
Imo that is not good enough reason not to do new referendum.
With the coronavirus lockdowns, not only dolphins, turtles and other animals are slowly coming back to cities but also sunlight returns
Its always about the same words we share, then they always switch to a slovak pronunciation
I did think about the subject seriously, though, and I am puzzled if I am used to saying "how" only because it's a calque from my own language (where the sentence would cringe with the equivalent of "what"), or because I am constantly trying to mimic other people when speaking a foreign language and I am curious, *how* do they English properly, or because I have simply heard other people say "how" instead of what
And I would do two for Wasabi sushi and bento
Subjective ranking very like corruption perception
I know that during my fathers time Soviet troops were invading our country when it became not subserviant enough and shooting civilians on street while secret police were dragging opponents to prisons, torturing them to death and iron curtain was lifted across the river and over 700 shot dead there.
At least 4% are gypsies, that is the brutal truth
With a quick search I have found a terraced house for just 190K € so why would anyone pay such a huge rent if you can easily buy your own place ?
All of it doesnt need to be safe to be declared safe country with respect to refugees.
3% Britons have not heard about Czechia but only 2% have not heard about Slovakia
Came here to post this
sorry I can't see the benefit of it.
oh jesus, i wonder how the author of the photo now feels
He was protesting in the town square when Hungarian tanks rolled in, blocking their way tankman style when one of them opened their hatch, aimed his SMG at him screaming "Im gonna mow you down like a dog"
It's time to ask a simple question, how come that wherever they happen to be there are always problems between them and local population.
Never thought I would see such a based Turk
How can you, it’s so strange to use it that way
[Arkady "Torula" Babchenko
Politics-wise, I suppose there really isn't much to talk about.
It would be Banská Bystrica for me
Hmm what is your price
In Italy Moroccans are 2nd largest immigrant group after Romanians, but they are relatively new group not long there eniugh to have same problematic neighbourhoods like you have in France or Belgium where you have large muslim communities since 60s.
It's not overwhelming, since our media prefers to cover domestic problems
He was a guy who wore his father's or grandfather's silon trousers and an old shirt while he was tinkering with his radio or while he wrote some piece of code on paper that he can later test on some old computer at school
Lebanon also manages to handle security well, especially given the dire situation they are facing.
And nothing of value is lost
//edit: maybe I should add there are some other costs associated with studying
Well Slovakia also has bad education (at least quite a bit worse than in the Czech Republic) and most of state officials are corrupt (after pointing out the fact that a few services purchased by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs were overpriced, our PM said that journalists are anti-Slovak prostitutes that want to fight against the country; some people in the Parliament are also affiliated with a guy which should be prosecuted for tax evasion, but nothing has ever happened).
They are getting a rusty piece of metal and in order to keep them airborne for just a few more years before they finally fall apart they will have to pay up to 50% per craft of what would cost them to buy a new one that would last them for decades.
People also sometimes bring their older relatives to live with them
Soviet (i know only the begining of russian)
Well, next to everyone who wants to vote for Le Pen will vote for her in first round.
Those are the true wonder
Why have you forsaken us, Brothers
Not really, but we do share a lot of news stories and TV programmes with Czechia, not mentioning movie or TV show's Czech dub, since our languages are so intelligible
From the perspective of the human lifespan, it's a more than a third of the time a lot of humans will live
On the edge of camp, the Emperor on golden chair,
Or maybe it used to be below the X axis just after Russia.
Do you have any radio recommendations for travellers,especially rock/metal and in Austria, Hungary, Slovakia,Poland or the Czech Republik?
That's if I'm not mistaken a Medieval innovation, just a natural change in languages
They already found over 25 companies founded by Belgians and having the very same address in Slovakia
Then there is šukať and szukat (Polish)
Well, too bad that the numbers shown are counting only FEMALE pornstars (like we found out [the last time this very map was posted]
Source: reading plastic bottles on the toilet.
Im so sorry for that
It has the Croatian pronunciation yet it's Czech words.
Spelling reforms are for pussies, let's write like they did in the middle ages when people had no idea how to write shit so they just made it all up
Usuaully what I hear :
English lacks a word for Uhorsko
In terms of practical action, Slovakia is finishing up another block of nuclear reactors right now; after it goes into operation, our electrical grid should be over 80% covered by carbon-clean energy
He would have completely different mentality
No breaks on this tran - SDP leads in polls over CDU
Tell him that in Italy, it is customary to eat spaghetti by hands only, and rude using a fork
You get a wardrobe, a night stand and a bed
NYC, Newark, Philly - Liked last one most - at least some history in country that is very new.
Germany
People were also calling that sub satire
"V psej materi" - Inside the dog's mother
Whole cartridge at short range from the back.
well, every momma has her favorites
Remind me when they invaded Moldova, Slovakia or Switzerland?
If there are ANY examples or functioning communism or anything close to it ANYWHERE in the world, feel free to educate me
Literally **24 years** ago
The coat of arms really does suit on the Slovakian flag!
If you cook on a burner for a long time (say over an hour) and you lower the power, water or whatever you cook cools down immediately.
Our water quality is very good
I thought it was totally crowded lately
that hook like structure was part of the gate defense fortification.
I was surprised how mad it was in Italy
DNA is a discovery, not an invention
Because a black kid which is born in Italy, grows in Italy, studies in Italy and speaks only Italian, has no connection to Africa, other than his skin color.
Tell him that in Prague, it's common to ask random women on the street if they want to have sex for a few bucks and be filmed while at it
And yep About time a house in Cornwall, a lawyer living in London, lucky enough to have parents who were friends with a guys who had a house in London
That can erode faith in the institution itself.
You disgust me
The first place we rented didn't allow us to put our addresses there and after we got our own place, we decided to just wait a year more because we would need to change everything to the new address and that takes the major piss
So in this perspective I'm quite positive about this
The joke is the former communists are still in power and it seems no one really gives a shit.
Can't think of any others
Some abandoned their positions in fear of being "canibalized by the blacks", others due to the fear of being overwhelmed
I will always think about my grandma which used to show me these whenever she found some
It looks weird AF, since every single ASOIAF name is too 'foreign-sounding' for it not to look weird
Czech is the closest language to our Slovak and we can write, speak and understand it without much problems, because we've been exposed to it since our childhood
We're with Germans on this one, you go to a party, you buy booze, which you contribute to the shared pool
Anyway I would cheer for you too
I like Finish because it is just so alien
Two languages is like nothing nothing
I am quite sure it's the same deal with those old planes.
I'd suggest re reading the original comment then reading your own comment again.
therefore the costs are ridiculous, and the company is not able to compete in worldwide economy
He was already on of the most popular Polish writers abroad before games.
Group A is trying to steal as much they can by appealing to elder population
Older translations of the books in Czech don't contain the suffix -ová, but I suspect that the Slovak translation of ASOIAF is to be blamed, since it was the first one to use it
Listen girls, let me explain you why this is really just nonsense.
Probably even worse in Chicago since you have higher humidity.
Like its literally changing a letter here and there and then its like a handful of words
Probably Jozef Tiso, president during WW2 that is responsible for sending thousands of Jews and others to Hitler
Very easy to mix up with Slovakia, but it's usually Slovakia that gets called Slovenia and not the other way around and actually it's the Slovaks own fault as they call themselves Slovensko and their language slovensky jazyk.
It is better to get a chance for good life than deny it just because people often screw up ...
Like, how could they even work
Anyway, my top pick is North Macedonia
Eg candidate which is banned has a bloody tough time getting anything in double digit numbers in elex.
Thats interesting
People need to stand united to achieve great things
However, a 17 years old girl was killed by soviet occupants at those places
Great Moravia gained bishop and church there wasn’t controlled by Frank bishops (for a while)
Probably the central North
Last time we protested against our (now) ex-prime minister he quit so he would not suffer consequences and our new prime minister is just his pawn
Not really
It shows how fragile we are
I guess that speaks for itself
The problem comes from the morons which think european colonialism was a mission to civilize lower people.
It's more common for people who have their own (mostly in villages)
I found interesting that with my income
So are you claiming that he was also a western puppet?
Google would probably gladly just allow everything, but they have to do it like this, or they will get constantly sued by media companies
Could not afford the shows, but maybe some other time
Our medical system has been systematically robbed and words "on verge of collapse" have been used more than once well before coronavirus
Because NZ can afford to lock itself down
Justice at last, maybe: Slovakia
English and German are taught at least to some extent at most of our schools as secondary languages used in communication with the foreigners, but we've come a long way since they were introduced to the general population
Depends, if it's Czechia then it's alright, but if it's Hungary
A lot of anomalies are happening there and a lot of people went missing in these hills
You make 10% of your GDP just by enabling smooth logistics for materials to us and for products from us
Here it's only with women, although it's mostly just the older generations
... Asterix lied to me
I love milk
Whole economy based around car production
>and maybe Bulgarian
Masaryk University in Brno is the best Slovak university hands down
What would you pick
In fact, it was one of our main foreign policy goals in the post-communist period.
Ah, I am sorry I meant parliamentary elections.
I think there is an exception in case that study program is not offered in official language on any other university, but for simplicity, studying in foreign language is almost always paid
I don't know, I found it online.
I know Slovakian is the next closest language to us outside of the South Slavic group, but how can it be on the same distance as Slovenian?
Slovakia produces per capita most cars in the world, so there goes a lot of jobs and production.
If you want to commit ilegal activity, you will get the weapon.
Ive never seen a stray dog
So I would like a carrier that would work in both countries but I will only be in Slovakia for a 1-2 days so it will be fine if thats not possible.
We went through that shit with Vladimir Meciar in 90ies
Its often a place where homeless do drugs and have sex apparently
I guess
Many actually, especially for food products like Nutella (chocolate/nuts cream), Salko (condensed milk), horalky (typical slovak bisccuit/candy), cif (cleaning for your sink), Jar/pur (this soap for cleaning dishes), granko (chocolate granules), inka(coffe like drink - like nestle caró)
He was basically Hitler's bitch
I mean these photos are pretty bullshit because you can capture any moment and push narrative, but it's pretty funny
Call it post-communist - no problem.
I love Czechia
Every tourist site in France was filled with Africans trying to sell you "bling" and I only visited the three main Swiss cities and not the mountainous south.
Already your first example is a very bad idea.
Some time ago, when facebook was just starting to be popular here, there was Slovak facebook group named "we want sea instead of Hungary", so you know
In Slovak is jealousy "žiarlivosť" and envy is "závisť".
In slovakia se just call it Either Easter or Šibačka
In 100 years, highway from Bratislava to Košice will still be 4 more years away from being finished
Made me gigle thinking of your president
The building process in that district is pretty aggresive, we finally get our first skyscraper (more than 150m in height) and a ton of almost-skyscrapers
Reddit must be quite an improvement over stormfront
Never miss opportunity for some petty quarrels ruin whole nations.
Seems like 90+ percent of members are germans or german speaking
Only 1 or 2 Eastern European countries are spending 2% required by NATO.
How many IKEA stores do you have in your country
But we wont get mad over these petty things
A country can imprison you or just nuke your house.
It is very important to note your socio-economic status here.
Tell him that just like in another bad movie, he should be vary of hot Slovak girls, as they'll likely want lure him to a non public place and have enslaved / murdered
And the point (of far right voters being more dedicated, especially among youth) still stands.
If WW3 starts we are between Ukraine and Western Europe
If zis hepens one more time I vill hef to call ze polizei
She said she had liked being a pioneer, but also said the constant marching in the streets of Nitra was really tiring for her (they would often march for hours while carrying flags)
And most of those who run away also return.
Our president is the most trusted politician here so I wouldn't change her
Few weeks ago media started talking about it
Slovacchia wtf
I know you have better quality of food at your home market and you export better quality to Germany and lower to Slovakia, Czechia, Hungary and so on.
It would be great to have a link along the Adriatic coast all the way to Tirana and maybe further down to Greece
Do realize the United States is larger than Ireland, the UK, Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, B&H, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungry, Romania, Moldova, and the Ukraine combined???
Let us prove that our religion is actually not hateful by stabbing people
I love how languages works as this
Until that is solved I, too, would advise against expanding the eurozone.
They are most likely simple people who barely scrape by and then they see lavish lifestyles of people in big cities and obviously they're jealous
What the fuck is Hungary
Oh and he's the governor of the [BB region]
During training they are told that its preferable to being ISIS POW.
Truly fucking horrifying how these assholes basically ran a mob ruled state, we knew before but now there's evidence
Calling liars out on their lies isn't paranoia
Which reminds me, I still have to see Pony Park Slagharen
>English and French
In your logic they had it coming.
That's detergent for washing machines
Any of the Visegrad 4 countries (Poland, CZ, Slovakia, Hungary) are generally not viewed as "eastern" in CZ.
That's not very Anglish ;D More like Italian
Demography is my hobby and I have pretty much knowledge about every european country and can tell you that there is no way to give you even slightly accurate answer or %, because nobody is enumerating this (national statitical offices).
They don't necessarily derive from the general regional dialect, which is usually just the one spoken in the region's major town.
hej
On the other hand, we have a hidden neonazi party in our parliament with 8 % election-day support which, based on opinion polls, basically didn't exist a night before the election.
Not city but country
" greetings with how my day exactly is
Flipping burgers
&#x200B;
Everything has it ups and downs.
Biology teachers in schools
Nikolaus (Mikuláš) here comes with čert (sort of a demon, from hell), which takes little naughty kids in his bag, and Angel, who gives good kids chocolate
On the other side, Prague has one of the lowest concentration of Roma people.
It is not official channel
Religion is simply something we are aware of but don't think about on a daily basis.
Sorry, my mother, who also doesn't speak Russian in practice, went into a nursing school, where they had some classes in Russian, she memorized it this way and taught me
If it reverts back to violence again, it will be very different.
I think they would be more preoccupied with resistance movements than with any offensive beyond the western border.
Corporate bribery that is sigarcoated as lobbying should be fiercly persecueted, tax cuts should be minimal and only applied when you have black-on-white written benefits and so on.
Chzechia is an english word, transcribed to english
Wait wait wait, are you not denying that MH17 was shot down with a BUK belonging to Russian armed forces anymore
And for decades no one had guts to finish it.
And some cave dudes
Huh
even we have many words which are linked with ancient gods and mythology of yours, I imagine your vocab must be full of it
Jesus Christ I still can't get over it that I was in Berlin just two months ago, having Polish trucks deliver steel columns and other construction material to us.
Just those I expect fewer people to know
I would imagine most people not knowing the origin.
[But whoever denies me before men, I also will deny before my Father who is in heaven] - for context, we've had our national population survey during the last months and this is a response to a movement against proclaiming yourself catholic if you don't even go to church so as not to support the Church neither financially nor with soft power to support policies such as antiabortion or anti free speech laws
We also have [bryndzové halušky] , which are sort of dumplings, but more like gnocchi - heavy on potatoes, that are soaked in bryndza cheese
Another is the word kočka
French election system isnt retarded as in US so candidate who gets most votes actually wins elections and not looses them.
No one does jokes better than me.
23, 5 is perfect for me
Nature in those countries is amazing, just don't go there in autumn or early spring, when it's all grey.
French saw the early results of Brexit what took wings off Le Pen proposal to hold Frexit referendum.
Not exactly what you asked because it relates to currency, but Czech students often measure their expenses in beers
Then I learnt that that we're known for being involved in accidents in Crotia as well.
this is basically the **džist** of it.
Looks like Edward Scissorhands' place
Well it´s on you and us to get those bribed idiots out in May
I don't really know, that's what I assume
Austro-Hungarian Empire was fine (I guess) for Austrians and Hungarians, others were second-rate nations with no influence (in best case) or directly oppressed (in worse case)
Love that city
However unlike in ww1, this cavalry charge was very much successful
At beast Macron would get 2-to-1 ratio, far behind when Chirac desolated JMLP.
Oh absolutely, the name is stupid
Yeah, Polish would be better understood by Slovaks, especially those familiar with eastern-slovak dialect
Oh, yes, it was not ordinary, decaying western democracy.
You showed yourself as pretty strong anti-immigrant, follow local rules personalities in last events but majority of your emigrants are just ignorant dumbfucks not able to learn easiest language for you.
Or we used to gather in kitchen because it was smaller and heated easily
The economy is not horrible but far from being as good as the EU average.
So slovakia is as bad as south dakota and everything else is just worse
I said "bar Belarus and Russia", ie only those countries on continent require visa for EU citizens.
I have known people and have friends from Transylvania as well as Slovakia and it's mostly just a way for politicians to trigger people detached from everyday life in there.
My coworker was in Egypt - after 2 weeks she was tanned like milk chocolate...
I thought only Russian media are reporting lies and half truths.
In Slovak we have 'Je mi to ukradnuté' which would translate to 'It is stolen to me', but it actually meant 'I really don't care' in a not very friendly fashion
>I personally value freedom Android system gives me
Shitty weather
Also if you have a lot of acquaintances you can literally bribe anyone and be well off
Those are usually very low
We have tens of millions of people who are uninsured, even more people who are underinsured
Yeah, if I recall correctly the devs are Slovaks who were studying in Brno and most of the original music was made by a Czech guy
day 7 of international media saying you're protesting against the corona-precautions
In Bratislava, capital of Slovakia we use the term CéPéčkari  which is based on a popular website cp
I want in there too
Visited this summer because I was performing at Gem festival, really loved your country
I support NATO as couterweight to country which occupied us and Russia can piss off from Ukraine after they pay billions of euros in compensations.
He talks trash in slovak villages but always follows Germany lead.
To that end, they could petition the CJEU to issue a preliminary ruling.
So you don't put your hand bacteria that you've collected throughout the day all over your ding dong.
We are landlocked, which is unfortunate, tho in the past as part of the Kingdom of Hungary, perhaps the Habsburg Monarchy as well, we had an access to sea
But more like
I am extremely confused about how adamant you are about the differences you perceive
At this point the first known Slavic letters and codified language were formed (it's possible there were some writing systems before but we don't have a serious proof of it only some indications)
I think Slovakia has a different opinion in the V4 group because they use the Euro.
If you have ice in your drink, or some fruits or herbs, then straw is helpful
"Jablko" (apple) = "Jabĺčko" (lil' apple)
Very popular
Probably not Eastern part of EU nor East Europe/Russia.
Regardless of how I feel about accepting refugees and the way it was/is in reality, our government did absolutely nothing in the case - with exception of two-faced posturing.
I would assume that majority of inhabitants of what is now Slovakia did not give a shit and cared more about potatoes and goats.
I also own a Peugeot and there is no way I would consider a PSA car for my next pruchase.
Eastern regions- poverty, Gypsies, crazy and uneducated drunkards, very weird dialects and accents
Joke's on you, now you have to go around because no boats go through there
*equivocation*
About big towns, we don't really have them big, there Bratislava and then other bigger places as Košice, Žilina
My city became city in 1255, but it was probably started a lot sooner, so then the population was really just a few people and more complex planning wasn’t a thing back then
It's not like there are people hanging around fields waiting for tourists to fall asleep in their tents.
And once Kosovo will be claimed by largest regional military power and protected by no one, it will be relevant.
And that's why I support the EU, it serves the main point of its existence.
Also DeutCHe Bank Holdings is amazing
Terrible hangover though
Take Poland, Slovakia and Hungary for instance, all of them are in favour of the EU, yet they oppose certain policies and are against federalization as far as I can tell.
Three of them come to mind: Slovak uprising against Hungary in 1840s (together with establishment of official Slovak language by Ľudovít Štúr and subsequent rise of Slovak national identity), the Treaty of Trianon when we finally broke from Hungarian chains and finally, official establishment of Slovak republic in 1993
I remember a bunch of 80s and 90s cars on the roads in the mid 2000s, those are mostly all gone
Ever since EU has been shitting on Gruevski head, he started turning around on Moscow.
Im suggesting we are gonna get nuked cause its not that far from russia and im pretty sure the radiation could affect Wien.
Also i fully support public education, national universal healthcare system etc
There is just something really appealing in anthems, haha
Tech gets released early, travel can be cheap, houses are huge, you can get fantastic food, all the concerts, etc
Losers dont get "ethnically clensed" or become victims of genocide (other examples would be the native americans, or the belgian Congo), its, if anything at all, something like "population transfer" or "exodus"
Also funny thing Austria - Hungary was Rakúsko -  Uhorsko but modern Hungary is Maďarsko
Sounds like Slovakia
No, because they are richer than you :D.
Tell him that just like in the Eurotrip movie, he'll be considered to be a billionaire if he waves a single American dollar around in Slovakia
Also keep in mind the seasons, as prices and crowds spike punishingly in the summer and in winter the days are short and cold.
WHo cares about idiots that don't know basic history thought in elementary school
And my god, I love them
For anything else, how else do you want to seperate Europe and Asia in any other place that is one continuous landmass if not by natural lines?
I see the action done by Blizzard as violation of this
Rains are more rare than sunny day or cloudy ones, but we dont have any problems with that
This is also true for some other Slavic countries like Serbia and Slovakia.
I would sell my kidney for an AC
Slovak inperialism at it's best
East Europe=Best Europe
When it comes to trains, depending on the location, you can use the same card as on the buses (city specific card of Bratislava, for example), but you need to have it activated for the zones you pass through I think
Austria, cause it's right behind the corner
I love ze german accent
Congratulations Welt, you bunch of idiots.
Are you telling me that Bill isn't short for Billiam
boer families were put into camps simply for the reason that they were the families of boer fighters.
If we actually closed the borders, the opportunists would stay home and genuine refugees would be diverted to middle eastern or african refugee camps instead.
kladivo in Slovak -I feel like the 3 syllables somewhat take the punch away
Illegal in some countries, lol, for the better I think
Well, our rule of law isn't subject to whim of plutocratic ruling class as in....well, you know.
Refugee stream from Turkey as good as dried up.
I asume English is close to 100% now as 1st foreign language and than from 2nd languages from mentioned 5th grade majority choose Russian?
send their greetings to you, emperor famous
Im gonna beat you to a bloody pulp and then squat on you like a true Slav.
I agree though that we should act according to the treaties and accept the decision unless the Court revokes it, but at the same time I really hope no other quotas are passed against our will.
Kurva means whore, scheisse means shit, etc
And both his parents were also Slovak
So that 2nd factor you mentioned is clerly wrong.
Weather is not as simple as temperature scale
Nie ďakujeme, my ich už máme dostatok
Was it before or after they start dancing on tables
More Slovaks live in USA than in capital city of Slovakia
Stay strong Nederland
For instance, one of my doctors is IIRC from Kenya and a surgeon that did my appendectomy was IIRC from Greece.
It seems we stole "šarkan" from you and use it almost interchangibly with "drak" for both dragons and kites
Have you stopped lying about that
You are as racist as it gets and being upvoted shows the sorry state of this sub.
Hell yeah
Why doesn't he run from Portugal to Bulgaria and from Bulgaria to Norway ( across Baltic countries) then finally swim to Ireland.
This is just sad
People were panic buying last week, now it is okay, except for my beans
Italians generally complain a lot about your country
And more
Thanks Austria for shops near border (Kittsee, Hainburg n/der Donau etc
This is one of the games I as a Slovak person don’t want to play, but okay
well yes, but thats essentially what i said, they invented the base of the alphabet - glagolic in great moravia and their students invented cyrilic in bulgaria, i just wasnt sure if cyrilic was a based on glagolic or not
The rest is then filled with random negative memories and emotions passed from generation to generation, frustrated teachers, hardcore nationalist groups, negative confrontations with the other side (who often also see you just as the biggest evil)
What wordplays on that have Italian dads invented, if I may ask
No one inthe comments seems to mention laptops or handheld gaming consoles or cameras
Tell him that in Italy, one must ask for ketchup on a pizza
You could do Vienna instead, or just drop that stop altogether.
I think the other members would actually welcome it.
The english language differences are more like accents
Not once for three weeks I have been there.
This really makes me uncomfortable as a person who absolutely despise hot temperatures
It would be a blow-out to providers that charge ridiculous money in some countries, often, the same provider charges half of the price for various deals in a different country.
20yo M, living in the capital Bratislava
Kolená, palce, kolená, palce
Unlike in retarded english, mostly yes
I love the idea of being proud of your country, since Europe is so beautifully diverse and we should be happy about what each of our countries has to offer; however, it's apparently too easy to slide into the toxic nationalism coupled with xenophobic views
Well she's not exactly celebrity, just politician
Nowadays, mostly December-February in the lowlands, although brine is all that's left of it by noon
He is dead and everyone knows it and as fuck we aint waiting 2 more years until the sentence comes
I'd say most of them, apart from the Slovenia/Slovakia/Serbia, Andorra/Moldova, Netherlands/Luxembourg, which share main colors but not a RGB single property or the coat of arms.
Literally every single country in the world except Switzerland is a backwards shithole compared to Norway
In all capitalist countries
The Finns are badass, and smart too
Normal thing, but it does not happen often, people dont go to restaurant to eat up and leave, we go there to eat some, drink some, talk some and have a nice evening/noon/whatever part of the day but rarely breakfast
I seriously never heard about this.
Well those are it then
I've been here couple of times and water was much colder than in Tučepi or Brela for example
I don't think so because he wouldn't put Croatia in the group of the most Slavic nations then, as Slovakia, Czechia and Russia have more ''yellow'' than us.
There is a pack of cigarettes (Camel I believe) that are €2 in slovakia
Lmaoooo
Swap Peugeot and Opel s places.
"Westerners" typically call anything ex East Bloc 'Eastern Europe', and ex Eastern Bloc people will call anything ex Soviet Union 'Eastern Europe' :)
I read somewhere that back then Slovenians used to eat some little mouse like mammals and it used to be pretty regular to the Slovenian diet, but im not sure if it was Slovenia or Slovakia.
Beer is worse, most big brands are owned by Heineken and only the small brewers are worth a shot
epyk
The core of such army would have to be combined armies of France, Spain, Poland and Germany because the rest is too irrevelant, corrupt and poor or just Belgian like
Its definitely small
There is a reason we are at the same rank as Slovenia
Agree with your 1st part that they have/had real assesment of the situation (hard to believe all those security analysts, experts and intelligence agencies are so incompetent and ,, unprepared for every scenario,,)
Kaiserka/kaizerka
[Turkey Says Syrian Warplanes Killed 3 of Its Soldiers in Syria]
Enter the mob/politics - “make” some money - bribe someone - build/buy a hotel in High Tatras - enjoy
Why wasn't it fair
Also, not my city, but Vienna has THE waltz: [An der schönen blauen Donau]
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
I did
I think their judgement was fair.
Im disappointed my country isnt there
That is not just former soviet interpretation of communism, it is The communism
i wasnt speaking about turks in particular
czechs have a saying, goverment that raises prices of beer, is bound to fall
People are into craft beer, you buy nice quality ice cream instead those 2 gallon tubs of sugary crap
Was supposed to spend 4 days around NYE in Stockholm this winter for my 30th, but COVID
Also they are gender separated and I consider it a bullshit
Or compare the information on these two subjects in the wiki pages
The result was again shooting into the crowd with several shot dead and dozens heavily wounded
coup was orchestrated in Kiev
There is an urgent need for Hungarian - English phrasebook.
Historically was there some strong Portugal influence in Russia or vice versa
It's better when they prefer Slovak media, since it's less biased (less than in Hungary), but since people don't speak Slovak well, they rather prefer Hungarian stuff
You’re telling me a German will have svíčková for Sunday lunch, bake some koláče to take over to their neighbors for the afternoon visit which they will drink slivovica during, while watching some Hrebejk movie
Still not perfect but the best writing system among Slavic languages and one of the best among all languages in the world
And lastly, there is insanely low percentage of people speaking pure slovak
I mean judging how EU has been treating Internet recently it's not a surprising fact to be honest
I have a friend studying in London right now, he wishes he could slum it this way too
This can be triple the fun in central europe because
As a German you should know that that is not a proper nazi salute, also I never said that he is not a nazi, most likely he is, I just said that a still image like this is not evidence
I would do the same, rather then pay my scumbag  corrupt government that just splits it between few friends
If you compare it to your initial comment, it's something quite different
Disagree, its all about fair play and regulations.
My country didn’t exist in 1919 yet haha so idk how to answer
"Mačka" (cat) = "Mačička" (cute little cat)
In northwest Slovakia
that circular thing are foundations of a small fort used as a housing of leader of army of Jan Jyskra.
I was confused when I first saw a sand beach in Italy and then I when I got back home from the vacation I was telling my friends how Italy has a sand playground leading to the sea unlike other countries and that is the reason why people vacation in Italy so they can play on their sand playgrounds with water
The others, especially the Croatian, give an impression of normalcy - something about national politics, a crime story, a human interest story, a bit about the rest of Europe, about the world, some sport, the weather.
In my country they are proposing, or already made law that to operate drone you need security clearance
"What do you call praying mantis
Global peace index better than Greece (EU country) and very close to the UK and France (EU countries)
Over the centuries the area around this town became know as Racouz and from that derives our term “Rakúsy” which eventually became “Rakúsko”
(2) The Slovak Republic recognizes and honors general rules of international law, international treaties by which it is bound and its other international obligations
But when talking to my grandparents, who prefer Hungarian channels, I can see how it influences them (they say we need a strong ruler like Orban or Putin, migrants are a plague etc
btw the meaning is "musician"
Hungary actually isn't doing bad.
We'll wait until husband has to renew his residency and then get the new one to the new address
In 1999 there was the same project with the same title and same number of pages, but somehow it'is missing, and in 2001 there was another one and is also made private
We should totally start a petition
About 80% of the Slovak Roma population is unemployed.
Bruh sound effect #2
//edit: maybe I should add there are some other costs associated with studying
Me an my Spanish friends we had to wear coats in summer which was just not right
Here are some of the less popular specific places that left a lasting impression on me (all for different reasons): [Poland] [Slovakia] [Lithuania] [France] [Ukraine] [Germany] [Latvia]
From what I understand there has always been a huge animation industry in the Chzech Republic and Slovakia.
Peak youtube
I don’t consider that a lot
Yeah, langoš with tartar sauce/sour cream, garlic and grated cheese is perfect
i sincerely hope this isn't supposed to be a reference to her song
In depth answer: There is a culture in Slovakia about hating your job
Better question would, be if Swedish is the 2nd most usefull language after English.
And funky, but much better then expected haha, i was expecting something like [this] or [this]
The martial law, the censorship, the fall of communism and the consecutive democratisation
Maybe he's just repeating what liars told him, who knows
In Czech it's a cat
And is about as far away from the centre of the country as it can be
Considering we barelly touched WW2, I'm happy some kids heard about the Holocaust at least
Unfortunately, I am not proud about my Slovak Nationality
Slovak scientists lose access to international database
Much better than discussing colonialism with Brits
I like words like “zmrzlina” or the czech “čtvrtsmršť” because some people apparently freak out when they see long streak of consonants without vowels
The other people probably not
We have codified Slovak language and myriad of dialects.
I genuinely know people from Africa (Liberia IIRC) who fled the war and the kids have no clue when they were born or how old they are.
Shanghai Noon with Jackie Chan was translated as "Once upon a Time in the East". It was impossible to pun on High Noon in Slovak, but I think they did their best
Now, maybe you don't agree that these acts should be considered criminal, and that's OK (although I'm not aware of any country in the world that doesn't criminalise sedition)
It will die down tho once they legalize it
There are way too many reasons this would not happen, none of them would be cultural/democratic/economy performance related.
I have eaten homemade schnitzels with bread on trips with my family so many times that I have lost my count
Poland is the only place I've seen wakie-talkies used in order to know where the police are and therefore be confident of not getting a ticket for
My BF in USA said he doesn't have insurance now, because he is switching careers
Our PM is not much, but he’s better than last two PMs
Then, you also have plenty of private schools that are often uni-lingual with a foreign language only
the end (in 30 years maybe, after a treaty of some sorts)
Thats interesting
There was a public competition in 2008 what will be the common design for a coin commemorating 10 years of EMU
Maybe they are men
Belarussian name for Belarus translates to White Russia
You know you can literally say the same about communism
would be prominent in German history :)
You can punish Poland, Slovakia and Hungary for their lack of solidarity with Southern States in regard to MENA refugees or migrants, but not the Baltic States.
Well, Cuba and Costa Rica scored the same bracket as Spain, Italy, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and more.
Ukraine is as much corrupted as other mentioned countries.
Exactly, and this is called out every time we have this discussion
If there is a hard Brexit it will cause structural changes in the British economy and those take their sweet time.
Best friends forever <3 I also like Slovakia the most.
Trees, small lakes, all very people-friendly, close to city center
But when I think traditional British food, even local places, as I lived in both Cornwall and England
In some words use of "y" at the end of nouns makes the noun plural
Many of them should have been already in jail, even before such incidents
Thats more Czech than German
The keyboards are usually Czech-Slovak here, so there are two letters on some buttons for the respective languages
Because they are not alone in that house.
Maybe with exception of studying in Bratislava since amount of students exceed the dormitory capacity a lot
Maybe you should check
Well, in case of UK this has strenghten illegal selling of smuggled cigarettes by pakistani shop owners that are currently untaxed by British authorities and also as such are unmonitored (say that 1 mil of packs would be decrease of taxed smokes and 1 mil increase in untaxed, smuggled - UK statistics would show decrease of 1 mil even though smoking habits would remain the same).
And it's such a shame too
It makes us feel superior, so dont take it away from us.
Stupidity of people and corruption-million factors connected with those 2.
"Ján" = "Janko"
Well demography of Pressburg was systematically replaced between wars and after the ww2.
We have more and more grammar school graduates and vocational training is somewhat scorned upon.
**"It's a spanish village to me"** - having no knowledge about a topic
Well, I agree with you, but that's not what I was asking.
Also at office (smaller office, friendly environment) we make frequent jabs at co-workers that gain weight
In bigger cities it's common to find also Sushi restaurants and Indian restaurants
Please use the full title, thank you
> We shared most of our history together, like we were one state longer than we were sepparated
Your issue isn't doing what you think is right, your issue is a skewed idea of what is right.
Sorry, but this is genius
Historically, in Slovakia, nationalism + clergy went always hand in hand.
Foreigners generally don't know about us
Many eastern countries are not poor, just not as rich as western EU, but several times richer than countries of origin of those refugees.
Have bought it in Germany a few times to take home, and have even seen it here in Finland here and there the last few years.
to iron clother - bigľovať - from German "bügeln"
as some other people already wrote here, it's super nice of them if they can actually carry on a conversation (even a simple one), but it's super annoying if they can only say a few words and push it and then you don't understand each other at all, like the types that walk around with a phrasebook and just read stuff from there, mispronounce everything (obviously) and you have no idea what they're trying to say, which wouldn't be a problem if they spoke English instead
oh definitely :)))
Every cop has a handgun here, except riot police of course, they have other means of crowd control at their disposal
Moravian empire was good times
I don't care if the shitty ones get offended over it
Yeah Slovakia everybody is almost equally poor
Our letter ľ sounds  awfully similiar to l, and I have trouble with that a lot
Slovakia goes so far that it won't even recognize gay marriage or civil union made in countries where it's legal
There's a lot more German in Slovak, that you'd never think are loanwords because they are just so very basic
But in my honest opinion, he knows why it is necessary for UK .
Some centers can have higher requirements.
Unlike communism that can NOT exist unless human beings literally get trough biological evolution
Vienna, Vienna, Vienna, Vienna, Bratislava
slovak nationalists nowadays like to swear at modern hungarians, but all the normal and rational slovaks realise modern hungarians and even most old hungarians had nothing to do with it and just want to be friends with our southern neighbours
I live in a city in Slovakia, that's built on old Roman outpost called Laugaricio
From what I know about Duda
But it should be a national holiday imo
Wow, Slovakia only has 13%, how can you care that little?!
Luckily for you, there were such old men in The Netherlands a generation or two ago
But at the time of WW2 they were closer to [100% German population] which percentage was obviously German propaganda, but there is no fucking way you can resettle around 5 million Poles if Poles already lived there.
I was considering German for a moment, but I'm not sure if there are enough speakers to outweigh the Hungarians, even though there is a high no
Just after I said that I don't hate them
Trávnik is lawn in Slovak too:)
I saw a shiny gold car with some arabic plates once when I was in Paris near Champs Elysees
Less countries means less countries to get to agree to your proposals and less countries which can use their veto against your proposals.
The rest of the Eastern bloc, not so much
They are called Kauan, they are pretty cool
Its just so funny to imagine wilderness when I know 20 min walk from there is a cottage are and restaurant
Interesting
>basically a requirement
System in Hungary or Slovakia si different that in Netherlands.
I do it all the time
There are some places where there is still this macho culture pretty alive, but honestly as a tourist you are most likely not going to get there
Now that you say this, our word for a bridge is "most" and since I've learned English, I feel it would be very correct to refer to tunnels as "lísts".
>varied architecture
I mean, imagine that you get a job as bus driver
Yeah, I mean, even in Slovakia, you'll find every village in the mountains to have a sightly different dialect
Such a beutiful land
have these problems
>And almost all of us call a hairdryer "Fön"
Russian state TV also made and aired a "documentary" about how the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia prevented an incipient NATO fascist coup, complete with machine gun nests on the roofs&shit
Honestly, it's the same as always
IDK why but I often notice (and get annoyed by) pronunciation errors more than small grammar mistakes
That was not my point
Looks like only Burgenland, Ruthenia and Slovakia stick together with Hungary
That's just temporal declination nothing unexpected, maybe time to purchase few thousands Pounds
It's fun to make jokes about each other, makes life easier
A bit rich coming from a tank...
If you ask me, he was a neccesary evil who did the minimum (or something above) to not get replaced by someone even worse
sometimes I wish more people understood this fact.
No, the government or even the ordinary person living in a state with the superior product doesnt have knowledge of their quality, they do not regulate or actively encourage double-standards on products.
What you describe happened all across the former communist block and it's wasn't the fault of the west but it was the fault of us not getting rid of the corrupted people.
I can also recognize all european anthems and anthems of big countries
I am not even counting band merch into that, which is also relatively common
Nor did Turkey ever cared for EU opinion about war with PKK.
"We don't need a divided society.
For a nation that didnt exist on the map for 1000 years we have an interesting language history
Don't worry pal, Slovakia is at the arse end of Europe.
Depends on where I am
What a coincidence
For example, Bratislava’s got the ghosts of some corrupt city officials from the 17th century that made a deal with the devil - stories said they’re still haunting a building on the Green Street
I'll oppose any cooperation with Ukraine as long as they treat their minorities bad
Barbarossa or later Heinrich VI.
I would not touch shit there
That sounds exactly like a perfect answer to this post's question
I have never learned Serbo-Croatian, but as I can understand what you have written, I believe you are close enough
it's ab-so-lute-ly ridiculous that some (!) Slovaks have the time to worry about a beauty contest in another country.
The second is, that Eastern Europeans see the USA as a country that managed to economically snap the Soviet Unions neck
Canada recently passed a bill to allow stripping citizenship for terrorism and treason.
If you compare it to your initial comment, it's something quite different
Anyway, they were explaining me how come that Erdogan has such high support.
Soon the same cover with the VW company
Both nations felt oppresed during A-H monarchy, shared some cultural background (Great Moravia) and had/have similar languages.
But well was supposed to be at EDC now, so thats a bummer, because that looks awesome
That thing hit *real*.
I somehow have it in my mind that sirens are these booby half-fish ladies, the singing and luring ships onto rocks so they can eat the sailors is the same
If you say so, it must be true
The Moon is usually depicted as male (but in arts, the Moon is called also Luna, feminine) and the stars are usually depicted as girls
People bring their own bedsheets etc
It dodges both the Alps and the Carpathians
We should work together and not dwell on old history
I'm in this picture and I don't like it
Fuckin' ell this is a proper revolution alright
I once wanted to move so badly when I was younger because I though it's shit here, but almost every country has it's annoying flaws
If it is someone you know(depends who it is) - Yes/Hi/Good Day
Seams stupid
Thats because it is an english word, meant for english speakers
Communists liked hanging, last execution took place in Bratislava in 1989
I have randomly happened to know the word for bat in Serbian is šišmiš, but it hasn't got me any date yet :(
And ECB is already deciding monetary policy as well, not each nation state separately.
Well, many policies are adopted later or long time after it is clear they need to be adopted.
And most of all, France already been there in 2002 and guess what?
Jala
They dont want democratic elections lr they want
he's asking them to bite the bullet for the gov ?
People have higher chance to die or suffer complications from treatable diseases
I've also heard great things about Ivano-Frankivsk, which is pretty much en route.
San Marino has agreement with ECB and even  minted some collectors euro coins
Thats why I like being an EU citizen
Diplomatic immunity does not give you right to act like a dick in host country.
How many times do I have to tell Poles to learn to use š,č and ř, because half of the letters they write, namely z-s, are simply **not there**!
He can still drink a kofola
Why there is any calling for complete revolution and total change of the only system we know works on a national scale
The guy already went batshit, just push a little more
No hate towards Pisa, its a nice city, but there is not much things to do, loved the We love Pasta restaurant tho
just use https (and wss for websockets), you can set it up easly with letsencrypt.org
Czechs are proud of their currency and their central bank is a very respected institution
Slovakia was military borderlands between Habsburg Empire and Ottoman Empire for 3 centuries.
You got some traveling
If you corner it, it will fuck you up
Ľalia
At the same time, I probably wouldn't be born in a hospital back then where I would catch Hep C. But dead anyway because I had a lung infection like 3 times while a child
TIL: Slovakia is not part of europe
So sitting on a terrace is hard sometimes
I didn’t go to dentist for my whole college so my first year after that I didn’t have insurance
You can hope
They are not NATO member and have no military treaties with Poland of mutual self-defense that 1 party must go to defend 2nd party if attacked...
It's always during repairs
I walked old town in 30 minutes and there was nothing opened only one caffé. Then I wanted souvenir so I must go to the shopping center for one souvenir
cz but then I realized you had literally mentioned it in your post hahaha
Well you can help others, but it shouldn t be on expense of your own well being or downgrading your level and quality of life in order to help others
Rudolf Vaský.
Other time the Czech state had to pay for cleaning a non-smoking hotel room etc
And our troops were disciplined, always there, always ready
You know Maltese though
No problem, time to abolish NATO and create EU forces
One is more lunatic the other one more baked into the system
Why do they use the wrong flags
Little bit
I would even tend to think Slovakia is more at risk than say Germany or France.
Here there are two ways to drink coffee usually
Is there any way to support the regulators ? or boycott Facebook or something
Combined with that it was established that blacks are worth 3/5 of one white man vote in slaver states because slaver states feared blacks would outvote them.
Executive 2: Denmark has a prince
Oh I wasn't implying don't wash them after, but if you were dirty touchy touchy throughout the day, do wash them before as well.
Wadi rum is like another world
Right there with you
I love names like Telgárt, Horehronie, Tatry, Nitra or Bratislava
Couple seconds into it, I'm being honked at from both the left lane and the shoulder lane, that's when it hit me and yeah, safety corridors in Slovakia are not in the middle, but on the hard right shoulder
You can barely recognise the honest ones as "gypsies" on sight
Top tips how to travel Europe cheaply
while slovakia is rural as fuck (45% of population lives in towns with under 5000 inhabitant), this map just seems incorrect
As a result, the new name was "Czech and Slovak Federative Republic" and in Slovakia, Československo could have been written with a hyphen (Česko-Slovensko)
LOGIC
Curiously, taxonomy is the only part of Czech and Slovak vocabulary, where adjectives come after nouns, as it is habitual in Polish
It's a rich source of history both in terms of ancient Europe, but also very recent developments such as the Nazi Occupation and the Soviet Invasion/Communism.
Not even a banter
Well if you are not proud of evil empires you are fine.
The split was decided by the new elected politicians in both republics in 1992 (especially the Czech Václav Klaus and the Slovak Vladimír Mečiar), because the two governments had different visions about their common future
High Tatras and Bratislava probably
The whole point was to make a revolution so people can have freedom of choice and are no longer in totalitarian regime
Our PMs were mostly controversial trough all the modern history, and our presidents were less polarized persons who kept them in check
More and more I see it as freedom to shut up ...
The differences are in taxes which favour shoping in Austria.
Those damn Poles
PRetty nice
Trafansagan
Any weird name changes
We didn't need to work too hard to get back into the capitalist western mindset, we've always had it.
But me and my friends like the topic of WW2 so we read about it
In London, I even met Serbians with Hungarian passport.
My mother, who was a child at the time, woke up on a seemingly normal morning, possibly due to commotion, looked out of window and there was a cannon/tank gun pointing right at their window, from a tank stopped on the main street
Both my siblings live in czechia, and also i have many slovak friends living in poland,  austria, germany, switzerland, denmark, nederland, estonia, croatia, spain
We have 5% limit and small parties that have no chance of getting there points are basically wasted vote that gets redistributed among larger parties and therefore you end up supporting partially also those you detest.
Non-native English speakers, what is the most typical calque your countrymen incorrectly use, when they speak English
Slovakia confirmed Serb clay
E.g. it's also relatively easy to find a Chinese content but it's hard to follow it because their movies are often uninteresting for me or full of propaganda BS so it's hard for me to actually keep watching it regularely
Seams stupid
In Slovakia nobody is, howewer i have heard friends discussing France Euro championship in summer and being concerned about safety in France....
100% would open a cafe
He made it private so nobody could read it
Oh, there are so many wonderful little towns like that all across Europe (I've been to plenty in Poland, France, England, a few in Slovakia too).
For example Finland or New Zaeland have been pretty good
You know you can literally say the same about communism
Life of Boris pushes incredible content.
If not, you can buy tickets from machines (pay in cash or debit card), or from the driver (that is not recommended, only for a last minute purchase)
I mean we together for a longer time in one entity even with Croatia than Czech lands
Slovakia cant
Noooo
Looks to me like Greece is sharpening a blade with a stone.
I'm unfortunately not very well read on the history of Hungary.
Maybe if you paid attention in the history class you would be more secure about these parts of the history (and I don't say they are too positive)
Spanish
And so is Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
I can leave today, I am not tied to the job at all
Especially in Slovakia in High Tatras there anually dies a dozen of Czech tourists rocking sandals trying to climb 2400+m tall peaks.
Made me super sad to
I mean sure food can be a little cheaper, but electronics, cars etc
Although we had something kinda similar here(at University) called Prax, for 2-3 weeks(4 hours per work day)
yes
Its one of my totally favourite countries in Europe
were luckily on the Western side of the Iron Curtain
you can look it up  .... edit: I thought we are talking about words where do they come from not brands sorry
This reminds me of when I was like 13 or so and we moved to this quiet part of town, and over the course of the next 3 days I "randomly" ran into three different old guys, one each day, who were all telling me their life stories and how they were the oldest that side of town.
I mean I barely ever think about countries anyway but yeah
I mean, he's not wrong
It just seems all in all very impractical
Many people are angry at him for 'restricting their rights' and the more extreme ones for 'trying to chip them'. The fact that Matovič doesn't speak like a politician (calmly and composedly) plus uses stupid facebook post to announce vital information doesn't help
Bratislava (440k), Košice (240k), Prešov (88k)
Hungarian cuisine is one of the best
My gf lives in Hungary, my mother in Austria, me in Slovakia, and yet we are all only 15-20 minutes by car from each other
With a passion
I suppose we'll see ad hoc coalitions then.
For a bit of fun, the current Vice president of USA won't have a meal with another woman without his wife present as per the Billy Graham rule for pretty much the same reasons
Also, the famous chess-playing automaton devised by Wolfgang Kepmelen in Bratislava in the 18th century is rumored only to be a hollow doll, secretly "housing" a Turkish amputee, who was very good at chess
So they finally found the hot singles in the area ?
In slovakia se just call it Either Easter or Šibačka
(doubtful, but hopeful)
And krowky
As far as Austria is concerned, Burgenland is its poorest part for until 90s it was considered as end of the world.
) - ďakujete
People started wearing it like that here too after it got hot
I'm sad nobody wrote them out
weekly news mostly "orange man did bad thing" or "someone died because of guns"
You missed chance to get *blue book* for some irrelevant health *problem* like flat feet or allergy...
The funniest I heard was to call a press conference, as press conference in Slovak is tlačovka and pushing  is tlačiť and press is tlač
That's what I ate, but I don't consider vegan food traditional British food
It's private site, for free
i have been all over Uk ate at the best pub even where the menu was 30pounds and was like yeah ok
No, I don't think most Slovaks see our common state as oppressive or illegitimate
I can never get over that little chunk of Russia just hanging out there surrounded by Poland and Lithuania
I hate overpopulated places, so definitely not the low countries
1 201,55€
Can you describe it
It's not even a town, rather a village
But there were more Hungarians in southern Slovakia than Slovaks (and still are to this day) so the rest could stay
dans 0:23 elle nous rappele une message très actuel, ce qu'on souvent entend en cette moment xD
I can make an survey when he will get 0% of approval and another where he will get 100% until elections its all irelevant and only elections (if he will candidate) will show the real approval rate.
I don't drink alcohol and our national cuisine isn't very appealing to me at all (except for 'bryndzové halušky', non-smoked cheese products and few kinds of soups and maybe other dishes I currently can't think of)
PSA will end up with 3 mass market brands the same as VW and Peugeout will go more upmarket( the 3008 looks more premium than anything with VW badge).
I feel that separatism in Czechia was more about finally ruling themselves while in Slovakia it was more about getting rid of Hungarians and their oppressive policies
Non-registered organizations can build a building, but it is not categorized as religious institution (ie being tax-free for instance, and also receiving money from state).
We are very macho like culture.
I love that we get to stay with Czechia, wouldn't have it any other way
And western waste products exporters will benefit from Balkan markets even more than before.
Yes, our clown(in a middle of a cabinet crisis) was there too
Famous sentence from our northern neighbours
I went to school few years ago, might be more PC now, but I remember how hated the hungarians were portrayed in there, like satan himself is down under those boarders
We google ourselves the most
Nothing comes top-of-mind though
Same in Bratislava but it's already raining
That would be enough to properly demonstrate it :D
I see Romania as our natural friend and ally we share a lot of similarities with and there's a lot of we can learn from each other (like them dealing with corrupt politicians).
The whole idea was that workers own the mean of production and rule the society
I need this in my life
go 3%+ GDP/yr than it is for higly developed countries.
This is Štefan Harabin, former chief justice of the Supreme Court of Slovakia for 10 years, former Minister of Justice
Nitra - fraction distillation of liquified air, mostly
You wish ey
Chocolate combined with alcohol is the ultimate combo lmao
She hasn't told me much about it, except that it was required of her and her fellow pioneers to attend public festivities and street marches celebrating socialism and the government
I also understand that a lot of people is still used to pre-89 political classification of countries to Western and Eastern bloc
Nothing changed since 1700, still not interesting enough for average european
Well, that is what I am saying.
We gotta pump those numbers up
This was long overdue, Erdog thinks he can ottoman his way through Europe.
Had border guards been in place pre-refugee crisis lot of damage could have been avoided.
Then there is costs associated with food
So we shopped a lot in Asian shops or Indian places for ingredients because Indian can be pretty vegetarian
Here we go:
I will not take the time to go point by point, simply because this whole thing is seemingly highly subjective, and it makes no sense to try to persuade you that your own experience is invalid, when it is clearly not
Come to think of it, it is often used when angry so instead of like "I can't get this stupid thing to work"  you would say "I can't get this bazmeg to work"
Also Greece: Has an island called Lesbos with literal millenia of homosexual history
The police is lucky if they go to a range twice a year, gun owners are usually at a range several times per year or even several times per month
Note the old guys singing songs, smoking, having plemty of beer in a classic wooden decor with dark green cloth on the table
While that might be the case, it's still worth it for the seller
[ahahaha]
>Yes
(if someone doenst understand, or if someone is doing something in very different way than what is custom, for no apparent reason)
The ex Prime Minister of Slovakia Peter Pellegrini [hanging the curtains] of his mother, [building a closet] or [splitting wood] More on his FB and IG
Slovakia got no more traffic that NZ
And on and on
The quality and presence of welfare in western and northern europe is awe inducing compared to the US or the eastern europe.
But they still let Hitler split Czecho-Slovakia and do whatever he wanted, even though he was speaking about his plans.
Slovak nazi state (WW2)
But hey it could be worse, they could be racist, corrupt and actually smart.
However, as EU is a huge and a very diversified entity, there is plenty of other options to choose from, plenty of alternative suppliers that have both the capacity and the capital to expand their production to fill the now emptied space left by the British companies.
Do cars also stop
In how many European languages can you say "thank you"?
Very good in general, but you are assuming wrong
To see how far can Prague spring go
because here pretty much everything wit "ija" sound is written as "ia" "letter/phone" (because slovak unlike english or most languages really doesnt only have vowels and constants, but also "doublephones" like eastern slavic languages - ia, ie, iu, ô)
Mind sharing where you got the data for that
I want to try living in as much countries as possible and EU helps me in that
"raz za uhorský rok" - once in a hungarian year (meaning very rarely if ever)
Hungary, on the other hand, is incorrect.
I see your corrupt politicians and raise you by ours.
like nobody considers Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary as Eastern Europe.
Slovakia is a ticking time bomb.
I'd vote for [Razem] if I were Polish, but I guess they're too left-wing for most Poles.
Definitely would not want to start family there
Also not a big fan of sunny beach in Bulgaria
People have started using these words interchangeably and it is not an issue with say someone who comes from Slovakia because those cant get german benefits immediately
You can choose between religion and ethics classes
Also, small countries like Slovakia are hugely dependent on bigger countries in Europe in almost everything
80 of 111 seats are held by either KDP, PUK or Gorran.
I don't need bunch of drunkards on slopes
But then London that's another other thing
For instance, mine didn't while my country representatives were eager to criticize it.
This happens in my town too
cap (male goat)
y'all are up for adoption, too, it would seem -mother keeps the cute little Luxembourg, but not you guys
„Slovak nation, priesthood and elders of ours,
Also rip the entirety of Luxembourg
But Urpiner for me
This is why I absolutely adore RTVS in Slovakia
Would you be interested in more of our exports
s dobrými = with good plural
Simply, what western europeans call isn't multiculturalism at all.
French do be buying weird stuff aye
Does it reach above the sea level
Why are so many people surprised that there is Tesco in Slovakia
hell yeah
would be nice to juxtapose this chart to a statistics about how late you get your salary
5mil people) and even here there are huge differences between people from the capital, from the South, from the Northwest and East
That's the one with Grzegorz Bręczyszczykiewycz, right?
Large cities have different problems and levels of education than little town or villages
Christmas ain't about religion anymore
Remember to vote next year and get the cunts who voted yes out of there
I made a little video of some of the clips I filmed
I was told that majority of rural Hungary is like that
Anyway neither of us can change it really.
Everybody should drive depending on their driving skill
[Are you sure
Even though i can say only few words in hungarian, i am definitely goulash-gobbling lángos-loving paprikaphile
I'm... happy but confused
it takes you almost to B2 level
there are three decent ones on the European level, the rest range from bad to worse
Ikr that's clearly a Slovakian city
You forgot to mention the Slovakian, American, Nepalese, Cambodian, Costa Rican, Paraguian, New Zealand, Panamanian, Laotian, Thai, North Korean, Icelandic, Samoan, Czech, Chilean, Cuban and Australian interests we're also going to accommodate with our deal.
Russia has majority of people living in Europe, and has capital in Europe
Hope Gozo will not be hit hard and tourists will still come to see this wonderful island.
In my considerable experience, France is way off
I looked at the top and bottom first (CZ and PL) and I was curious about Slovakia graph but it seems like it’s not part of Europe anymore
And I find it sad
It is also used as a inter-slavic anthem, so maybe that's why
Wadi rum is like another world
For example, Bratislava’s got the ghosts of some corrupt city officials from the 17th century that made a deal with the devil - stories said they’re still haunting a building on the Green Street
Also I gotta pee
Because over here over the border, the attitude is very different
Haha they wanted to unite with Romania, no way to do that now!
Elektra and Thor are also ancient mythical names
”. I say it so often it’s one of few things my American husband knows in Slovak
That makes sense
As a young Slovak, I can sing Czech anthem because they beat us awfully lot at Football and Ice hockey
I am from a country formerly lead by communists, "intellectuals" were literally the "enemy of the state". They were being called "parasites" and sent to prisons
Or perhaps putting on auction their companies in EU.
This is true
They are not the same, the grammar is very different
Sorry for separating you
In football it’s bit different, I just choose anyone who is somehow interesting for me
It was kinda hot yesterday with 30C in my town, but today tempatures have decresed and its only 23C so that pretty chill
oil STOP
If you picked a Slovak a put him somewhere in Slovenia, if people were not taking, he wouldn't know he is in a different country
Why should i be worried as Slovak
Long time ago, I already concluded green mankini and banks with potassium salt would be a goldmine in the center of Nur-Sultan or Almaty
Most of the older people won't, since it was rare for anyone to learn English before the revolution (everyone had to learn Russian as their first foreign language back then).
The regions suffered from depopulation, decline of industry formerly run by the aristocracy and finally, after the fall of the former regime, lack of job opportunities
[The Slovakian State Veterinary and Food Administration disagrees with you]
But avocado, garlic, pepper, cheese and can survive small tomatoes too
Fucking Hungary is more tolerant than us
Also it will help economics of all these countries.
I am subscribed to 2 newspapers, 1 weekly, half a dozen podcasts, and arguably more engaged than an average Slovak voter
They were loaded
A fly is sitting on the wall - Śedzi mucha na sceňe (in a dialect)
Or Hungarians and other Hungarians
Urbanization is still ongoing and doesn't look like it will stop anytime soon.
Can relate
Canadian
IMHO it's the way to make both groups happy to allow restaurant owners to have a separated smoking area max the size of the non smoking area
Is it
Or meat with a lot of fat(mainly pork)
I am totaly pro Taiwan
>Tamnica naroda
and personally i would never buy car made by africa.
I love the sound of romance languages as french, spanish or romanian because it sounds softer more melodic to me
London is so good when it comes to a top cuisine
It is actually a great beer, at least i like it
they might be seen as american
Are they protesting for or against democratic elections
It depends on school, in primary school each class had a locker room for jacket, shoes, but not for books
like current history school books
It was another meme
You should have know by now I'm from Slovakia, Bilbo.
Like our political situation is a mess, but we at least don’t do stuff that worries the rest of the EU so that’s a win
gas STOP
[Bald] explain
That is why we do not understand polish that easy because their vocab is much different and grammar as well - but still it is very easy to learn if we are exposed to it
Finally, a politician who wasn't afraid to address the elephant in the room
Wow, Slovakia only has 13%, how can you care that little?!
Good to know at least one country in Europe is safe from Jihadist attacks!
Because those countries have relatively small and new muslim communities.
- Small town girl's personal story of leaving Slovakia to first move to Prague, then to France, USA to end up in Shanghai, China.
Does Nigel have a dog
Ignác, Bonifác, pretty much everything ending on ác. Fucking awful
English was very hard for me when I started with it (around the age of 8) up to maybe age of 16-17
I walked old town in 30 minutes and there was nothing opened only one caffé. Then I wanted souvenir so I must go to the shopping center for one souvenir
Most countries are not united in their values and traditions
Then it went down again till the current state.
This can be triple the fun in central europe because
Just a few
I'm... happy but confused
Šťastné a veselé od Slovákov
We called it čik-čik (pronounced chick-chick, very quickly), I always thought it means the sound of locking yourself.
Wales got more per mile, Belgium more per Kilometer, but Slovakia has most per capita
This is the way
We exist
I've seen public toilet attendants less frustrated with their job
Funny thing
It's like keychains, pens, notebooks, plastic coins for a cart
Salon is not as bad as Breitbart
I am extremely confused about how adamant you are about the differences you perceive
same with Belgrade
Do you come across disliking Germany a lot?
V4 worked okay in the 90ties in its original purpose, ie as a mini EU for some countries that were about to join the union in 2004.
The bus can swim
The channel doesn't own the recording
I asked my family and they said mountain air as well, but also mentioned the smell of sheep or cattle
Lol, nope never
I should have not watched that
Although children today call a kite "drak" too, since most of them look like one and the word šarkan is becoming (if it's not already) archaic, because it's too specific and foreign sounding
Putting up with Putin is certainly not for teetotallers
Greece and Italy can't take them, they've got enough problems as it is
Edit : also, the town my mother lives in will implement the 'parking fee per each registered car per address' thing soon
Here in Slovakia main reason is definitely Roman-Catholic church, which is heavily campaigning against anything related to gays.
Honestly, we still have 2 months before us and last 30 days are most important.
The english language differences are more like accents
I hope not
Eastern germany
Yes, but only if those countries have common goal.
also they're producing crisps, can't imagine they're making tens of millions out of them
And I presume that again more than 80% of that budget will go to Western Europe.
The whole Sofia is just one street with a few bars and commieblocks
Outside of that, really cool city
It’s shame that it always ends with WW2 and 50s and the rest is just quickly said
Ts, I dont remember even having the later option (I thought I had it few times but found out I was wrong later on) and I participated at every election since fall of dictatorship.
Well you were neighbours for a loong time
At least our caves are included
I jsut cant tell how is any of this EUs fault neither how to solve this, can you elaborate?
The wall just got 10 ft higher.
or at least one that includes zinc, salycile acid, nettle extract
I also believe this is part of a reason why czechs are more liberal about all of those topics mentioned than the rest of post-communist countries (I've read about for instance that a lot of people left Slovakia for CZ because of it's more gay friendly attitude).
But in Slovakia, especially in Bratislava, it's easy to just go to Austria and buy cheaper, higher quality products.
Those christian holidays should be scrapped imo
If something happens to the market or a cheaper equally skilled country arises as a competitor for the current plants, the existing manufacturies will be inevitably moved, crushing the economy.
I just wanted to point out indirectly that we, too, have a history of holocaust to offer to dark tourists
Crusoe
It is quite logical for your safety.
Mám to v piči/I have it in my cunt
If you par in Euro, you pay 4 euro (\~105 crowns)
Lol, “only” 5k...
If they pay taxes here, they should definitely have the right to vote regardless of whether they are EU/EEA citizen or even someone outside of the EU/EEA
I do not follow politics that do not affect me and am not currently interested in following their situation
Visit again
I think culturally we are very similar.)
Strongly advise you to avoid Paris though.
you need asymmetric crypto to securly encrypt your web traffic
Power rangers
From someone in this thread [
It has no problem if Westminister approves it.
It was all about how good comrade Jilsin has a great garden and shit like that.
Slovak (I am Slovak)
Edit : also, the town my mother lives in will implement the 'parking fee per each registered car per address' thing soon
I regardless agree that it's problematic and unethical though.
You should actually wash your hands before going to the bathroom so as to not spread bacteria off your hands onto your private parts.
or didnt believe her because she was drunk etc
I have also been to Montenegro, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech R., Poland, The Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Spain, UK and Greece.
But you have to explicitly ask for tap water, if you ask for just “water” they are allowed to sell you bottled water
Isn't Flanders Fields Canadian
Oh wow, you win
Here is 1 opinion backed by huge majority of people.
But my permanent residence was still there, because I was only renting a place
German: Kurve (curve)
Well, fortunatelly Hollande wont be around for very long as president.
>I personally value freedom Android system gives me
In Slovakia a lot of them got removed (those of Soviet politicians), and streets and schools got renamed
Watch out, we have a badass over here (with nukes
I was a dumb 11 year old, no clue why I created that binary in my head
I'm actually really suprised by that
Poland, Hungary, and partially you guys, have lost the independence of media which has lead to highly corrupted governments with authoritarian tendencies (primarily in Poland and Hungary), while Slovakia goes through a rebirth of liberal democracy and civic society started by a heinous murder Jan Kuciak
Most of our Jewish friends and other families left to America.
I still remember when there was a meeting about erasing part of the Greek debt.
Bratislava castle or Bojnice castle
Logic
If you par in Euro, you pay 4 euro (\~105 crowns)
I also understand that Blizzard has the right to distance themselves from politics and I wouldn't mind if they issue some warning towards the player and make a statement in which they distance themselves from his act or even fine him a bit (deduct some part of prize money in that tournament), but what they did is simply too much
I can see this as a background for one of those motivational posters for International Flavors & Fragrances
Top 4 foreibger workers in Austria
I am proud to be a Slovak
Sorry, I just haven't had experience with it
Excellent little joke he loves to tell during lunch in dining room
I remember failing in behaving the correct way in Austria for couple of seconds before I realized "oh, this is what's happening
Maybe I was too specific when I brought up construction workers, because Bulgarian constants are applicable virtually in every field of human activity, like school science projects, when you've accurately measured several related physical quantities, yet somehow they do not fit the formula you are expected to prove; accounting (everyone's favourite), macroeconomical analyses, general statistics
I usually go by UN languages
Mostly jokes based on stereotypes, stealing, cheating on ones wife and politics (but that one is synonymous to stealing)
we need to talk more about the hunk of a ~~doctor
Always seen austrians as those wise, rich, ontellectuals over there and hungarians as nationalists who stamped all over us
We feel no pressure here in Slovakia.
[Right to jail]
Whats with the decimals
When IRA was hitting UK with bomb attacks was it because of multiculturalism?
Because Hitler said so
Scottish
. .
"Having no other relevant policy except immigration" is enough in this political climate to potentially secure presidency.
It was only a joke in an old local sitcom as far as I know
Grenadiermarsch, colloquially known as "granatír". Although I wouldn't say it's a popular food, because I am certainly not the only one who hates it with passion, but it's very frequently served in school cafeterias, hospitals and other public facilities
We belonged to Hungarians for around 1000 years...
Are these people really so naive ?
I do understand you are Estonian and your media are probably showing russian tanks on your borders every day, but seriously you think threat is real?
In Slovakia most people would say Hungary only based on Hungary should be the answer.
True, but none of these ethnicities had to face slogans like "tot nem ember" (slovak is not a human) and actions associated with it.
Let's make a West Slavic federation and have the capital be Wroclaw/Vratislav, as it was an important town both to the Czechs and the Poles a long time ago
It's a bit obvious to see Czechoslovakia mentioned more often considering that the split was relatively very recent and that the term Czechia is ridiculously young as well.
I really do
But if I took a short stroll to the city center, knocked on someone's door and asked them to let me in their basement, I could touch bricks from 13th century in some of the houses.
Assuming there are only two individuals, or two major political parties/coalitions
Sorry, I'm bitter
When growing up, I mostly watched Hungarian TV, but now I prefer Slovak channels (since our news are let's say
Well, last time most of the people cared was like 20 years ago and they did not check afterwards :D
I didn't even know fight against them was sanctioned by the Pope
Similarly, if you say something and don't want to jinx it, it's also quite common to say (usually beforehand) "I don't want to paint devil on the wall" (in Slovak it's not devil but "čert", devil is probably the closest translation)
Don’t use taxis, especially the ones that park near main station and wait for customers
How the hell did we let another post-socialist country get past us in this?
It will sound stupid to you at first.
And all he said is that he didn't do anything wrong
bring back latin
When I asked how to they deal with inspection they told me they know every inspector on first name basis.
* *panic predators*
Imo, Horkýže Slíže - Váňa z Vorkuty ; Gleb - Motorest
/r/hoi4
There aren't many things I'm personally divided about and cant quite figure out if they really suck or are kind of cool
I actually really like Arabic female names
Based Czechia (Bohemia/Moravia/Czech Silesia)
Hahahahaha I wish
There really isn't an option for that in English
It's even a tier-2 pun, because a more expressive way to put a scam or subversion in Slovak is "Podjeb" which derives from "jebať", which in fact is the f-word
Edit
"pracuje to ako švajčiarske hodinky" - it works like swiss watch (when something works flawlessly)
But if you use the Bratislava dialect "sedlák"  it has the implicit derogatory meaning of redneck or someone who doesn't live in the "big city".
OR the couple of humans that you have to return to earth?
We have a few:
Not really, pretty much every language has its own word for "now".
Primaries are not opened only to registered party sympathizers, as in case of US, but to literally everyone.
Bayernhund das öder die flipperward Gerspruth
Slnko = Sun (neutral)
Czechia and Slovakia is no surprise to me (I am Slovak)
Afaik, it's just some south-east Asian countries which prohibit them
When Chromik referendum failed so epically...yeah, that was a good day.
baby (girls/grandmas)
We have some pretty great minority laws, which guarantee them the same status as Slovak in towns where the majority population is Hungarian or etc, so they can have official communication/schools and such in their language
though free wifi is quite common in Slovakia and the Czech Republic..
Except Vermont
You are not guilty of their shit.
But don't you worry, I'll reprimand her for you the next time I see her
Besides, what they took is nothing compared to the lasting damage USSR did after turning my country into a de facto colony
Question to Dutch: is this just an effort not to give Wilders political points days before the election, or do you think it'd be same if it was, say, a week after the election?
I really like living here
With people we see reguraly we usually greet each other without physical contact
Is there more
Fuck them, fucking idiots
A good friend of mine moved from Slovakia when she was 9 and Dutch has always been hard on her.
Everything after that to 1918 is meh
> Gun owners, at least in the Czech republic, are often better trained than the police
Wdym ? why would europe hate him
Woah, I went there for badely a week and I've heard more honking than in a year in Slovakia
Everything is very convenient in terms of dental care here
Possession of cold weapons (pepper spray, knife, baton, boxer, gas pistol etc
You could also divide us on the religious line, Belarusians and Ukrainians being Orthodox, while Central European countries are either predominantly Catholic or have a strong Catholic presence.
Highways ftom Germany
Poland's at it again
Poland, Czechia, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Romania, Bulgaria.
Good luck for everyone 30>
hey look, a brexit voter taking back his country
I have it on hook
Imagine being a kind and growing up in a really poor place with a different hierarchy and even caste system
**eu**, **un** **haiduc**
So she would have to pay for two cars' parking even though I'm not even there (we both own cars)
Our former parliament speaker denied we have capitalism in Slovakia
Austria, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Poland.
It got dormant the last ca 10 years, mostly thanks to EU membership and good economic prosperity of Slovakia.
Even if anything is good, many people bitch about it not happening sooner
I do indeed, one of the best channels for this type of content
Also Tesco (with very long tradition), Billa, needless to say LIDL, and there were also Carrefour, Hypernova and even Marks & Spencer
As long as Norway is in NATO, its NATO who controls Norwegian sea and whole access of Russian artic fleet to literally anywhere.
Slovak government is just one big circus
Not a country but, instead of **Venice**/**Venezia**, we say ***Benátky***. I'm from Slovakia and the same goes with Czech language
they weren´t hungarian
interesting fact: after inventing glagolic and translating Bible to it, this old Slavonic was accepted as the fourth liturgical language,
weekly news mostly "orange man did bad thing" or "someone died because of guns"
Hi, my name is John
The guy was trying to make it sound like Aube has no immigrants while in reality it has more than most departments.
I admire Germany's total acceptance and owning up to this part of their history, something that I think other countries (cough cough Turkey cough cough Japan) have yet to do, and I think the next step now is slowly moving on, because *other* German history shows proof of how much else there is to learn from and be proud of.
The same happened to Štúrovo/Esztreszgom
TIL: Slovakia is not part of europe
I’m sorry if this is a stupid question, but is Trump going to be the only republican candidate
I remember that temps over 33 were unusual
On Earth you already have all equipment and potentially high competition.
I meant that I would probably say "Police exist*s* to maintain law and order
I was under the impression Czech president doesn't have that much power.
it is not, my native language is taught only on Memrise
Volkswagen, KIA, Peugeot Citroen and Jaguar Land Rover
Before fiber it was 20 for 7/1
Those tend to be more authentic
So I would say exposure to the language helped a lot
Advice on best mountain towns to visit in Slovakia?
>Jel si razumeo foru
Le Pen has been pre-Brexit polling at around 27 and now she is polling at about 27.
It's "hvala", from Ljubljana to Vranje
Its a huge contrast, especially if you are used to barely see your server in most of the Europe
What are the differences between them
Otherwise this must have been fun
You can be a jew and disagree with some Israeli dealing.
Just look at the front page, just now there is one article about a half of Lithuanian refugees leaving for Germany.
it is not, my native language is taught only on Memrise
In Slovak, we do have equivalents of words "some/any" and "this/that/these/those" which are sometimes used in place of your indefinite and definite articles, respectivelly, but usually (I'd guess 70 to 80% of times), there's just no equivalent word there
Was there a new state law or is it a effort from the city officials or something else
I associated more "zavináč" with this
It’s only nationalism that drives a deep divide between us in my opinion
Regarding photographer Ladislav Bielik - the world didn't really know who made the picture as it was distributed anonymously
Kodaň - Copenhagen
Many today think that idea of just lettibg it go and forgiving crimes of party members was the greatest failure of revolution.
Stay strong Nederland
I don't, kids might for whatever reason.
And lof of potential for the gangs
Well, you can
I prefer the one which is edited so it looks like she is trying to swallow a fish.
I always check foreign lanuage statistics and your numbers are skewed with mandatory Swedish.
Try counting most of them as Ottoman Empire citizens and you'll get better results!
*slow clap*
Also holidays season and comfort food and cakes
It's portion control, my diet past two months was pizza, burger and fries and I still lost weight because I was under 2k calories
But me and my friends wanted to know more about Finland winter war
I mean media using these words is the same meaning as Camps in Poland
Its just overblown here in Reddit
What is this map suppose to be showing?
eeerh
And my personal favourite since my childhood: [Kristina - Horehronie] she sings about the central region in Slovakia and defines the typical slovak landscape and nature
But to be fair no one really likes drunk noisy violent British tourists
I know about alabama and new york and texas, and florida maan ... and sydney
Our language started as Proto-Slavic common with other Slavic nations
Maybe you should try our strategy - raise their social benefits to the level so they have no reason to go begging abroad.
Which is a huge bonus
After establishment of Slovak Republic some Hungarian parties had in program autonomy of the south Slovakia.
It's a purely Catholic holiday celebrating the patron saint of Slovakia
It is still perfectly fine to remember, commemorate and seek to preserve the remaining Hungarian groups in i.e.
V4 is only Poland, Czechia, Slovakia and Hungary!
- Za Ľudí: basically liberal (center maybe
How many serbians live in switzerland
Wait when did that happen
In other news, water is still wet.
Berlin seamed nice
For instance everything in Slovakia is všetko, je was saying šecko
Lóve
And as it was pointed out
History of being hostile towards pretty much anyone I guess
But still what do I love eat with duck is this:
I also unironically like Ellinoora
And Czechia
The part of Slovakia where I live it’s mostly ghost sightings, which is a pretty popular subject throughout the country
But if you use the Bratislava dialect "sedlák"  it has the implicit derogatory meaning of redneck or someone who doesn't live in the "big city".
[#blameNL]
But I mean, take into consideration [average salary] when comparing prices
A mix between Roman-influenced Meditterean, Arab influece and eastern christianity.
And I would change Slovenia to Notslovakia, that way no one will confuse us anymore
We went through that shit with Vladimir Meciar in 90ies
It fels like a fake city
simply beautiful
Or, actually, there are [two] These guys just took the chords of Amerika and sing along names of all places in Slovakia, which they find to be shitholes
Not taking off your shoes when you get home or for visit
Without apple, google would go all the way to screw the consumer
Oh how I love Greece
The great divides of wealth are only a thing in some Eastern European countries.
The shop on main street
We do not have any data on that yet, therefore it is a risk with life of children that is subject of this experiment.
In versions from Slovakia he had informal style with a lot of mistakes, mainly when he was writing letters
The people have chosen
Lmao adding the photo of the pandas is an interesting touch if I say so myself
Faith in humanity restored
I will not take the time to go point by point, simply because this whole thing is seemingly highly subjective, and it makes no sense to try to persuade you that your own experience is invalid, when it is clearly not
americans dont seem to have problem dragging us through their oil conflicts
Not copyright striked
Yes we visit both countries regularly.
it was kicked out by this excellent piece of journalism.
We did not return because of costs, not because of lack of technology.
Armies of EU countries and Russia are both strong enough to deter each other - all you need is determination to send your fellow citizens to die in a long and bloody conflict that may result into a nuclear winter.
Canada has always been good in this kind of rankings.
Google tells me that for slovak and czech it is derived from the english word of "fashion".
The fact that we split from Czechia a **long** time ago
I'm sorry, but until this day, I thought Nicosia was the capital, and also the only city I knew
One time I went from Kosice to Bratislava to visit my cousin, it is 400km, took me 8h. Terrible experience
What about those celebrities mocking trump in their shows
or slovak
You realize how much money that sum is?
I never want to visit that place again
Czech Republic and Hungary mostly
>I wouldn't speak in a dialect in public
You forgot it is not about gays but about children.
Anyway, studying withing regular length is completely free
Big peepee
50/50 it would have been Economically very beneficial for both Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia especially during the first years after the "empire" collapsed, Czechoslovakia lost most of its consumers and all German and Austrian companies boycotted trading with Czechoslovakia.
So we are still poor as before no improvement whatsoever.
[Interestingly Slovakia had the lowest turnout in the European Parliament elections.]
I think you now have a brief idea
All of them will look around to find a new "strong" leader.
We are producing a lot of cars
Do you live ever in Slovakia and Czechia?
... also I dunno anybody else tbhh except maybe that Sula guy
I spoke to a guy who drove in an ambulance during heavy Gaza bombing and even if I support the fact those countries should just stop their shit altogether, I see why many people sympathies went to oppressed 20% muslim 'minority'.
If tax and labour code remains unchaged, they wont.
For example Bilbo Baggins was translated in the first Slovak version of The Hobbit as Bilbo Lazník (lazy is the name for very small villages in mountains with scattered houses in certain parts of Slovakia), and in the second translation his surname was changed to Bublík (really can't find the connection between Bublík and Baggins, since Bublík sounds like something related to bubbles or some shit)
I'd definitely cut either Austria and/or Slovakia in favor of adding days to Slovenia and Croatia.
Or southern part
2019 about 50-50 because of people from Bratislava moving in and a lot of young people blurring the line between ethnicities, speaking both languages
GOod -10C this morning
Better than usual
We would use *polmesiac* for crescent, as in half moon
but I fly when my vacation is limited to one large city (i.e., London or Paris or Barcelona).
Usually the dog wants to play and a cat does not.
Maybe because they're owned by the same company
But what I really worry about is how the fuck he got into the power
Hard to estimate how much emissions are released in order to produce those turbines.
1 billion, possibly how
No, I don't think I will
Why would you bother sitting if you get off after 2-3 stops
Oh boy, did Dungeon and Dragons went too far?
But again, so many things have changed over the last 10 years that I feel much more at home
Looks like russian purges that killed or chased off all old guard from 2014 war.
russia now looks even more gigantic
Low corporate tax rates are already standard pretty much everywhere.
And thats a plus
And do you know why does US have so many skyscrapers
Those damn magyars couldn't just leave huh
Not at all, Mr
In Eastern Europe, you see a lot of them
ah, pich accent, he will do lot of problems during time i will learn swedish xD
> but I think that 'correct' pronunciation in English is with s, so I usually go with that
It aint about ventilation much, but more about separation.
jar (spring)
Austria
Then need to pick up something non European as Japanese or Swahlili
I never really forget about countries
90% of the time when I say that I'm from Slovakia the immediate response is "ah, czechoslovakia
That's not very Anglish ;D More like Italian
Both countries are great powers/US obviously superpower.
So need to finish my French
I hope it won't happen, Maltese coins are great
And you think Western and Southern European middle-class workers are happy with this?
Mines not weak, but I prefer not to build it up through my penis.
Poland is not a nordic country
Usually a see a sign in Polish Hungarian and Czech and I am like oh we crossed
The fact is that the government is doing minimum for sports and it doesn’t really make sense to do more than that
Then add working for 8 hours on a good day with often occurring overtimes and 2 hours spent commuting, so you have at most some 14 hours left for sleep, shopping and taking your kids to and from a daycare, that is if there is some daycare available in your area.
Not those you mentioned but far-right politics are at rise
Poor knowledge of country names or geography by some people should not be a reason for refusing a particular country name.
[This one] is my favourite one - it means - be aware, there are slaves on the road
We got our freedom, we got our first country we lived nice and happily, then were betrayed and given to nazis, then became East part of the wall then got some Russian tanks, then the regime fell, that caused lot of corruption in 90 because of the leftovers of the commie power greedily took the money
It's naive to think that the side which is being screwed will be willing to keep the free trade going.
They  said it was low effort :(
Yes yes, it's a very military-grade dish
The second is, that Eastern Europeans see the USA as a country that managed to economically snap the Soviet Unions neck
I knew I would find this here
"fajčiť ako turek" - to smoke like a turkish man (when someone smokes too much)
In usual discussions about comparing Slovak and Czech economy and how Slovakia is catching up with Czechia it always included currency comparison
He ran for president last year, finished 3rd, in [pub]
Outside the major cities, you will get death threats, even a physical beating if you say something pro-EU.
And yep I am a woman too
Sometimes it's both
Yet, Slovakia was the most industrial part of the Hungarian part of the monarchy.
For Slovakia it would be some mining town probably
Beautiful beaches, great people and the Old Town and one dollar tortillas
Aw fuck here we go again
I would prolly kill myself if I were in France
if we'd cut Bulgaria, Romania, Lithuania, Latvia and Slovakia out of the EU we'd actually have pretty much the same disparity US does..
Why are they assuming the Balkan countries, Baltic countries, Czech republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, Cyprus or Ireland would not side with the rest of the EU?
This but unironically
Isnt France projecting some warships in that area of operations precisely to counter Erdogan
Yes, also most of the Slovaks have their accent in czech even though they live there for many years and were exposed to language since childhood
And I also find myself translating words from English to Slovak a lot - I know what the English word means but I have no idea how it’s said in Slovak
Nothing has changed, Western Europe is as racist as it always was.
No matter whose ass is in the chair, their country is split down the middle by two sides that seem to absolutely hate each other and consider the other side as a bunch of morons
This is kinda sad
In my times (about 5 years ago) it was about 1
America also doesnt have their ethnicity you are American, but at the same time Chinese or Arab American.
Sometimes I just voted for the lesser evil but there were times when I really believed in a party, even if they maybe didn’t win
Why would it
Stuttgart
**And then Soviets won** *(actual spoiler part of this sentence)*." This is how spoilers work I believe
Its all very superficial
It can handle the sounds better than any other
Hungarian, Russian, Ukrainian and Romani are the languages used primarily by the people belonging to one of the main minority groups (Hungarian is the most dominant out of these)
They rightfully deserve their own state
Algeria or Vietnam to Transylvania or Slovakia.
However, the regime knew
But there are also French, German, Italian and even British people in here.
The bridge, the castle and the squares
We should ban all americans from entering Europe just in case someone like that would slip by.
Also so true about being talkative
The Line
Sherpas
He is still the corrupt narcissistic opportunist like Duda, but at least he is not as big on LGBT suppression nor on abortion bans
Mutta äitiiii
I believe we share it with the Czechs :)
Also I won't eat anything else from chicken besides breasts
There is much more than 3 million Turkish speakers in Western Europe.
AH, objective and scientifically-backed assessment, thanks for your wise, unbiased contribution
Its independent now and it isnt changing.
thought Japan would be
Than question would be what is better in France than anywhere else in the world
I ask the same thing whenever people post Turkey here, at least in Norilsk majority of citizens are European, Turks have nothing to do with Europe except for tiny stolen land
[The legendary one]
I believe it's inconclusive
Yea sadly there is 0 talk about this here
And it's obvious how certain programmes or papers influence her opinion negatively
[Arkady "Torula" Babchenko
By that logic a fucking crisp is a biscuit isn't IS THAT WHAT YOIU WANT CHAOS AND ANARCHY
18C
With a passion
Edit: they are not, apparently it's some shared caves with hungary
Czech, it’s so similar even a toddler in Slovakia can speak Czech
Tbh, we already got EU-passports
you are the small one until you grow into young one
Shame on you UNESCO, you did us dirty
Without their own system it will be basically just overpriced China.
It takes longer to drive from Seattle to Miami, than it does to drive from Portugal to Tallinn, Estonia.........dip your toe in the water, then drive to Warsaw.
Those are politicians sentenced for crimes of sedition and/or embezzlement
He is politician for quite some time
Pekní/pekný
I can't even say how disgusted I am.
The ones in power see they couldn't stop up, now they try to scare us
Hopefuly he goes to jail soon
At one point, I could recite the Revelation of St
In slovak: “čučoriedka” and “kôstka” (blueberry, bone)
and what do you them to work for
I knew I would find this here
As a non russian I know only two contemporary russian groups
Would you be comfortable to lower your chance be a donor of e.g. bone marrow if necessary to your grand/child
might be getting some death threats now for being a spy lmao
Fake media outlets controling weather
From outside it literally looks like some tribal wars in africa
You are in the wrong part of the world, you belong to us
Also, it seems like the gayest sport ever
Modlivka zelená - Modlit means to pray and zelená means green
"čo si maďar
Why do you give half a shit about some stupid person mixing you up with someone else?
Three of them come to mind: Slovak uprising against Hungary in 1840s (together with establishment of official Slovak language by Ľudovít Štúr and subsequent rise of Slovak national identity), the Treaty of Trianon when we finally broke from Hungarian chains and finally, official establishment of Slovak republic in 1993
And probably still better than American beer
Although according to the ECJ, marriages done within the EU should be equally recognised across the EU, doesn't matter if gay or not
The city was inhabited by germans, hungarians and slovaks in cca same numbers, plus large jewish minority.
Anything can be political under the right circumstances, even having an abortion
each in shiny armor, champs of different lands
I love that you stayed in EU, I hope it will show in the future, that it was the right move
Did you have any luck there
I'd be considering doing this the other way later this year; I'm going to be in Slovakia for some hiking, and will be spending a few days in Bratislava before my flight home - I'm now wondering whether it'll be feasible to do a day trip to see Vienna while I'm close by.
Awesome professors, interesting classes and the city itself is incredibly international
"if you answered yes to the above question, please place your application into the
PM fought for more people
That is quite interesting, because we have direct presidential elections since forever and we always managed to pick up someone okayish
German: Kurve (curve)
Yep, so many, and the British is for sure one of the worst if not the worst.
epyk
Therefore the royal capital was relocated to Bratislava.
In Slovakia during march, we are burning and drowning [Morena] , pagan goddes of  winter and death
A lot of people underestimate Slovakia but it has just a plenty of hidden gems
OP you forgot to specify in the title that it's **POLISH** death camps
21 is a gotta have a sweater and thick socks
I would hate to lose my voting rights in Slovakia
And I totally agree on food
You would see how quickly they would re-evaluate their approach to paying taxes.
Aka I use them in my thirties, especially for going down because I have iffy knees
Media in 2016 fucked up big time.
Slovaks come from Slovakia, Czechs come from Czechia.
Damn true
It's literally just baby jesus, or rather, his form is not specified to kids
And definitely do not want to be a girl born there
According to our previous PM, "There is nothing there".
Village of the royal fishermen and fishnet makers
I was quite shocked when I first read about [Luník IX] in Slovakia.
The karma gods work in mysterious ways
Have no idea if they need more skilled workers than that or not tho
More slovaks from Orava could say more about the poles I guess
Naval forces of France and UK are best in Europe, but shade in comparision of naval forces of US, Russia or China.
(left) HMS Lajosz Kossuth
There are very few other social safety nets
Working with Germans, some of them use the word "Rechner" while in school I was taught it should be Computer
which are IMO the biggest deal of all this
Yeah, to be fair I didn't know how to translate his title in that moment
Is the airport still under construction
I just always lived how long his name was
GJ neighbors, wish our nations relationships will improve as well as your liberal views
While when watered-downed proposal was put towards Kossuth which didn't even demand territorial autonomy, he declared signatories as traitors and put arrest warrant.
After media pressure he finally made it available to public
I didn't even know that the name existed until a politician of said name Made a big scandal with the state's reserves
You may have been lucky
Both are used a lot
9 lmfao
I freaking love discussing WW2 with Germans, they are extremely self aware and knowledgeable on the subject
Same here
With people we see reguraly we usually greet each other without physical contact
At the end it may be simple economics to decide place for fuel production.
that definitely wouldn't spill over to Ukraine, nope
" which I think is a pretty appropriate reaction
Also there was a map a while ago here with most common last names in a country and in Slovakia it was Horvat, really interesting.
They are like emergency backup Lithuania
Even pays of president
Bulgarians are Slavic but yeah
Seems disingenuous to us,if you ask how I'm doing you better be prepared for a tirade about the negative impact of late stage capitalism on young adult's mental health
It's basically about how the Slovak nation will rise, while there's a thunderstorm over the Tatra mountains and how the thunder is forcing Slovaks to rise and fight to live
It's pretty much worldwide tradition
Because he refused to invite Dobald Trump to speak at House of Commons?
Or any other innocent bystander
“haha you speak funny in Nitra, you use ‘pri’ where you shouldn’t, don’t you
And a bit with Korea, but I feel like thats a German territory there, before they got the east Germany back
PiS is holding up in polls so it's likely they won't be defeated in the next election.
Carnival float in Düsseldorf, caricature in Der Spiegel...
EU was never consulted on things like Turkish military crossing syrian border in support of rebel groups from which some are rubbing shoulders with AQ.
I don't think anyone could foresee Britain's exit back before the rise of UKIP in 2012/13.
Spain is trying to have close relations with all of spanish speaking Americas, but there are many differences and Spain is not as close to any former colony as UK with US and i don t think Mexico is even among best friends in Americas for Spain.
They have even not managed to achieve infamy, like Moldova for being objectively the poorest or Albania for their human and drug trafficking
The last census where we've had this option was in 1993 and 0 people claimed it
Are there any Ukrainian or Rusyn surnames that I'm unaware of
This is at least funny unlike the statues or whatever they are called
Never visited the others but man, the palace in Split is amazing
He was imprisoned when younger for extremism, but somehow people still vote for him
It was more or less standard monarchy with similar development as any other monarchy in Europe
Anyway, the council is the most important institution and a unification of 4 countries would effectively remove 3 voters from the council.
Unless we are cooking dinner at friends house, I don't think I would feel comfortable snooping in someone fridge, anywhere in the world
It doesn't matter, I have eaten them in bread rolls, regular white bread and even in toast, lol
Yeah, slovakia is beautiful
Perhaps the employers have a reason for that?
These posts always seem slimy to me
Yes we learn about most if not all countries we have been part of.
I mean seriously, at this point this can't be a coincidence
Youth doesnt have that issue as for them its terra incognita.
Looks like a good thing
Non-Slavic people usually think it's Russian
The "czar's" soldiers defend him, and cut down all the youths, but only at a great cost
There is low tatras, then Slovenský raj, Karpaty, mala fatra velka Fatra
This is false
> have you forgotten that they took part in carving up your country after Munich
I mean they are planting new trees but it’s a long time process and as a result the cities are incredibly hot during summer since there is literally no shadow whatsoever
šukať is slovak
I have actually heard that Czechs don't do that
That is problem with majority of EU institutions, like Schengen eg.
Not about breweries
Displaying Ocalan pic is not illegal under Belgian law.
And then the nordid sounding names as Einar, Jengwar
Neo-nazis chanting for the EU flag to be burned.
Correct way in our language: Roman-Germanic Empire / Rímsko-nemecká ríša (Without the Holy/Svätá!)
Raised as fir tree, hard as stone,
I guess if you love malls and really expensive alcohol
you could do whole documentary series about it ! it's impossible to estimate exactly what's stupidest they said xD
isn't Váňa z Vorkuty in Russian
Hopefully next census the level of RKC members falls below that magial 50 percent.
If I am not mistaken, Portugal offers to free you of ALL taxes for 10 years if you decide to retire here.
Sometimes never
Best solution, it's mobile and can be easily rebuild or extended.
Esztergom is a beautiful town
Nice to see Peter Sagan there for Slovakia
However I would do it for Chipotle
Thats the big difference
What are you talking about
And you can try Bratislava, but I get kind of a tourist trap feel from them.
2018 - More like a controlled PM swap from Fico to Pellegrini
We have tonnes of these guys in the country
You can drink your own, but definitely at some point someone will pour you something else from those bottles there
I can never get over that little chunk of Russia just hanging out there surrounded by Poland and Lithuania
There are still people who try to pretend EU done nothing and I wish I cold punch them, because we are better than ever
All right, now be a brave person and do the same joke with a mosque in  **Riyadh
I’d remarry you any time
As a perspective vassals of China, we might
And gloves
Communists liked hanging, last execution took place in Bratislava in 1989
there are stereotypes of Slovakia?
I envy your parking infrastructure sometimes
The huge break happened when I started with online gaming and watching English series (subtitled tho) around 15-17
I was surprised to learn it too
To me it was always unavailable
Well sorry to tell you, I been.
Our former parliament speaker denied we have capitalism in Slovakia
Virtually everyone can understand it and I'd say 75% of the population could hold a conversation on any topic
So I vote, and hope that’ll change
There are exceptions; Hungarian minority have schools that are bi-lingual, some courses in Hungarian, some in Slovak
And yes I know Brumbal is also some thing as Dumbledore, so not a bad job
I would also like to thank you for sharing your perspective, and wish you best of luck
Or french combo
Every word on this map translates to something different
**Article 1:**
There is a pack of cigarettes (Camel I believe) that are €2 in slovakia
meanwhile France has real economic sanctions against Russia to make life of the average russian more shit
Is it a4 avant, a6 avant or skoda superb combi
I tried to buy fresh salmon in Michalovce few days before Christmas to cook it, but apparently that is nearly impossible (Lidl ended up having some, actually).
It's like Irish and English, but far more different) and incredibly catchy song
Because those people act like everything belongs to them
It does sound nice, though it would also be nice to have Kirchensteuer and separation of the church and the state
Hlava, ramená, kolená, palce
Well, Slovaks and Czechs understand each other without any major difficulties
And they had become such a puppy that I don't see any aggression coming from the ever again
Checks and balances work well, the 2 party system is the problem
or pl
There are ads and there are fucking ads.
And Košice (secont biggest city by pop
Well, run around in circles and cry.
EU exit is not serious topic anywhere here in the region as there is not any proper support for that.
Denying it only gives arguments to those who can say "see they aren't so democratic are they?".
If you move in these circles then you're extremely likely to meet a long haired man.
Most young adults have to take the final exam called 'maturitná skúška' or 'maturita' from English at the end of their secondary education and they can choose to take the final exam from B1 or B2 level
If I had to move then I would probably pick Slovakia or Austria, because I'm already familiar with the countries and I think I could fit in relatively easily.
slope (he/she/it is boozing)
Maybe some others
It was unironically very entertaining
I honestly think it would be a good idea to put up a photo cutout board in the center of Bratislava, with the scenery from the movie, and let tourists take photos (for a nickel)
I have no idea how they came up with these results.
“This is Michal” - I think it comes from years I worked as a customer support agent at my college’s help desk, where I’d pick up with “Colorado College Helpdesk, this is Michal”.
Also if you look for cities like Amsterdam/Rotterdam.
Defected the army
But let's not pretend that he is doing anything remotely competent
Looks like we are losing contact with countries similar to us and making more connections with countries which despise us.
Sofia is the twin city of Bratislava, lol
Feel the pain
Nothing had changed
The decision was a correct one though.
We are already started the boycott on the pitch yesterday against Cyprus with a shit performance like that
20yo M, living in the capital Bratislava
Just dont do that, enjoy your beer, food etc
Go from Scotland to NI to dublin and from there to Wales.
yes, but there should be many more dots on this map.
Perhaps a few more years and a pro-United Ireland party will be the largest in NI assembly.
Why can’t this god forsaken outbreak just end already
But instead we wait until unfinishned project blows into our asses and then act, meanwhile the trust goes dowb and Farage, Wilders, Le Pen etc ride thea wave.
If only my nickname was Caligula, talking with Turtle would be "my thing" ;)
Haha very cool
1369
You gotta stick your tongue out.
Most of the slovaks
Did the Finns then join Swedes and Teutons in anti-Novgorod campaigns?
A lot can change in the future and the public opinion can be easily swayed in either direction.
As I have said, it could happen if Russia got into a major economic crisis, otherwise is not that likely.
It would be great to have a link along the Adriatic coast all the way to Tirana and maybe further down to Greece
Well, as far as my anecdotal experience with some of the other Slavic languages goes, this chart does look pretty spot on.
But some still should wear better shoes to Tatras
Americans are definitely more expressive
Oh I perfectly fit into mine
"Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with
Seems disingenuous to us,if you ask how I'm doing you better be prepared for a tirade about the negative impact of late stage capitalism on young adult's mental health
Pretty "opressed minority / hungary bad" feeling from that text
We were Austria-Hungary until 1st world war
1948 still about 85-15
Fagot
* do (into)
A song defining slovak culture is [Citim vôňu lesa (borovička song)] ... well, borovička is a typical slovak brandy and there is no household without it + the party beat makes it a perfect party song
But I have also heard that Slovak is kind of a "Slavic Esperanto" because most slavic people can understand it clearly without knowing it
Anyway, it’s one of the most market-driven economies in the world, so my questions are: how are you finding its social side
Sure, there's plenty of space in Atlantic, especially after Britain leaves.
Many people also live in Bratislava and commute to Vienna in Austria for work
Others weren't even punished that hard, [Šano Mach] for example got only 30 years of prison and was released after general pardon of 1968
I love that song
Something obvious that people should keep in mind, also like in Portugal, Greek pensioners reforms are used not only to support them but also their family.
Only in Czechia they won
Oh surely, just because it's biscuit sized, shaped and is eaten like a biscuit means nothing since it doesn't crunch
This looks extremely like Bratislava, with a few minor differences
I am Slovak and the written Russian is extremely hard for me
He is politician for quite some time
It would have been very useful strategic economic corridor after the collapse of that "empire" when all German and Austrian companies boycotted trading with Czechoslovakia and good military connection with Yugoslavia which could have put Hitler under a bigger pressure during and after of invasion of Czechoslovakia.
Government buildings already fly them all year long
[there is nothing more Czech than a pub]
But the rest are awesome
Well, its logical they want all pros and no cons.
The rest of the Eastern bloc, not so much
And while many other countries simply say that protective equipment should be used by sick people only (since they don't have enough of them to be used by everyone), people in Czechia and Slovakia simply craft them themselves
Except for the New Year's eve nothing, but I wonder if any Norwegians have considered celebrating the 8th of May with fireworks, in undying memory of Josef Terboven's spectacular way of departure
South African (my favourite)
Way she tells it, it was so close, leaning over the sidewalk, they almost broke the glass pane with the thing
I guess you can call it an improvised military vessel
" well, 9% of all responses is "yugoslavia" - not even close
It would take only 100k german families to fully germanize us
It gave you the Oxford school name vibe
I honestly can't tell if it's a video game render or a badly over edited picture
Flipping burgers
It would taste better in Europe
To be honest Poles or Romanians are largest immigrant groups in most western EU states so they are more visible.
If they fucked up, as Bild does from time to time, and posted pic of some random dude, criminal charges would be in order.
I sometimes completely forget some word in Slovak so I just replace it with the English word, luckily everyone I know can understand English but if I were to speak with someone who doesn’t, it’d be soo hard for me to not include any English words
Yes, very common, I do it every day
Also Slovakia would kindly request Podkarpatska Rus from Ukraine
Upvote for Banská Štiavnica, it's the most beautiful town I've visited in Slovakia.
Battlefield 4 Polish Edition
It's all bullshit and rather disgusting
sorry, but again wtf
Biological nature of beings = get the healthiest and the prettiest partner to reproduce with, which works both ways not just the male->female way
One hundred years ago the exact opposite would have been an attack on the core values of society.
This is incorrect
Polish sounding ones (Czerny) from the north, close to the border with Poland
So basically the plate itself doesn't directly get hot, but it gets hot because the pan put on it gets hot?
I had lived in Helsinki as a teenager before I moved back to CE
I doubt the majority of Czechia, one of the most anti-Muslim countries in Europe, supports Kosovo.
And probably still better than American beer
How they scream that HDP members should all go to jail and cities that support them must be put under martial law, while ignoring that it was Erdogan who started talks with Abdullah Ocalan and PKK leadership in Qandil.
But then again what you expect when someone names a school Hogwarts
Aka I use them in my thirties, especially for going down because I have iffy knees
The rules are very random and you just have to memorize them
Wait a moment, so now we use revolutions that lead to end of totalitarian regime as an example for revolution that would lead to a totalitarian regime
Blue eyes swiftly roundly swiping
I loved it
You may get a valaška for that
I enjoyed it much more than Malta.
Well so far the worst they could come up with is "he fucked his teacher" and "he is secret gay".
More like Schnitzel, Langos and Bryndzove halusky
I mean I barely ever think about countries anyway but yeah
No, I don't think I will
we have nicknames allowed as first name, too
What the fuck
I constantly have to ask them to not
Everybody here just waits for what Mutti's response will be
EU is not 1 country
Oh reminds me of Slovakia in the '90, Mečiar as a strong national leader, who was could fill a stadium of cheering people during campaigns, state television run as a government propaganda channel, oppositions or everybody with any objections were national traitors and sell outs to the west, international critique and concerns were presented as an attack on our statehood and after we were left out from the talks to join the EU and NATO, he said we will focus to the east (russia)
Having said that, i dont understand how is this all communism related
The Czech president and Slovak prime minister are against receiving any immigrants and are very anti muslim
Berlin: also boars, hedgehogs and racoons..
He was finally internationally recognized as the author of the picture after the fall of communist regime
The fact they have highest subsidies relative to GDP and that try to earn on Putin just means that they're trying to improve their wellbeing.
That's unfortunate, but the law is the law.
Few weeks back with couple turkish guys who were travelling across Europe and made a stop in my country as well.
May is resorting to childish behavior, it's the worst think that could have happened to the UK at this point.
And Norway ended up a lot richer, safer and more prosperous than Sweden
After finishing my Master's degree 3 years ago,  I moved back with my mother to her apartment and started saving up for a house
Most Westerners in my experience consider it to be Eastern.
Well we drink on every occasion possible, birthday, holiday, wedding, funeral, family meeting, friends meeting, meeting new people, celebrating Friday, being in bad mood, being in good mood, just to get drunk, getting a new job, loosing a job, getting a paycheck, drinking with last money etc
hate (weirs)
Especially Americans tend to butcher our language in ways we have absolutely zero idea what they’re saying
excuse me but between me and my bf it's him using a shit ton of tp, so yeah but also no
Mask matching his underwear
Nope
Yes, but only occasionally
They're not much less delusional from your average Russ.
There is no big language barrier.
And their mere presence and strict adherence to rules (German command would obviously be required :-)) would deter migrants to even try this migration route.
I didnt know you have own writing system until now
Ok, you can just stop flexing, ok
The explanation for this is most likely that cocoa is expensive and good quality chocolate is seen as luxurious product and countries with good economics can afford it
Mám to u riti/I have it by my ass
To be insufferably pedantic, not bulgarians but bulgars
Next year are elections (unfortunately for them) so hopefully we will cleanse that sewer
Yea, sorry
Czech president Milos Zeman is also famous to smoke in non-smoking environments
Russia is a tourist destination tho
Bild, which is not the most reliable source, just scoured facebook and posted picture of one guy they thought its him.
Well I lived in Birmingham, thry invented a lot of local mixed cuisine
Why would it be scary
The shithole part was him making fun of that time when some guy on tv called you like that, and the whole Europe came to rescue to tell they are stupid for saying that
So you put Kosovo on the map, but Crim is still under Ukraine
'Sedláci' or 'sedlač'.
There aren't that many customers in them though
Not at all my friend, those were different times
>Shark finning has been banned in European vessels and waters since 2003
We have one too, organized by a state company but i dont know anyone who cares about it (or even knows about it)
no one gives slovakia enough love
and I'm disappointed you don't wanna merge with us
Rakúsko-Uhorsko
Honorary Scottish
Saving your comment, I love underground/unpopular bands
There have been cases when other countries had objections and the coins [had to be altered] or [not issued at all]
For those too lazy to read wikipedia: Norwegian nazi who blew himself up with 50kg of dynamite
Ah, the nostalgia
Also it didn't help when magyarization laws were implemented in 19th century which shrinked it even further, but it also empowered independance movements
Some maybe, but most probably consider themselves Americans.
Or written by Canadian, to be precise
They are pretty mainstream
Also yea, why is Czech republic full of hugest mountains
And i honestly thought nothing worse could happen to innocent people this year
And it worked to some degree
Because for example over here, president stops those ridiculous proposals etc
yes I do, three of them each time, a friend of mine call it "the holy trinity"
Prosím(Please) - is the most common
* had (snake)
Le Pen has serious financial connections with Russia and oligarchs, she wants reintroduction of capital punishment, full militarization of society, complete break-up of EU.
Or meat with a lot of fat(mainly pork)
Idk we got neo nazis in the goverment soooo
Also could never ever barge on him doing his business
Peacock in Slovak language is "páv"
You seriously think it would be real to hire people to watch every fucking video uploaded
People have higher chance to die or suffer complications from treatable diseases
There are more Ukrainians in Czechia than Slovaks?
I'm pretty sure it doesn't work like that.
Outside of the amount of election periods to finish the highway from Bratislava to Košice, I can't think of any
There is oversight and review
* exists
It totally is
Very often you see in the news that Macron says this or Macron says that
It seems Slovaks would be in charge this time though, considering Babiš and all that jazz
Full agree on the chinese one ....i think that Russia wants to ide this vaccine as showing "the west" how cutting edge they are , so i think IT will be good ...(like i heard that Moderna or Astra not sure, Has pretty Bad side effects but is allowed ) so i think that its mainly the extremly rusophobic politicians that want to block it
Such a small country with so
Should just give people residential parking permits so they can buy ad many as they need and not this stupid idea
Slovakia has good wines at great prices, too, but I'm surprised they prefer hard drinks :) Didn't like much Becherovka and never tried anything different from beer and wine in former Czechoslovakia...
The assembly line basically
Post war we formed Czechoslovakia once again only to be forced into communism due to their popularity in Czechia
Well it depends
It's not, but UK is kind of an exception in this regard
5x higher
Vocative, same as Czech and Polish.
Slovakia - just don't invade Poland and we'll be fine.
The difference between filling cost was 20€ without insurance and 16€ with lul
Become a part of bernolakovcov and become a writer and make really hard to read to understand poetry just to make it harder for students 200 years later
But Target is nicer
Only you can
Below 1€ for breakfast meal
Looks like Edward Scissorhands' place
Poldark intensifies
Exactly the same in Slovak
Could everyone please stop using Slovakia as a term for country with close culture to yours which is shittier?
Basically same here 20 € for 4 GB, but considering our wages, it's even worst probably
Simply because it's first time we experience this
I highly doubt that a gay couple can create better family than male and female.
As for the vibe, its seasonal, the best vibe is during the summer days, and then additionally for a few weeks during Christmas
I admit
A lot of languages has it, it is useful
It’s obviously not always true but when you look at any election results and see which part of the country voted for which party, it kind of just confirms it
Comparing curse words is really hard
For how small we are, you would believe how many dialects we have, some are just different pronunciations but some are entirely different words and sentence sequences, like holy shit I myself know like 15 ways of saying a "potato" in slovak
wtf where
This really makes me uncomfortable as a person who absolutely despise hot temperatures
Thats a bridge
This caused a huge scandal and piece by piece, it was revealed that the ruling party had close connections with mafia, they were dealing with land, extremely corrupted and that the prime minister was in touch with very shady people
I am just getting a bit disappointed, that most replies involve perkele / kurwa / caralho / merde, etc
Also Čert is a slavic mythology creature I believe
Czechs are for me definitely more than brothers, whenever I am in Czech Republic I feel like as if I am home in Slovakia :)
so Ella, Elena, Elia and Elaria, Eleonora, Elinor are O.K.
I stopped using it after that
when the air is stale - "it smells in here like Tsarigrad (an archaic name of Istanbul)"
There were also maps with population density and unemployment levels, so all the stats are readily available for comparison
To be honest, if we managed to push with such growth despite the plague that is Fico government, I bet you will be able to ride the wave too.
He is not in charge of country foreign policy, that would be Lajcak.
Also even if we decide I am never ever willing to give us European schengen zone citizenship
" I was driving on the highway and near a major exit, traffic started to get heavy and suddenly lots of cars went to the right shoulder
They dont like Hungarians and Gypsies-2 largest minorities here.
I know that Slovenia is [not Slovakia]
Bratislava 2
I use it occasionally, but I pay everything on it as soon as possible.
Yeah but everyone uses it only with their parents
Notre Dame burns
Error in number or coloring
Try the bands Lasten Hautausmaa and Teksti-tv 666 my dude
English does use gender for some inanimate objects but in an associative way, even for some abstract concepts
(They are in the same party) Then there are the extremists
Dont know about this particular case, but last year we pretty much deported 7 russian diplomats for such behaviour - for spreading propaganda and financing "alternative media" and local individuals involved, and a for managing fake companies to avoid russian ban for exports
I said sink the ships, not shoot at people.
And as we all know, politicians like to avoid troubles and like to leave it to the next government after another elections.
[it would look something like this]
Ahoj, moje meno je Ján. Je mi potešením ťa stretnúť. Odkiaľ si ty
In that case, it is 70€ per month
If you put meat into Christmas Sauerkraut soup or not
Secondly, their capitals play a disproportionate role in producing capital.
Here it's only with women, although it's mostly just the older generations
Delizioso
Now add a ugly ugly woman, drunk, dressed like a whore laughing and screaming at the puked dude.
Je mi to 1/5 - lit
When I hear it I really really want to be part of a conversation, to be able to speak in that speed of light (just my perspective of how I sometimes hear it haha)
We also learn about Guttenbergs printing machine
NZ is doing much better internally than Slovakia, which makes the island argument invalid
In the first lockdown they did close the borders completely
Fake media outlets controling weather
role (fields)
That doesn't change that denying the Slovakians or Croats their right to self-determination is okay just because the Hungarians as losers (together with the Germans) are poor, poor victims who deserve to rule over others as consolation.
Even more impressive from Macedonia.
Will he bleach people or something?
ah yes Nikolai II fucking things up as always and leaving a bitter aftertaste lmao
Because we all know there is no political meddling in Council and Commission decisions.
Britain is best in creating problems that can be later solved with great sacrifice
I see this all over my feed even in CE.
It was kinda hot yesterday with 30C in my town, but today tempatures have decresed and its only 23C so that pretty chill
As a written language however, Slovak started in Great Moravia in the 9th century when Cyril and Methodius invented the glagolic alphabet , from this period you can google st
I visited: Croatia, Slovenia, Hungary, Austria, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Germany
Hmmm mostly playing footbal, hockey (or rather hockeyball), and climbing -  trees, buildings, rocks
Almost everything is dubbed on Czech and Slovak TV.
Same goes for Slovakia
You can buy tickets from Bratislava to Breclav and then from Breclav to Warsaw on CD
On the other side, the flow goes also the other way.
nooooooooooo, only finns will then understand and they will bring us all down.
" ?
I would change him for Iceland’s or New Zealand’s prime minister
One of the main reason behind electoral college was to appeas slaver states.
rally english is a Finnish native language
First good idea after a loooong time.
The explanation for this is most likely that cocoa is expensive and good quality chocolate is seen as luxurious product and countries with good economics can afford it
What did he do that was so horrible?
>Shark finning has been banned in European vessels and waters since 2003
This really doesn't need major designation like, east, west, central.
Old cruise ships moored just by Libya coast.
2 nights is already an overkill, usually I just recommend it as a daytrip from Vienna or maybe 1 nights max.
And then you arbitrarily flail with the steering wheel and get angry at passengers pointing out that you just set the course off a cliff
Baltic states are all 3 member of NATO and EU.
Lots of trucks from the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia, and other Eastern European countries in my corner of the country.
Slovakian superiority shining through in 1600s
In Slovak it means both, cat and crampon
Or maybe try to swim through the danube and get shot .
Also, the money UK doesn't get back directly still goes to other countries which then raise and educate skilled workers who might then decide that UK is a better place where to pay their taxes
Self-proclaimed Transnistria is holding elections today
She hasn't told me much about it, except that it was required of her and her fellow pioneers to attend public festivities and street marches celebrating socialism and the government
Great for sleeping
Good luck in your job search
Yes us hungarians want to separate from slovakia
Im so sorry for that
It calculates the best ticket prices for you and only actually charges you at the end of the day
So the east around Spis
* brat (brother)
It is
that is funny on several levels.
This isn't about social class either - Austrian and German nobles in Slovak lands were generally benevolent and tolerant, and had good relations with all ethnicities.
it is pronounced like kla -as clarity
A few of the more well-known stuffs that are in it: Milka, Mon Cheri, Raffaello, Nutella, Monster, Coca-Cola, Knorr, Rio Mare and many more.
Huge place with enormous amount of opportunities.
I would probably consider myself an upper middle class but not that much
Everything is very convenient in terms of dental care here
New institution can be set up to take power over fiscal policy that will be in line with monetary instead of everyone going full regalia.
Also funny thing Austria - Hungary was Rakúsko -  Uhorsko but modern Hungary is Maďarsko
Insane
Super easy
But again I said high corruption at all levels in everything.
You mean parallel parking space?
This caused a huge scandal and piece by piece, it was revealed that the ruling party had close connections with mafia, they were dealing with land, extremely corrupted and that the prime minister was in touch with very shady people
* notebook (laptop) - this is a fun one because we took an actual English world but used it for a different thing than it's used in English
In a press conference on November 23rd he called the reporters “dirty, anti-Slovak prostitutes”.
As a result, the new name was "Czech and Slovak Federative Republic" and in Slovakia, Československo could have been written with a hyphen (Česko-Slovensko)
Also heard great things about Oman
In 1944, on his authority, about 3B Slovak crowns (present value about $750M) were transferred from the central deposit in Bratislava to the branch of the bank in the town of Banská Bystrica, which was about to become the main base of the insurgents, formally justifying the decision with concerns about the possibility of allied bombing of the capital
I am glad that they call spade a spade.
Outside the ones I speak, Japanese
Russia - well iron curtain happened, we were there
I would say it's [tank man from 1968]
Even to this day
Together with Principality of Moravia they formed Great Moravia in 833
Three cities would be great: **Vienna - Bratislava - Budapest**. Each city has different vibe, they are all connected also via Danube river, surrounded by fields, hills, forests, vineyards
(Sometimes 3 vs 30€ if you find a proper scammer)
Because no one expects english speakers to use "česko". But your native language uses different phonetical rules from english
Dont tell anyone
Those are pretty much all over Turkey, Arabic countries and South East asia
They compared the car made in Spain and in Nigeria and in the nigerian car it looked same, but the qualitty was terible, significant ammount of noise in African car, interior wasnt holding together properly and so on.
Situácia je na piču a to každý vie
We are member of NATO and EU so guess how.
However didn't really care about names as much as a kid, because if you translated one then you have to do all, and Harry Potter too
Especially younger generation that was in school after your independence.
As slovak student I can take train anywhere in Slovakia for free (nice populism here)
this and progressive presidents
And what’s stopping you
whilst it lasted
but i mostly just wear my pj’s when i’m home
a cat becomes the owner of the house from day one !
Your logic here seems to be "I don't like it, therefore it's the same".
Yeah, I like it the way it is where I dont have to piss myself waitin
PPPeter
Both of us are the "smaller bro" to Czechia and Sweden respectively, we have similar population size, we both feature blie/white jerseys, and we both are pretty good drinkers and just get along well
I definitely think it should be cheaper
In short, Czechs trust Czech central bank more than ECB
Therefore being an island helps
I find it ridiculous that apparently do many czechs do that.
Not until December 15th, but I think there will be some limitations
I like the thoughts of a mindless slug
Why don't you go with this next time
This is what happens when you find a stranger in the Alps
My choice is clear
Although we only had 3825 foreign votes, that's like 0
In 1914 it was like 70H-10S,the rest Czech and German
"krasnyj život" in russian means "red belly"
Obviously, some states have it better than others, quite a few of these things are finally getting addressed
Most people wouldn't.
Austria - Vienna
Some regulations since not all of EU can fit onto Canary Islands
After Poland and Hungary which already have populist leaders (the latter, like Trump, took over an existing party), and Slovakia (YMMV on whether Smer is a right-wing populist party masquerading as social Democrats), I'd guess that Denmark, Sweden, Latvia, or Belgium could be next.
Ah, Runescape
No that's Chille
Another citadel of Europe - Spiš Castle, Slovakia
Looks nice
Don't you remember switching the radio with those songs too
Slovakia: Kingdom of Hungary 1000 - 1918.
Trianon finally revised, now stronker than ever.
Hopefully it is going to be a better year than 2016 was.
certainly not to level of Bohemia, but it already wasn't some backwards, rural place.
Well it´s on you and us to get those bribed idiots out in May
Juraj Jánošín - a thief, basically the Slovak Robin Hood
Very credible, I just remembered how impressed I was with a French guy at work, who used the term miniscule instead of lowercase
Out of curiosity, did Kosmo also air in Slovakia?
How can anybody be strictly against that?
No, it does not
Why are Romania and Slovakia considered "enemies" ?
Since the release, nobody takes foremost the titular town of Prievidza seriously
Are you becoming Germans in Slovakia?
Going to amalfi coast for the first time this year, can't wait
Czech
Ah the young times
It's only allowed for dual citizens and those who are eligible to obtain a foreign citizenships.
We learn mostly about the history in the North, but also about the events affecting whole country (like kings, their policies etc)
Sorry, then
It's "hvala", from Ljubljana to Vranje
Something like half a million pounds or so.
I cant even play Rocket League.
Also bojsko, means a playground in Polish, here it means warzone
I've not really experienced anything negative towards different races
I still think that Slovak, closely followed by Czech, has the best ortography for Slavic languages
what do you mean by Eastern Europe?
The card gets blocked in certain places, i.e.
Thanks for the pizza
Also Tatry, I didn’t realise they’re on the borders, so there is also the Polish side of them
In Slovak it is called Holandsko-which means Holland+ending sko is used in half of country names.
Secondly, your mom is literally **the** stereotype
but i mostly just wear my pj’s when i’m home
My blood pressure goes up whenever I hear that G-word in context of economics.
My personal favourite is [Orava castle] Even several movies were made them like vampire classic Nosferatu and the new series The Rules of the Beast
Maybe if they fuck off with article 13 then I might
You are really comparing apples with oranges.
Because often, these lifestyles are even paid for from their taxes (and if not, it's usually not an honest way anyway)
On the other side it is almost impossible to read anything decent about what's going on in Syria that is not "moderate rebels" bullshit outside of RT.
congratulation to Catalans and their sovereign country Catalan republic
A cheaper gasoline car which has a higher consumption and price per 1 Liter of gasoline higher than diesel **OR** a more pricey car with lower fuel consumption and cheaper fuel?
What I can remember is cooperation between some Czech and Slovak studios when dubbing Alvin and Chipmunks, where some characters were Czech and some Slovak
Cyanide
In case you want to educate yourself, here is a very interesting article about antisemitism in early Islam and how european colonial powers imported antisemitism.
Even if they actually completed all the necessary chapters, which they didn't come even close to, they still need approval of every single one of the EU countries.
You mentioned Russians since 90s...
The comments are another perfect example that the western tolerance is just a myth.
Bratislava
But I imagine they are cocktail bars
We even have in our Constitution that debt can never go above 60% of GDP or government automatically falls and new elections take place with such budget being vetoed.
I mean, point taken, it's just that mutually intelligibility shouldn't be counted as knowing the other language, but have it your way
(It's longer of course)
It is supposed to mean they mix up the names.
Vyhne
Also that policies towards Russian government tends to be less strict even tho there is no actual shift in their policies which could justify that
Funnily enough, few months back Moldovan election website worked perfectly.
Or is it Kaliningrad oblast of Russia
Sometimes never
I have to admit, I saw many, many, many more worse political decision than this.
Just looking at Eastern Slovakia, Kralovsky Chlmec (7000 inhabitants), Velke Kapusany (9000 inhabitants), Trhoviste (2000 inhabitants) are missing
I'm so accustomed to QWERTZ that using QWERTY is a real pain for me
Edit: I forgot to mention that we reverted back to 8th of May, but many older people can't really accept it (and I don't blame them, I would probably do the same in that age
Everytime i go to California Pizza Kitchen i barely eat half, but yaay can take it home and don't have to deal with dinner
Why would that be default
I haven't been to Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Northern Ireland, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia.
You can't possibly go anywhere without passing at least one castle, castle ruin or chateau along the way here
and that's why it will be Lithuania Second :D
15 minutes by bus on when the traffic is good - or 20 minutes by bike when the weather allows it
It depends
Czech Republic was their slave name.
The media don´t swear in presidents the courts do
Borscht (that one I actually do like here and there).
Well
I get a blank stare when I say where I am from
Very nice indeed
I'm German, we were on the same side, you know.
Revolutionary in the Autro-Hungarian revolution (although not a good one) and cofunder of the first national Slovak assembly during the revolution
Largest group of people with foreign origin in the UK are South Asians, but I can t name you 1 important British player of Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi or Sri Lankan origin.
Historia Civilis is the channel name and he has a video about "Constitution of Sparta". It's really great despite the boring name
Nicely kept public places, functioning services, overall your country side looks nicer than here, people seem to care, general sense of "ordnung", better roads, newer trains, bigger cities have great public transport schemes
The cashiers are fast AF here but the number of working cashiers is around half compared to other shops so the queues are long eitherway
I walk a lot
It would be best if you could just pay for public transport with your regular Credit Card
not sure)
South African (my favourite)
I cant really put it into words that well as im not a native speaker but I feel like this paralel should make my point.
Yeah covering more than 65 millions potential customers vs Romanian 20 millions,
I like to observe politics of the Union
(I) We think it lacks red
If you look at the regional cooperation formats there's a clear line who is where.
Top kek in next 4 years is awaiting us.
What did his predecessor do
The suns replies again: "Good afternoon Erich"
Don't say that, as a LGBT supporter from Slovakia, you people in Czech Republic were always the cool kids, with legal weed and stuff...If you do it we can as well :D
And she will make the EU pay for it
Slovakia: i asume you have no information about our country, unless you have relatives here of friends of Slovak ancestry.
But it is more problem of space, because first cities in Europe was builded on mud and it was more organicly organized, while US bulided on more solid roads, with grid roads and later highways in mind
In special cases, passport can be used as verification
He's got a tumor it's not nice to talk about it
But honetsly it is hit or miss, most of the time if you as a foreigner try to attack people, people would go away - as they dont want to get involved in violence, even if they carry a weapon or know how to fight - because people dont want to end their night with a fight (especially in bigger cities)
I am kind of sorry for him, for the situation in which he took over the country
Maybe they use it less frequently, IDK
A perfect example of lying directly to people's face.
And the return of investment is 50 cents from each invested euro.
New Peugeots look more upmarket than any Opel.
[Bad Karma Boy - Dunaj]
In our country is probably Jozef Tiso (presidend of Slovak State during WW2) or Vladimir Mečiar (First prime mimister of Slovakia)
That's maybe important event in Slovakia, but not here.
As a male, I could be at least literate, but still probably poor
small one
The street in Bratislava where the seat of the central bank is located now is named after him
If there are ANY examples or functioning communism or anything close to it ANYWHERE in the world, feel free to educate me
how would you call our right wing parties?
It is still the only right way to write it in Slovak
But it's haaaaard word for me
There are also very well integrated or likeable minorities like Lao people in France or Vietnamese in Germany
Also not a big fan of sunny beach in Bulgaria
At least they did some minor renovations for hockey championships
BMW costs significantly more than an equivalent Honda, Ford, etc.
The Poles, I dont know much about really
At least for a while
So basically I feels strangely connected to countries in Asia who had brush with commies
EU itself warned member states on that matter
Although of course it could be your choice, it just seems oddly specific without much reasoning behind it.
We have mosquito and donkey
impossible
Finally the answer I was looking for.
Most often in English, but there are times, when the dub is pretty good and enhances the experience
WTF are they even using minks for
It does not sound very pacifistic
That basically applies for the rest of Slovakia
Yep, You live in CE, just 100 km from EE.
Hah thanks, why you think that
Dear diary, today OP was a pretty cool guy.
Your ACs may possibly be the reason why you feel sorry for us now
Fuck it I'm moving to Iceland
Hungary
We did basically the same, but we barely had a choice
Right now, but it wasnt for long.
There was even an uproar from the public once, when they wanted to skip airing it a certain year
Poland is the only place I've seen wakie-talkies used in order to know where the police are and therefore be confident of not getting a ticket for
I would say highwaymen, at least in Slovak folklore
So much that they will never let you visit unless you throw away that passport and vice versa.
Piran is an amazing town
"Tomáš" = "Tomáško"
I love eating cheese but for that I am pretty much a French whore
Sure, I used to collect them
Not even close
I have no idea why but I always end up dating austrian girls
The whole Sofia is just one street with a few bars and commieblocks
I thought so, but wasnt 100% sure
Either a mansion or several houses / flats
Or is it one sided arrangement where "eastern" europeans go and die for your wars, when you are lazy enough to let some of your soldiers to hang around that region?
I am totaly pro Taiwan
* to (that)
So when we were buying furniture in poland adn they tell you "blah blah blah vyšukajte si blah bla " I N S I D E   L A U G H I N G because for me it means that i should suck my own dick
We Slovaks have the same tradition :D! But because of the current situation, we cannot go anywhere :/
Lingua franca in Belarus is russian lango.
Great to see
As common Indo-European I approve.
EDIT: Wow, I can only imagine how much attention would I have got, had I not made a typo in the header :/.
[our president a.k.a. the fashion police, approves
It doesn't matter what it is, you need to bitch about it at least a little bit
You leave a bit of starchy water in (5cl), then add your sauce and mix it until reduced
Also most of the maps presented show only the North with the current borders of Slovakia marked as well, which can be maybe controversial for Hungarians
Ingliš lenguidž. Bikóz of speling
My most favourite travel experience ever is when we were with a guy from Apulia and he ranted, definitely ranted when he saw a cucumber on a pizza in Bulgaria
Playing victims
Military conflict in Belarus would be catastrophic for Russia, Belarussian intelligence would go full regalia if they would even smell some little green men coming and started arresting everyone they even suspected with cooperation.
I would like to see what would happen of Czechoslovakia accepted Marshall plan and didn't 'vote' for commie takeover
Leningrad and Little Big
Well, when it comes to him, it takes enourmous, terrific, amount of imagination.
We usually call it the same, although someitmes we also say "Svätá rímska ríša národa nemeckého" - Holy Roman Empire of the German nation
Interesting thing is that Netherlands in slovak language is "Holandsko".
When I was in London and went somewhere by bus for the first time, I got pretty confused looks by everyone inside, since I got on the bus through the second door, and not through the front door like everyone else
I still think that Slovak, closely followed by Czech, has the best ortography for Slavic languages
I came here to note the huge disparity between Slovakia and the Czech Republic.
Anyway, I got to it through EU4, since I wanted to have a thematic music
As a Romanian I have a newfound respect for the Slovakian people.
And also how does it work for countries like taiwan, northern cyprus, kosovo, transinistria, crimea etc
That would be win win for everyone (except poor Uganda and Bangladesh I guess).
I was actually really surprised that it's the other way around in the US
Hopefully it won't be as part of Russian Federation.
Example:
I got DCC questions sometimes even if I’m using non-Revolut EUR card in another EUR paying country
Silence
Therefore I think this could be a reason why we understand each other a little better
Slovakia is going to get a lot of hate over this from American conservatives.
Střílej, střílej
Intellectuals are still being portrayed over here (in eastern europe) as "lazy coffee drinkers". To this very moment, that is the legacy of former soviet era
But social democracy is not communism, that is something COMPLETELY different
If the difference between [Austrian and Slovakian products of the same brand are this pronounced] you can only guess the distance in quality between Finnish and Russian ones.
He's like what Miffy is for the Dutch, Tintin for Belgium or Mickey Mouse for the US.
its difficult question, especially because ,,conservatives" in european goverments tend to be quite liberal, merkel actually leads right wing party, speaking for slovakia, economic right wing is also liberal in values, or was, left is quite conservative in values and tends to be nationalist a loto f times,
Odoxa poll: Macron 27% (+2), Le Pen 25.5% (-1.5), Fillon 19% (=), Hamon 14% (+1), Melenchon 10% (-2)
Because all the money other companies would put in innovation, they would put in wages for redundant staff
Most Poles I've met actually hardly knew Bratislava and nothing else from Slovakia
And here, /r/AskEurope, you have a response from a Hungarian; translation: ''Slovakia does not exist''.
There is a lot of fake news and russian propaganda in our countries
I actually saw this on TV in some document.
Getting out of the bed in the morning was an effort
Lots of female travellers got there alone and loved it
She is this headstrong village girl that doesn't care that she is unpopular, she is also by far the smartest one at her home
We depend on our neighbours too much
Here in Europe iPhones are used mostly by hipsters and businessmen (a smaller percentage)
I liked ours as well
E.g. I live in Slovakia which can be considered a small country (5
Reminds me of "my grandpa died in German concentration camp during WW2
So I left SOONER than most kids
Imagine being a kind and growing up in a really poor place with a different hierarchy and even caste system
which half and do your eagles swim
Love me some rocket leaves, aka rucola
² šišky -> these are made from sourdough
["It's just like in the Tatras.
Buda was occupied and Habsburg legitimacy over land of Crown of Hungary lied in their coronation of kings of KoH.
Some minor here and there, but far cry away from what it was for decade.
Even during the 90s and early 2000s the Ladas had a reputation of being easy to repair and maintain, which was a godsend to poorer families
Its not like Israel is pope or anything to whole jewish populaton on the whole world.
Depends on if it’s in a restaurant or at home
There, I corrected that for you so it corresponds with the recent _Invasion of Ukraine dictionary_ .
It is not exactly collinear
What a lifehack
Plus there is nothing in Slovakia that would suggest link between religiousity and reproduction.
so few of them wear masks, i hope it won't get overshadowed by corona
TBH no, but seeing this, I remembered I dreamed today about playing with Lego again and I wonder if Lego catalogues are still published
Many things were great here, but people forgot.
Yup, wars will be carried on no matter who will be president.
how is it in basque
"Step closer to the urinal
I just remembered there is probably some Hungarian swear phrase, that goes like \[azangyalat\], which I've heard only some Slovaks say, immitating Hungarians, but I can't look it up on Google, to figure out how exactly is it spelled (or divided) and what does it mean
It means bassoon
She was "told to go to hell," either take a normal deal or accept that there will no longer be a special treatment, which would explain the current posturing.
Well, regional dialects in Slovakia usually differ much more from standard Slovak than standard Czech from colloquial Czech
Btw your last sentence does not make any sense, nobody's thinking what way in Slovakia or Poland, or any other eastern european country.
I mean with a hat and nice overalls
Czech
You know, typical backpack get up plus the give me coffee or I die look
Huh ... so I can go to canary and stay there forever and ever ... huh ... welp t´was boring life here anyway
That's like one of the most stereotypical Slovak tourist habits I have heard about
They’d cement busted tanks into the ground as static gun positions
My hometown of 27 thousands has like 4 around
The *-ia* in English comes from Latin e.g.
Therefore, I cannot really continue to support Blizzard and I'll fully support the Hong Kong protesters instead
I think that was used for that part of the country during the time it was a country together with Slovakia.
благосъстояние - welfare
ISIS command is strongly decentralized.
Cities which do have skyscrapers are those which were bombarded in the WWII because they had to rebuild basically from scratch and technology was able to produce skyscrapers
looking forward to a rematch STOP
Iran and Russia share common interests in certain places, but Iran isn't Russias lapdog.
[Tell me it ain't.]
Our stereotypes of Belgium, Bosnia, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden are almost identical to yours.
With me and my blond coworker, there was always attention on us in Kenya/Tanzania
Slovenia sends their wrongly adresed mail to us each month
that a prosecutor earns just $2,870
Give it a few years
I never understood why packages in USA get left at the doorstep
Austrians look overall more caring about their environment than us, more woke
I loved them as a kid
I know that narrative is most common and accepted, but I always suspected more of an internal tensions within Conservative party eurosceptic wing and the rest as the reason behind it all.
It's like explaining w to a Slovak where that sound only really exists as a part of ô /wo/.
Here in Slovakia if you are in smaller city expect to pay around 300-400€ rent + energies for 3 room flat around 64m and make from 600 to 1000 depending on the field
The guy you were responding to claimed the KZ, Georgia, Turkey..at least a part are not Europe, which is just false.
Thats a very "internet" sentiment with that general cat worship, but all these vids of cats sending dogs running you see are hardly fights.
therefore the costs are ridiculous, and the company is not able to compete in worldwide economy
1935 would be about 60H-40S
It was soo cold inside we used to congregate in the kitchen because we could warm that one up
Then I spent some time in the US and now it's a mixed mish mash or accents
Goddamn patriots, they ruined patriotism
Also living standards are quite good in several ,,eastern,, EU states, just we don´t have here welfare system and their diaspora communities/families - those 2 are by far most important reasons they go to Germany, Sweden and so on - otherwise they would stay in 1st safest country - like Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan have millions of Syrians and similar case with both Iran and Pakistan hosting millions of Afghans for decades.
Lot of runners use it too
My friends and me took a small bus from Ciampino to the center and holy fuck the ride was an adventure, missing parked cars by centimetres
I don’t watch sport a lot so I don’t really know that many
Examples are used by experts and Brits do not need no freaking experts to make their minds!
Look how liked Babis is there, we can guarantee the best quality of corruption
Isn't it weird that we can just watch events happening thousands of kilometers away live
The trick is that you will not get the best deals unless you you have a permanent residence in a cheap-deal country.
Well its sunnynthere, so it might be cleaning day, they can dry washed carpets
Also I consider below 40% humidity as too dry air and above 60% humidity as too humid air
It tends to mean bigger inclination to rationality.
They were also unprepared back than
I wasn't just casual free to play player, I spent over 1000€ in past 3 years on their games
That dude is legendary for his speaking skills
I heard there was some CIA facility in Poland too
There isn't much to do or see there.
Feel free and check it out I dob't really have time to clarify everything for you
And there seem to be some occasional lost German there
city - varoš - from Hungarian "város"
Is there more
I am interested in reality and real examples, not some sci-fi philosophical "if-then" scenario
But I mostly ride on the less frequented/field roads
Polish working from home :D
Slovakia seems to be going, at least economically, only uphills all the time.
Why do you think that Slovakia's, or any other EU member's voice will be as important as Ireland's?
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
Also known as Morena/Morana in other countries, she's kind off like a slavic goddes of death
Hungary for being a cautionary tale (in politics) and teaching us delicious food
What's next
Trafansagan
Prague is truly gay hot-spot, because it attracts LGBT from the regions and nearby rather homophobic countries like Slovakia, Ukraine but also from the west a lot.
He will be nicer to china - which is probably not good, nicer to environmnet which is probably good (however considering the covid economy aftermath, i dont know about that) and i hope it will calm down american people a bit, and the division will become narrower
Nikolaus (Mikuláš) here comes with čert (sort of a demon, from hell), which takes little naughty kids in his bag, and Angel, who gives good kids chocolate
Not just Americans
It is still the only right way to write it in Slovak
Well if in 67 it wouldnt end in Austrian-Hungarian compromise, but rather in compromise between Austrians, Hungarians, Slovaks, Czechs, Croats, Serbians and Romanians Empire would have pretty solid chance surviving even loosing in WW1.
This is non-issue
And by the way, I also wonder - if you were shown a particular Lego brick and was asked if you owned it; if so, which model did it come from and what other characteristic pieces did the model consist of - would you still be able to tell
But me and my friends wanted to know more about Finland winter war
They do good work
Ice Hokey for us, even though violence is way less common than for football
Not too many slovaks could use it though
We have the same system as Germany, also the % are same or very simmilar, and i tought for a long time that every country in EU has it like that
on each card the first 4, 6 or 8 numbers identify issuing bank and country
Imagine being addicted to placebo
I find this interesting
How many english MPs two years back supported idea of indyref?
Also Tatry, I didn’t realise they’re on the borders, so there is also the Polish side of them
Italian restaurants are pretty common as well
The Samo guy
Promise a lot of money (and rental apartments) to people with no specific plans to collect that money for
English
Just doesnt make sense from geographical point of view.
Shouldn't Norway be our Slovakia?
I have 0 knowledge on social view on this question in German society, thus asking.
So elegant
After Brexit in Germany support for EU surged to maximums.
Who in Slovakia has separatist tendencies if you dont mind me asking?
They don't wear the uniforms anymore, btw.
It is about ideology behind shootings.
they woulndt even be part of the continent if they had returned constantinopolis
cough on him
2011 - Over sending financial aid to Greece (although that was more like the last straw, the coalition was incredily wobbly from the get go)
9% - hungarians corrupted by the two fuckers above
So you take all freedoms or none of them.
Despite them being a one entity, tariffs had to be paid
His arrest warrant on fellow member of Diet with whom he knew for decades and actually had a lot of in common was last straw and afterwards declaration of loyalty to Habsburgs came.
The only place we go to at Obchodná is Slovak pub
Latvia= Lotyssko
Kecskemét has always reminded me of "Kočkomet", which would be a "cat-thrower" in Czech ;)
Two languages is like nothing nothing
Everything the kremlinbots ever say about UA does nothing to justify Russian actions, yet makes you feel like somehow you should feel sympathy for Russia.
1€ - two chocolate bars in a grocery store
Its often a place where homeless do drugs and have sex apparently
CHP was silent when other opposition has been arrested.
Unlike Ukraine, Lukashenko in all those decades managed to build rather capable military that is fully loyal to Minsk.
I like ours
Not to mention brain drain that Europe is committing on ME and Africa.
Ireland or any other signatory state of any other international agreement, is obliged to either put their national law in accordance with the binding clauses of the international agreement they have signed to adhere to or to face the consequences which Ireland agreed to face, again which is stipulated in the international agreements that it had signed.
The biggest ski resort there is Jasna I suppose.
That's cheating then, innit mate
That's easy, Slovenia is a small slavic-speaking eastern european country that gained independence from its larger constituent country when it shook off the yoke of communism before finally joining the EU in 2004...While Slovakia is a fictional country you just made up.
What, I thought it was totally Austrian
Working with Germans, some of them use the word "Rechner" while in school I was taught it should be Computer
Pasta has place of origin in Italy
Revolutionary in the Autro-Hungarian revolution (although not a good one) and cofunder of the first national Slovak assembly during the revolution
They are in cultured society now
Ahoj, volám sa Ján. Rád ťa spoznávam
We also guard the Slovak-Ukrainian border (although some will say not very well) and support Ukraine in their fight with Russia over delivering gas through Russian-Ukrainian pipelines to Central Europe
I remember having close to 30 parties in one election couple years back in our small Slovakia
Downside is increased energy consumption, thus increased carbon footprint, heating the planet that much more
Im disappointed my country isnt there
I was always against the EU membership, people tend to lose their mind when they are shown golden cage, populist phrases about growing living standard and funny virtual statistics which doesn't reflect reality.
According to stats Slovakia is the only former communist country where population grows
I AM NOT HEAR A NO
They are openly talking about doing "something" with gypsies and by something i imagine gulag.
Yes indeed it did, after they got what they wanted.
And my personal favourite since my childhood: [Kristina - Horehronie] she sings about the central region in Slovakia and defines the typical slovak landscape and nature
People were curious, wanted to talk
They are not the same, the grammar is very different
Well, yes
Yeah, langoš with tartar sauce/sour cream, garlic and grated cheese is perfect
Also, they are pretty THICC
Well yeah, the tip of the penis, your butt-hole or a vagina are more sensitive to bacteria than the skin on your hands.
You are missing one in Slovakia (near town Trenčín).
Szukat their looking for means to fuck in Slovakia and Czech Republic
If you would want to see an actual fight between a cat and a dog, youd have to visit one of these gore websites.
That a mark of an authoritarianism, of a government who wants to control and extort their people
In terms of mentality, cuisine, customs, history and such things.
You certainly are not and I am jealous.
Nah we're Slavs so no point in learning
If I were a chick, you'd have me at "Zmrzlinový".
Oh no, how could they take Croatia and Slovakia?
Uhorsko doesn't mean Hungary in Slovak but the whole area of that part
That makes three
>The  bit that you do not get is that those intellectuals do not rely on  Right-wing propaganda to form their understanding of USSR or communism
Its funny how too many Turks have no problem with screaming that anyone who even looked at Gulen in his life is FETO member and must be executed, while ignoring that Gulen helped Erdogan purge the military of Kemalists and help with his ascention to power.
If I get a lifetime supply
We do drink a lot like many other slavs
I would never, ever think I will give Slovakia as an example but...
At some point Great Moravia consisted of modern day Slovakia, Czech Republic, Carpathian Ruthenia, Hungary and some regions of Germany (where Sorbs live), Austria, Slovenia, Croatia and Romania
Don't take this the wrong way, but it's a common schizophrenia in the euroscepticism that undermines the very foundation of euroskepticism as it's not a constructive criticism but merely an attempt to justify the irrational hate towards the EU.
He had beef with Sulík (for about 2 months I guess
I'm very good at ignoring other people, but it kind of bothers me that no one ever tells anything to him about it
There is a band from Russia that sings in finnish precisely because noone can understand that
Why does Slovakia, a smaller country with a smaller economy can go into USA whilst Poland cannot?
I agree with that, definitely
I asume huge majority of posters here is not familiar enough with names of all 28 leaders (PM or president) depends who represents executive branch of power country by country.
The Hungarians with Orban at least had a crisis as excuse, but Poland is probably the only country with improving economy, no refugee crisis, and still voted in the fascist.
Iraqis for instance were finally able to write a books about tribes that are loyal to Iraq and which were supporting AQI and later ISIS.
Canadian
Look I just want us to have a sea in our country, it's not my fault that the sea happened to cover most of their area :D
If you steal and break shit, make a mess, dont work or put your children in school and break the law, you can be purple for all I care
Its even more ridiculous that they actually killed people in the past and yet they still exist.
I am sorry Croatia
Same with Gulas or Lecso with paprika
I'm confused by the kex issue -what pronunciation options are people disagreeing on
Use of "y" vs "i" at the end of an adjective, tells whether your're talking about something in singular or plural, where "y" is always a singular adjective
Yea he definitely needs them, but proportionally budget for these people must be almost irrelevant to be worthy to even start discussion about.
Generally people seem to bypass us constantly while doing their eastern europe trips, so it actually gets suprising when you meet someone who isn't czech, polish or Hungarian or  Ukrainian
The city serves primarily its inhabitants, and there's cool food, great stores, fun bars, etc
Basically even the nazis that did not believe we could have been germanized were kinda surprised how compatible we were with the 3rd reich and the germans
As if Germany and Austria havent implemented their own border controls at the height of the crisys.
But when they come back and we let them in, it's going to be Slovakioczechia
While old members believe that the new ones are just sucking money and making obstacles.
It was unironically very entertaining
Doesn't it count as a second language?
I was writing a list but I hit the reddit post length limit
Anyway, [here] the part when the radio host reads the PM a fresh announcement made by Sulík, that he won't speed up the process of purchase of rapid antigen tests, as requested
Man I hate to defend the idiots who say "Yeah I'm 34.9 Slovakian and 12% English esc.
No, because no minorities exist in China
NO they didn't stop lying
Never
To be fair, I would hope our polish neighbours would know a little bit more
Unpaid overtime does not exist in here
He took his life 2 years later due to family reasons (years after occupation were turbulent for many families)
4 which is ze level of inefficiency where ozer drivers ken honk at you wis zeir automobilgeräuschindustrialklaksone
I'm a weeb
there is no free version of Apple Music though
Of course, there was also [Vladimír I-will-punch-the-f\*\*k-out-of-you Mečiar] but I consider it a different kind of breakdown
From the perspective of the human lifespan, it's a more than a third of the time a lot of humans will live
Surely there are some beneath several castles
Isn't it amazing, fellow Europeans, than we can say "Serbian Nigger" is funny translation and no one is being offended or losing their mind
It played during my graduation party
I think the issue is that so many people hyped it and I expected the best place on earth, when in reality it was just a cool city
Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria and Hungary
We have way to describe both, for to me unknown reasons, in SK language you can count from first or first floor up:
But Soviet powers marched to Prague a day later
I meant generally speaking outside of a group people I'm familiar with, for example in a shop / restaurant / at work in a different city / region or at school
Most-Híd: catering to Hungarians, did a lot of shit with travel department
These "religion leaders" should be find, round up and united with their god
We do the same, but we also whip them with a wooden whip to be 'beautiful and healthy' for the next year
Brits briggading the thread like mad and claiming oppression at the same time.
Definitely would not want to start family there
In another scenario, Poland and Slovakia might overtake us.
Lots of hiking spots, so maybe people who get bored of Tatras go there
\>not 69
Older people in Slovakia don’t speak/understand English
Thats nice but we didnt have him
One of your countrymen found the joke if you scroll a bit upwards
Ajaj, *kdepak udělali soudruzi z NDR asi chybu
BTW do you understand that communism has nothing to do with socialism per-se
^Don't ^bother, ^I'll ^show ^myself ^out
"Ta Ne" by Kristína
Who cares what Jezza thinks or how Bin Laden died in this instance?
Yes, we still kinda are
Not to mention the gap between central European countries and Romania.
Slovak language, it's beautiful and easy literally every child in my country speaks Slovak-
In Slovak we have 'Je mi to ukradnuté' which would translate to 'It is stolen to me', but it actually meant 'I really don't care' in a not very friendly fashion
Some of their clans or families, or however it is called, have the mentality that "working is not the gypsy way to gain money".
&#x200B;
Rutte response has been quick and hard.
**Slovakia** They are literally just Slavic Hungarians.
It's not for free when you need to pay up for refurbishment.
If suspect that Minsk2 will finally collapse there.
Here maps Bing maps, Kindle and the other one
But we kinda wiggled the tail and like "not mention" things that happened until 1944 when army and partisans revolted against fascist regime
But from the other side whenever I vacation in southern Europe (Spain, Italy, Croatia, Bulgaria) and try to speak their languages people seem to be genuinely happy
As far as I know, Kocel - Pribinas son, is a historical persona in Slovenia
They still provide good service
I'm just curious what can we expect when Wilders don't win, because I don't expect Turks will calm down anytime soon.
Tatras for the win
Other cities might be a bit more limited, but bigger cities will still offer some international options and sometimes even quite unique or unexpected ones (e.g. opened by some former foreigner who moved here)
German ones are usually from the middle part or east, coming from towns that have a traditional German population from as far back as the Middle Ages
Then the mountains are everywhere else really, if we dont take the other smaller lowlands
Wow, you guys have the same word (lopata) for shovel
They get together with Slovakia to exchange mail that was wrongly delivered to the wrong country
Or Yougoslavs and Hungarians
Yeah, I love the food and safety standards, most people take it for granted
More than I can count: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus (N+S), Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Vatican, Wales
Typical partisanship
Famous sentence from our northern neighbours
Mostly the line from Morocco to Melilla
For instance in the last census, 6,000 people in Czechia identified as having Czechoslovak ethnicity
Reading these comments is hell
Thanks Czechia for your amazing beer and humour ️
KFC/Burger king/Panda express/Subway etc - rare spawns
Nationalist parties elsewhere in Europe are generally regarded as unacceptable.
I have not
*nothing*|Percentage of POWs that Died
Basically mix of Hitler, Mussolini and Tiso
There's also the whole Burgenland region and Niederosterreich with the vineyards and cute little villages
Nobody canna cross it
We sometimes jokingly call Slovakia Upper Hungary.
Ask any chef
poď.
Volcano eruption
Slovakia: caputová Kofola
You should have made southern Slovakia a part of Hungary
I was born and raised here, I live and work here.
Are they famous at home
Driving through on red lights (a big no no here, even if the street is empty, you will lose your license)
I remember failing in behaving the correct way in Austria for couple of seconds before I realized "oh, this is what's happening
This way you can talk to your dentist while he's operating on you, cool
Considering we live in an overpopulated world which due to this is facing major issues with climate change and resource exploitation, a smaller richer population is where we should be heading.
* do (into)
A music to my ears
Many people do not want to have a job - they want money.
1€ - two chocolate bars in a grocery store
Without it we’d be much closer and I think that the EU is sort of bridging that gap
who had became quickly ill and was transportet to the hsopital and than later has spend the rest of her life in a nursing home wehre she died aged 106 y.o.
Unfortunately (fortunately?) we have bad relations only with eachother.
I was talking about cruise ships, not cruise.
a sentence fitting both czechs and germans so well
Ehm what
(laughs awkwardly)
Support for democracy in the Slovak Republic is the fifth lowest in the 2016 sample while support for the market economy is the fourth lowest.
Ignác, Bonifác, pretty much everything ending on ác. Fucking awful
for the school reform, Matthias Corvinus for getting rid of the bandits in Slovakia and so on)
Depends on where I am
You sing the song of those who pay you.
And some cave dudes
But beware that it will affect everyone and mistakes will be made.
I was almost run over twice in Budapest - twice Slovakian license plates (might have been tax-dodging Hungarians though).
From my experience in uk or france, I thought that Muslim women are actually treated nicer
I have 3 cards that don’t charge fees for withdrawing abroad including N26 and Revolut, all of them have euro as base currency
>...Slovak government basically ignores this and it’s not even taught in history classes
You even have applicats with Greek, UK or Dutch citizenship, that is just hilarious.
23C right now @ 41% humidity
How about Vesihiisi
Anyway, good for Amsterdam, It’s a lovely city
"na židáka" - like a jew (meaning if someone is avoiding to pay but takes something out of it, like for example goes to the party, brings nothing but is drinking what others brought)
Where would we be now if those fuckers didn't do this
the name must be in some kind of name database
As a gay man, the life here is fantastic (in a big, liberal city)
It's 2200 and all the ice of the planet has melted.
When it’s at home, we usually host family gatherings at our weekend house so we sit outside, prepare some food - often barbecue
Oh man, Slovaks would be strong contenders with ya
Orange like tin tin
Ao much that some of us get really sad when the winter is over
The care is not that much better than Eastern Slovakia, you have to be your own best advocate, both in terms of the care you get, as well as what you are charged
Honestly in my experience I have found that Eastern European countries (Czech Republic and Slovakia) tend to be more difficult in terms of giving the visa as opposed to others (like France, Netherlands or Germany)*.
In Slovakia we used to have caricatures in my History class with Soviet, Nazi and Allies POV caricatures.
Most famously Juraj Jánošík.
That sub was literally the reason I  starded to use Reddit
My iphone was stolen once
Unfortunately I lost my cold resistance after I discovered hot showers and local hot springs
Small things like names
The first lock down happened because people were scared of the virus that no one really experienced much here
The presso thing is funny to us, you expect the same quantity of coffee like you'd get tea, tf am I supposed to do with 1,5 gulps
Yeah I guess they only can pay for some depending on money allocation
Its kinda in the middle so it connect us
WTF
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Aj to, aj kukátko
Moon and asteroids are two different things.
How are you going to employ ever growing population in the future of robotics ?
Im just imagining a blonde blue eyed Joe Pesci with a Swedish accent sitting on an ikea chair eating meatballs: "Funny how
I’ve got to know more about it only because of having a Spanish boyfriend
our biggest rival
It's went so far that a pretty big college used it as an ad campaign: "Study in the right place, and you pave your future
I wonder if Slovakia is included, or are we now blacklisted b/c of [recent visit of Dalai Lama] (his 2nd visit of SK, actually).
whilst it lasted
Czech and Slovak language is like 95% identical.
are you sure a German writer was making puns in slavic languages
Trump is at least very transparent about his wall :D
Euro helped as well, our "crown is the best" statements fade away and we should finally adopt Euro here.
if you gain tons of money by working online, for belgian money while working in belarus, that's a pretty nice boost in everything, plus clearly he did it for his wife as well
I have to spend whole day with him in one room and I would like to know of a way how to politely tell him to shut the fuck up about it
What are the differences between them
It shows his integrity when it comes to economy as a whole.
Female boar with piglets
We can help them by supplying the refugee camps and maybe picking some genuine refugees from the camps in a regulated manner, as UK did it.
IT really is a great tool
Plus I am soo terrified about this healthcare issue
Poland and Hungary
So yeah, I wish you best of lucks Scotland
Not English, but German, my Slovak is slowly deteriorating
I've heard excellent things about Banská Štiavnica.
One satanist and they have polish fullhouse
we feel you
No, wherever you go to doctor they take you inn, diagnose you and send you on your merry way, no questions asked, no money paid
Slovakian barge stuck in the ice for days on one of Danube's arms, receives help by helicopter [Romanian Ministry of Interior video in the article]
I live in Africa now and people often ask me where I'm from
football fans know, because RB creates many plastic clubs that everyone is angry on
Then there is cost for dormitory or renting a private room (unless your parents live close to the university so you can stay with them)
I think even virulent anti-immigrant countries like Hungary or Slovakia are reaching for immigrants from more eastern european countries.
Fucking eliminated oh my god
Striking difference between Slovakia and Czech Republic...
I'm sceptical about Poland due to some negative demographic trends that need to be accounted for in such long-term estimates, but certain regions are well-positioned to achieve convergence (Dolny Śląsk, Pomorze, Mazowsze), others -- unlikely.
For example, there are Korean restaurants in Žilina because there is KIA factory (Korean car producer) and due to that small Korean community lives in the city
And while many other countries simply say that protective equipment should be used by sick people only (since they don't have enough of them to be used by everyone), people in Czechia and Slovakia simply craft them themselves
Where did I see those rates before ?
I kinda look forward to longer nights, actually
* They - ďakujú
[Tell me it ain't.]
and
Separation of state and church.
My hometown is boring, small nothing much happens
So many of instances of similarities
Also Slovak language uses declination, that means the word can have different ending when used in different situations
In all honesty, try starting a family with 600 € left after taxes while living on the edge of a city, renting one room for 170 € while sharing the rest of the apartment with 3 other people.
I, personally, don’t understand Ukrainians, but when it comes to Russian, I could probably get by with a really simple conversation
And often, they don't respond truly in surveys, as you can see in many elections that happened this year - Trump, Brexit were the biggest examples - largely caused by both of these causes (not admitting who they would vote, and actually voting).
He said that he is against the dual speed EU and hours later he said that Slovakia must be well integrated in that "higher speed" EU.
Slovakia is a place I wanted to check out more -
Or Slovaks and Hungarians
Czech
That's what my german/american friend said
If you agreed with your construction worker that you will do things under the table without taxes, sure, "no one gets hurt," except all the other tax payers who now face unfair competition and all the other tax payers who now need to substitute your taxes by themselves.
Odkiaľ si
We usually get basic survival info
I am sorry for him too
(I myself when not sure about a Czech word use a Slovak word with ř or some Czech sounding noise in it
It's questioned whether we had other options tho since either we ended up as German protectorate like Czechia or we are swallowed by Poland and Hungary who both had claims over the territory
Percentage for old Russians is very low, but somehow understandable.
My ex was arabic, and to say I learned so much about a sacred art of proper pooping
Is it usual for Netherlands police to not wear uniform or to ride bikes
I wonder what GB wants
did they rise up against Hungary opression of Slovakia for centuries
Muslims have several buildings across Slovakia they use as prayer rooms, but fall within the law as normal buildings that have to pay taxes and whatnot.
Reminding me this [French book] about survivors in some castle after nuclear war.
Lastly, 34 per cent of respondents do not report a clear preference for a specific political system and 36 per cent of interviewed Slovak individuals believe that “for people like me, it does not matter” which economic system is in place.
And as for Romainian metal, Bucovina is just superb
I mean, it's not possible to do something like that ourselves, but it is plausible if Americans payed it with their own money
English is the easiest language to study
Also I feel within Europe they are the best when it comes to discussing politics and philosophy on daily basis
I am sorry housing is getting so unaffordable for most of you, although it is interesting for me to see, how real estates retain some value, when money is becoming worthless, which is partly why I was asking
Then there are y/i rules which I'm still not sure if I understand
Not much time left for actually raising your kids.
We're working on it, but in times like these you're not making the job easy.
Tasty and rich and . They have many types, but their 16 can get you pretty wooed in head
For Bratislava, only spend a night or two.
Well in Finland moving out for university is quite different than how we understand it
Nice one
Although I've read that Bratislava does benefit from the Viennese economy somehow
Not really surprising though, Slovakia is a relatively cheap country, and Bratislava a relatively rich city
Mám na háku  - lit
That's the best one in my opinion here
It's being built since 1972 and it's still maybe 65 % only done ?
Well, it comes as no surprise to me, it’s probably the common history
And the list goes on
People are awesome & kind, nature is astonishingly beautiful and generally it's a great experience to even be there.
Any kind of bread and also any baking
It requires more concentration, but it’s doable
I've literally never heard someone say "polmesiac" other than in the context of the Turkish flag or Islam as a whole
Was supposed to spend 4 days around NYE in Stockholm this winter for my 30th, but COVID
She is too great boogeyman for republicans and socialists to hope for 25 points from them.
I would never call the normal ones that, I don't even aknowledge them being roma since I don't see them by their race, I don't really care about it
Well, they have 2 years to implement it right
It makes me so angry
sometimes I add "áno" (yes) in the beginning
That is not how partners should act and will result in anti-EU, pro-Russia backslash in Serbia.
Sure but an error can be the difference between something passing and not.
I did a full day of Kiev, could have been more.
Russia is not going to attack Baltics/there is nothing to gain and everything to loose.
He will be running for re-election in 2019.
Also in my mind are cities an villages on Liptov
Honestly, the founders of the country were sometimes just too harsh on Hungary
the feelings may not be mutual atm
Before fiber it was 20 for 7/1
Haha like the funds are the only thing keeping us afloat, they mean fuckall in the big picture.
I mean, you invest 1 euro now and in 5 years you will be happy to get 50 cents back.
The martial law, the censorship, the fall of communism and the consecutive democratisation
My arabic ex - the pooping business
So you put Kosovo on the map, but Crim is still under Ukraine
French do be buying weird stuff aye
We are so so so sorry
We say “česko” (Czechland
The huge break happened when I started with online gaming and watching English series (subtitled tho) around 15-17
There is a lot of car companies there.
It's usually just a picture of an interesting gravestone tho
Well it was written in czech
How is Roman-Catholicism traditional here when as early as 18th century, majority of population belonged to lutherans, shifting to Roman-Catholicism in 19th and 20th century?
Russia, latin america - worse
Slav only own sow and reaps only own lands
And many students I know will actually go.
Yeah, totally, now that the world is shifting towards high-speed railways
The earth with an revenge
We just don't need to pamper them
An especially dark joirnalism that goes out of its way to show misery is "black chronicle".
I want to understand, maybe I'm wrong somewhere.
> Jára Cimrman
If people focused more on Trump stupid hair than on his stupid ideas, he would never become president.
Couple years back in Istanbul I met a girl who was born and raised in US of A and when she heard me saying that I'm from Slovakia she just happily exclaimed how she is Slovak too given her mother is from Slovakia and father from Czechia
4.07% of it's GNI for Slovakia,3.77% forCzechia and 4.38% for Hungary,the worst offenders.For Hungary that represents the biggest flow of FDI.But yeah,it doesn't matter at all.
Where
As there are many Hungarians living in Slovakia, hungarian accent is pretty common in Tv (actors with hungarian ancestry) and even though they live in Slovakia their whole life sometimes they struggle to not to have proper accent and, exactly, mostly because the vowels are different in Hungarian
No idea, but I personally value freedom Android system gives me
I've never heard about this
It would be best if you could just pay for public transport with your regular Credit Card
E.g. I live in Slovakia which can be considered a small country (5
And this should be clear reason for action.
After him followed a populist government that promised to make life easier for the people and all that government did was redistribute the wealth that the previous one had accumulated for the country.
century - 906/7 - Great Moravia
People were genuinely surprised when she had to go to jail
But Target is nicer
We just think people from Caribbean or Africa do not belong here.
And I love cheering for the underdogs
The very fact that he can voice his opinion proves the opposite.
No, only some crazy right-wingers.
Glad that doesnt really happen.
please, do your beast from your high seat in thr UK, you sure do know best
So I continued going in the right lane, which was completely empty, but as the road was curved, I didn't know how far
I heard you can communicate pretty well together
define sandwich
They usually proceed to Germany/Sweden/UK and usually lie about their age and their country of origin.
Cucktin Trudeau should listen carefully
I am here because I got a full ride scholarship to a great school, then fell in love with an American, and stayed here
2) No
Slovakia is the last member state of the European Union without a mosque.
Two separate territories are also easier to attack from sad Hungary (Trianon) and Poland (Tesin dispute and border conflicts).
When foreigners think we are still Czechoslovakia or we speak Russian
Though Croatia, and possibly Slovakia and Hungary should be on the other side of it.
I fucking love German soft drink culture, with the glass returnable bottles and selection of drinks, just fits my taste perfectly
Red herring that didnt change anything.
Slovakia- we have very corrupted system, few financial/investment groups and ,, oligarchs,, running the show and stealing money from government and EU funds left right.
Almost same in Slovak language
Thats a bridge
Áno, použivamé vela dlžnou a mäkčenou
He blocked Smer party candidates for constitutional judges.
Long time ago, I already concluded green mankini and banks with potassium salt would be a goldmine in the center of Nur-Sultan or Almaty
They officially shortened their English name earlier this year.
I can't help compare Romania to Finland - both countries got their independence around 1900 (more or less), both fought against the Soviets and then against the Nazis, both fell under the Soviet influence (but in different ways and degrees).
My guess is that it's a caricature to showcase both points of view.
Maybe he really is talking about something else
Nope, but apparently they measured 40C in 2007.
Other is going via shady organizations which serve as a cover up for laundering money to LDPR.
well, better than the current opposition but still leaves a lot to be desired
Both my siblings live in czechia, and also i have many slovak friends living in poland,  austria, germany, switzerland, denmark, nederland, estonia, croatia, spain
Almost nothing works properly
The first three countries with the lowest GINI index is Slovakia, Slovenia and the Czech republic.
I live in the richest nation in the world and it's super cool for he 1%, but the rest of us are not doing so well.
Thank you for educating our ancestors during the monarchy, some of our greatest Slovaks studied in Czechia/Moravia
But abroad people expect you to say "I'm fine". Nothing more and nothing less, regardless of how you actually feel :D
In 1914 it was like 70H-10S,the rest Czech and German
Probably the widespread ignorance towards certain issues
We gonna build the wall and make EU pay for it!
Long live the EU, and hopefuly Biden wont dissapoint with NATO and demand bullshit he does not understand, like Trump did
(obviously that's a stretch, but who doesn't dream)
dobrý = good singular
* ten (this)
For example Bilbo Baggins was translated in the first Slovak version of The Hobbit as Bilbo Lazník (lazy is the name for very small villages in mountains with scattered houses in certain parts of Slovakia), and in the second translation his surname was changed to Bublík (really can't find the connection between Bublík and Baggins, since Bublík sounds like something related to bubbles or some shit)
Basically they would produce products to expensive and too uninnovative to be a reasonable buy
Then there is this "Brussels' dictate" thing, but I'm not sure it's "government don't want you to know" thing since some parties even within our government really like to use this one
OK this may have led to me being scared of driving, because never really gotten into it, because I moved to the capital city as soon as I got my licence
so we never had a school trip again..
Esztergom, that's a pretty town
Don’t use taxis, especially the ones that park near main station and wait for customers
it's a legal definition thing
football fans know, because RB creates many plastic clubs that everyone is angry on
Sometimes there are some small cucumber seasons at other times, but that is not all that common
Workers smoking or some shit
Both are also used as in "generic old person" and outside our region people use these pair but don't adhere to this rule
Yeah, what is even going out
Like India, or any third world country with shitty labor laws
*sigh*
Červený kameň has very impressive ones; some are also beneath the Nitra castle but they are accessible only on special occassions, once or twice a year (btw
[wiktionary] says:  from Latin *Codania*, from Sinus Codanus (“the Baltic Sea”)
Alexander Dubček - Czechoslovak president before 1968
Me too
To be fair, I freaking love bidets they need ti become a thing everywhere
German and Slovak
I was about to say Mapy
He said but its okay
Google could easily remove all the videos and they would still not break anything
Seriously, we watch the same movie during Christmas, like the same sports, eat the same food, drink the same alcohol, understand each other, listen to similar music
Hollande even more so but was pushed to accept sanctions and Mistral.
Or else it would be called....Slovakia.
Most of the people not as the primary source of heat
They made some progressive reforms and focused on international clients.
First investigation was, despite Financial police request, thrown off the table by Ministry of Interior police department.
I love Spacelab
Where were you
Yep, it's Hungarian
Oh those random apartment block, no street line
We suck lately
The map is obviously exaggerating things.
When compared to Czech beer, it's definitely weaker, but it's not bad at all and since Zlatý Bažant '73 came, it has probably become my favourite mass produced beer, I rank it even higher than Krušovice or Pilsner
I have the suspicion that this respect won't be divided equally among the Slovakian people.
This week it only failed by 1 vote
Yuri Gagarin didnt smoke, didnt drink and trained all his life in order to spent 108 minutes outside the USSR xD
Well, the west hates the east, the east hates the west, so I think the neutral zone is somewhere in the middle
I thought it was some other slavic language
I would add also that some words from OP also exist in Slovak, 2 of them with slightly different meaning:
in then UK there were Poles for decades, many came during and after WW2, but those people assimilated and died and huge immigration wave post 2004 that hit the UK was seen negatively and Poles were No.1 immigrant group from that wave.
when the air is stale - "it smells in here like Tsarigrad (an archaic name of Istanbul)"
send their greetings to you, emperor famous
Bro, beer is like 13,000 years old and you listed some discoveries, not inventions
I mean the first time I have seen bar fight was when I studied in UK and it was wow like in the films
Same in Slovakia
I found that the sentences have a similar structure, as opposed to say, from Slovak to German
But you *are* exactly somewhere in between those first two, aren't you
They still have the old Tatra trams in Pyongyang, you know
I think you shouldn't take result of referendum as something ultimate, because people can change opinions.
Even adults make mistakes with pekný muži instead of pekní muži. It should be all written with i. And y should be used only in foreign words
We use it to describe a weird thing or a machine
Let me jump on this bandwagon of EU word maps with the most important word of them all
... also I dunno anybody else tbhh except maybe that Sula guy
i do not doubt for a second that many shits have been lost
Thay didn't polute so much
The only thing, which sort of saved it was Nesebar, that town is just beautiful
The Kingdom of Hungary had tonnes of castles, towns and such, so it would lend itself well to the AC open-world formula
Its amazing for joints health
Yeah that's what I thought
Unlike communism that can NOT exist unless human beings literally get trough biological evolution
Great Moravia gained bishop and church there wasn’t controlled by Frank bishops (for a while)
/s (kinda)
Boston marathon bombing when reddit itselfmisidentified the attacker.
Choco with alcohol would be a deadly combo for me
It's only offensive if you ask "So your great-grandparents were Austrians, then?" in Slovakia...
This is actually something people abroad should take as an example
They didn't. The ban is only on single use plastics by 2021 (straws, utensils etc
Progresívne Slovensko: left-wing progressives
Am i afraid that somebody comes at night and tries something stupid
I have never ever been in such a cold damp houses
There are clearly other elements at play.
I have never been to neither, even though I have heard great things, but I always assumed it was a Sweden/Norway situation where it was very similair cultures.
Slovakia was also only country that paid Nazi Germany to export Jews into death camps
I've been looking at it for 10 minutes
Actual accents and words of a former Slovak minister
I must say I'm guilty of taking pictures at cemeteries
I think it comes down to the fact, that seeing black person for example is really rare
Seps have in their inventory weapons that are exclusive to russian military only!
People here dislike Putin and his political stances and what Russia is turning into under him.
Ah yes, detachable prefixes
wtf where
1939-1945 First Slovak State
* no (informal yes)
If they immigrate to the country no problem, I know some, but the pub crawls parties are the worst
As for Slovakia, we are alright i guess
Us Slavs (apart from the Bulgarian and Macedonian traitors) don't have articles, so it's usually pretty difficult to use something in place of nothing
20€ for 600/300 here
What a lifehack
[Bald] explain
A really stupid choice, we Slovaks know why
Things you were used to are being replaced all over the place.
Like Fico before elections was days from declaring jihad on all immigrants, screaming about it 24/7 because he saw in polls that people take on that.
Well that's what happens when people become celebrity
There is nothing manly about this behaviour
If a large part of the Polish society feels as if they're losing out from the EU membership, they will vote accordingly.
Ah shit, here we go again
Invited Warsaw pact tanks to shut down the Prague Spring of 1968
Dont panik
In Dark Souls 3 the main protagonist is refered to as Ashen one.
In uk knifes are illegal per se, but police can do pretty much nothing about it, because everyone ha so many rights
Their programme is clearly leftist with dependency on state and every leftist deas and people who vote them are typical slovak demography of such party, people that desire social packages and strong support of government.
This was mainly to prevent deflation
One even told me not to trust the other guy because he's a liar.
Heh, I used VW golf several times and I think it's the perfect and most suitable car for my city: it fits everywhere like a glove and doesn't spend too much gas
God damn I hate time
China is already invading Europe
Hungarians and Romanians are natural enemies
Maybe the Poles or the Hungarians would be interested
It's also on every second car as a bumper sticker.
Maybe he's just repeating what liars told him, who knows
Can You do a Slovak version too please
I like Italian, Russian, Serbian and Spanish.
Fundies gonna do fundie things
OK, I see your hot take on alternative history based on pure conjecture (well, and an unwavering servility to the interests of the Russian state) and raise
Is it really that bad and depressing how people say it is
the word 'pivo' is constructed the same way as 'jedlo' where both mean 'thing to drink/eat'
Add brits claim this sub is against them, when they can brigade and circlejerk every thread alongside the americans.
We even have our own kind of memes called "stokarske memes" (something like white trash memes) which embrace our alcoholic / gambling / drug culture and are generally written in poor language lots of grammatical mistakes
Surprised nobody mentions that
Regardless of that I think the USA is wealthy enough to make universal healthcare work and benefit from it
Roght, so [Hilary Clinton] is also a Nazi ? Or [Bernie Sanders] ? Or [Hilary] again, or [this girl] ?
Yes, it is
Well I live 2km from AUT border and I dont think many here can make that claim.
Group A and C are racing for votes while Group B is just trying to survive
Yes, Europe is great
This does not extend to food only, you can easy-peasy find differences in a wide variety of detergents for example.
Majority of posts are in english.
Slovakia today (1993-)
Police without guns are more uncommon than the armed ones
There is actually a polish youtuber living in north korea if i am not misstaken, but i dont remember the name
I love them as a kid because it eas the only place I wasnt sick and still do
In Slovakia, gas is generally available in all cities, towns and villages.
man, I wish
Wilders has pretty decent chance of winning elex, but small in forming the government because of large number of parties within Dutch parliament.
) because Sulík 'wasn't listening to his orders'. This was the lat drop I guess
A ton of my classmates went on to study in Prague and Brno and don't plan on coming back.
Eh, it's fine
Personally, I preffer rolling tobacco.
tak jest
You might say that western and Eastern Europe have different traditions and ideas but we’re fundamentally the same deep down, as there’s not that many things that we differ in
The Line
And again
Fillion got large share of votes from non-Republicans who went to vote in order to prevent Sarko from getting there.
I have always seen them in TV, this trio babiš, okaumra and the pirate guy
Although we were german satellite
They really annoy me too
Can you please point out on the doll where did my post touched you?
Slovakia has one of these too
All leaders were basically retards
That's usually covered by insurance.
The rotten one
so Ella, Elena, Elia and Elaria, Eleonora, Elinor are O.K.
But I’m glad that things are changing for the better, and that the quality of the goods and services is getting improved
I like to checkout where I will stay on holidays or how to get somewhere with a car
Said that lot of his white english friends were bit scared of that neighbourhood but he never saw anything that bad, except generic weed smoking and dealing on every corner.
I mean more like from a historic perspective.
it's an OK flag, but makes confusion with Slovakia easy.
From what I know about Duda
There are streets where it can't even drive through or fit in parking spots, and I would spend half my salary just for gas
You can get water anywhere on Mars, while on the Moon it's only in some craters on the poles that never get sun (which doesn't help you with getting power).
I’ve got to know more about it only because of having a Spanish boyfriend
Those small things you had no idea that existed, will be mentioned and you are like oh Finns do that, I had no idea
Fillion is meanwhile neck-deeps in shit and now judge is summoning him before the court while Macron is keeping his program for later when all candidates will be busy discussing the usual shit.
Bratislava is definitely nothing like it was portrayed in the Eurotrip movie
But what could the database be used for other than identification?
LOL, out of all countries, Poland and Hungary are the ones to think USA is doing fine the most
Most people hate them over here and I haven't met a single person that's racist towards actual black people
23 Polish, 13 Bulgarians, 3 Latvians, 3 Romanians, 2 Estonians, 1 Czech, 1 Hungarian, 18 ukrainian, 5 Georgian, all died in Iraq, a war started no other than the Us and the Uk.
I'd expect you Scandinavians to only use dishwashers with closed circut of water, powered by biomass generated from food leftovers from the previous run
Hi everyone, I have a quick question about border crossings in the Schengen area.
. .
This makes me happy
Slovakian to me as a Croatian/Czech speaking literally sound like you got a Croat in his 40 to learn Czech.
And there has been no war since
Well thats probably the only place people go into
The continent of Europe is divided by exactly that.
Technically speaking, even slavery is a form of liberty of the slave masters, but it must be put aside for the liberty of those who could become slaves.
Probably swap the populations of Slovenia and Slovakia, just for shits and giggles.
" ?
Or what is going on
It's hell to integrate to your power grid, and even worse to maintain.
About our universities
Nevertheless, we do better for ourselves if we can get on with it - not forget, but get on with life as it is dealt to us.
This is Soviet era style propaganda and reality twisting.
"*Džon mejd his vej tu a tavern thrú d dark forist, ounly tu fajnd aut det hí forgot d many*".
Mesiac = Moon (masculine)
Both of us are the "smaller bro" to Czechia and Sweden respectively, we have similar population size, we both feature blie/white jerseys, and we both are pretty good drinkers and just get along well
Is it a guy you are married to by any chance
At the time all the people working were "creating values", the main idea for communism as a nationwide system (which even contradicts itself to great degree) was that, people who work in manufacturing will be owners of the mean of production
&#x200B;
Good luck for everyone 30>
Amended 22 times since then
We have Czechs
Which is another stupid thing they want to implement
The city of skalica has been one of the 3 centers of fight against Magyarization in Slovakia and has been the capital city of Slovakia for like, 6 days in 1918
The map doesn't show PPP, but purchasing power.
We get them a lot in Bratislava on Saturdays, Fridays and it can get wild
He called the UN (in Slovak it's Organizacia Spojenych Narodov) as Organizacia Spojenych Nadorov (United Tumours)
King Svätopluk of Great Moravia
You rather find that immigrants fill the gaps in the market where we are missing skills
What social fracture that was already there
Reds who took control of Hungary after 1918 put an end to any hopes of changing borders for you.
And thats the fact I learned on reddit, because obviously I was not paying attention in school
It is just nice
Like our political situation is a mess, but we at least don’t do stuff that worries the rest of the EU so that’s a win
EDIT: Wow, I can only imagine how much attention would I have got, had I not made a typo in the header :/.
If we try to force it, it will fuck everything up.
I have serious doubts that British or any other skeptics would want that, yet many so called eurosceptic people say the same.
Good thing that I had train tickets to several other cities in the region or otherwise I would be really dissapointed with my trip
I don't see it as awkward
Only when whole continent finally gets over this whole Macedonia name thing we can consider 90s over.
Peugeot is going upmarket with their new models to the semi-premium level targeting for the VW costumers, Opel can be the conservative, good value for money brand the same way as Skoda and Citroen is the more design oriented/quirky alternative, the same way as Seat(not very quirky but more so than other VW products).
They sure love to tamper with markets
That's a very simplified way of looking at it imho
Pig's snout, mare's arse, slaughterhouse cur, unchristened brow
Buy one at the border that's what I did....after being stung by the popo in Slovakia for not having one.
Yes, the situation is hard
car - sounds like a slang for penis
The translator changed the names of the founders of Hogwarts (Godric Gryffindor is suddenly Richard Chrabromil, Rowena Ravenclaw is Brunhilda Bystrohlavová, Helga Hufflepuff is Brigita Bifľomorová, only Salazar stayed the same) and translated Hogwarts to Rokfort, instead of Bradavice
Where the embassy is located, emergency numbers and so on
I mean white Americans are what 3rd to 10th generation of Germans, Poles, Jews, Italians, Scandinavians,Irish, English and so on.
Plus we already know commies bad
Living in Bratislava now and I can say I liked it better before when I went there only for a trip
And let's be honest, whole Slovak national revival period is heavilly romanticized by most Slovaks as well
For me personally it's Chocolate or cake
but do you honestly think 1375 people is a small sample
Now, we just need to finish the second part
So, you're saying I need to get an investment property outside of Stockholm that will make it easier to move to Sweden if the dumdum wins the election in November
We have a place called Horny Bar
(Since the dude i was replying to is one) Because let's be honest, when does a western european comprehend that it's possible to be from Slovakia but not be a Slovak.
And it can sometimes be cheaper than buying locally (it usually doesn’t happen though, but can and does still happen sometimes)
thats delusional, as a EU supporter i think its time for EU officials to take their heads out of their asses before those lunatics kill european union with all its potential
I don't think it is somehow strange.
Even after all that shit, 20 percent of French intend to vote for that slime Fillon?
I have a hard time not seeing a stag in Prague
I've read about it in Slovak newspapers.
People that are therr for years or generations are.
We usually just refer to each others by their name
I myself, a Slovak, have still problems using 'dress' as a singular, since in Slovak it's plural
and about half of the mail going to Slovakia.
Thrice the pensions is a strong argument and it resonates within public.
In Austria-Hungary, which we were a part of at the time, it was Ministry of War
My calorie counter app has all nutrients listed in it as well so I'm fine, thanks for your concern
And it's dirt cheap, so that's also a plus.
you know what
Large cruise ships will be parked 5 miles off Libya coast and all migrants applying for asylum will be placed there.
Litteraly same thing happend to my dad, mom got tested and found out she had covid and since dad had some health problems his doctor told him he has to go there asap
Well, the actions of the Entente after the war were the main reason why WWII was even possible
With our reservers of mineral water
May the paws and purrs be with you as we finally get hold of all the resources of humankind and unite all survivors into one entity
i have been all over Uk ate at the best pub even where the menu was 30pounds and was like yeah ok
Scottish
[Tublatanka - Spálená láska]
I agree with you, that it is not only about cheap labor, otherwise car makers would have built plants in Africa, where salaries are the lowest.
Later the Principality of Nitra was formed which consisted of majority of modern day west and central Slovakia
for people from Slovakia both Czech and Polish sound funny lol
Honestly, it's the same as always
Putting Slovakia and Slovenia next to each other is just evil
Honestly fuck the people that go out and spread this shit
Well Slovakia celebrates both candle protest and velvet revolution (or gentle revolution as they call it) separately.
Ukraine is on the same team with western Slavs, with "dyakuyu" (PL: dziemkuyem, CZ: dyekuyi, SK: dyakuyem)
I don't think they have anyone clever who knows about geography at customs in USA
Your joke reminded me of another
There is even book and a movie about it, called [the Rift] One of the better slovak horrors
Ours parliament is separated to three groups
First I moved to England now I live in Hungary.
It's one/five for me
And somekind of balkan gangsta rap -Ak47 and shit...
And Ukraine
I read that Basque is one of the most difficult languages to learn and to be at native's level
Because that same government triggered it.
Post-communist countries, assuming that you're talking about eastern europe, have always been an integral part of the wider European civilisation.
Wait what this isn't normal elsewhere
(I’m not nationalistic at all, to neither side)
I assure you Slovakia also has tourist traps to offer but again, they are eclipsed by the Ukrainian
The 60% ratio is not fulfilled by most countries, only Luxembourg, Denmark and Sweden do it in Western Europe along with the Baltics, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and Slovakia in the East.
There are always going to be people in power
Also they are gender separated and I consider it a bullshit
I know only about Bucovina
About big towns, we don't really have them big, there Bratislava and then other bigger places as Košice, Žilina
That's cute in Slovakia 80% of students would go to different country if they could.
Past few days I thought my dick would freeze off.
“The other clear solution to preserve the euro would be a transfer union like the one that has long existed between Germany’s federal states,” Mr.
As long as Hungary doesnt have Slovakia, im happy
I don't see what's wrong with having evidence before passing judgement ?
Go there and ask the people there
However I would never ever want to be born there
Google could easily remove all the videos and they would still not break anything
Like these young Poles left for some reason and if Poland is unable to motivate (reasonably large number of) these young Poles back, then Poland is still the same shitty place and many Ukrainians with residence in Poland will seek opportunities to plumbing in Netherlands, Germany instead of shitty Poland...
Am i afraid that somebody robs us while we are not at home
Here people don't bother with glass since they're lazy and don't give a fuck about the environment, they will rather throw away tons of plastic (granted a lot of it is gonna be recycled but still)
Just link any early Arnold Schwarzenegger interview
I did some investigation, and Michalovce region should also have dots for following villages: Budkovce (1498 inhabitants), Drahňov (1507), Lastomír (1187), Malčice (1503), Markovce (1017), Moravany (1047), Nacina Ved (1815), Pavlovce nad Uhom (4628), Petrovce nad Laborcom (1063), Pozdišovce (1310), Rakovec nad Ondavou (1072), Vinné (1843), Vrbnica (1163), Zalužice (1171)
Why would someone want to take even more, when you already have taken per capita more than any country?
I mean most of these friends are all armed with things that can wipe the friends out of existence.
Lot of super expensive parties and people basically glued to each other in pools
you are right we should expand it, Hungary it is
Lobotomized dickhead with speech impairment Kotleba is another example of an imbecile misinterpreting history
Created in 1992
But for me are funniest city names after near objects - Modrý Kameň (Blue Stone), Červený Kameň (Red Stone), Cinobaňa (Tin Mine), Lúky (Meadows), Nová Baňa (New Mine), Senohrad (Hay Castle) and best of all, Kuchyňa (Kitchen)
And it was by metres per kilometer with trees
though the reception isn't as good as the big threes
Slovakia in comparison with the rest of the World is still roughly on the same level as it was back then.
This is a common feel about Hungary in western slavic countries.
For example, a few deputies wanted to start a parliament session with Lord's Prayer
No one ever said he hates animals.
Somebody put ottoman empire down in comments, so I might put Samo's Empire here, we are pretty proud about that thingy, whilst it lasted
/ If I want to be honest, it's normal for Slovakia to have a better GDP growth since it's a poorer country than Czechia with lower wages, and so on.
Your logic here seems to be "I don't like it, therefore it's the same".
You may get a valaška for that
Sometimes people try to smuggle cigarettes in some hidden compartments of their car but due to Schengen the border is heavily monitored
Formerly bedrock of Torries support switching during her premiership to Labour and later to SNP, never looking back on Torry days.
And lof of potential for the gangs
Slovakia is more traditional, so Church had fertile ground to re-establish its sphere of influence.
Everyone's talking about Poland but Slovakia seems to be doing great too!
Its the successful parts and the failed parts in one
We use it like "thing we don't want to waste time remembering how it's called
For real
Do you realize that Czechoslovak independence from Austria - Hungary was direct consequence of World War
Well Hungary was founded in 895 that was the year they entered this land
Lots of people in those expensive looking houses barbequing and just chilling with a beer looking at the sea
You already have such system in your car.
Germany
Even 50% is more than half a million Hungarian speakers
You had war on your island over decade ago.
Trump is at least very transparent about his wall :D
> ~~Identity~~ politics is a cancer upon society
Cities which do have skyscrapers are those which were bombarded in the WWII because they had to rebuild basically from scratch and technology was able to produce skyscrapers
I knew about every single one of them, even approximate locations for some reason(i'm not boasting I just happened to know all)
damn i’d simp for slovakia
Also according to [Wikipedia] when Germany surrendered in the evening of May 8th, it was May 9th of Moscow time already
Anyway, in late years of monarchy Slovak-speaking nobility was naturally shrinking
Also I feel within Europe they are the best when it comes to discussing politics and philosophy on daily basis
The reason for this is because in Turkish culture loyalty to the state is sancrosanct
UN official number is FYROM I know, but those disputes are pathetic.
V čem má být háček
It aint like they havent been doing for decades now
But I was just confused, why is it so different and I found, you ministry of
I was at the station exactly one year ago and it was quite chilling to think about what happened at that place not too long ago
Definitely the [Apollo Bridge] in Bratislava
So well
because even countries that were occupied by Russia like Slovakia and hungary are becoming pro-russia because they identify with traditional values.
Australian PhDs got refused residency or the right to bring their spouse and kids to the UK, but a Romanian or Slovakian could have no problems whatsoever.
mostly to Austria, Poland, Hungary and Czech Republic
Lo capiscono tutti, per esempio nella serie Suburra
The food portions are huge and I hate wasting food
One of typical stories from that era: report local Jews, aryanizate their property, after war change your coat to communist party and report anyone who would have enough courage to say anything against you
Oh, and don't mention French
Italy, Croatia, Austria and Germany are the ones I visit the most.
> Also, probably what I’m most curious about, what were your feelings when emigrating and upon the arrival to the US
also, any reason to paint nudes is obviously a good reason -even if it's to depict man-eating monsters
And the walk of fame, just a dirty street full of people stuffing you with their rapper CD or people selling tours to see stars houses
But I think it is unfair how people criticize Americans and our romantic view of Irish culture.
Though I heard about *Lunochod* witch should have been a hint
*(In general, most of the time, Czechoslovakia was run by Czechs, or at least thats what many Slovaks believed
Skrattar du vorlarar du
As a Slovak, I can't imagine 2 languages being even closer without being just dialects of one language
"čo si maďar
The Alps are bigger than Tatras, Hungarian spa have already gained world recognition (unlike Bardejov, Dudince or Piešťany), beer and drinking/partying tourism is more developed in Czechia, Germany has larger and more beautiful castles (yes, I know they're not neighbours, but whatever), Poles have more infamous concentration camps
you were clearly the better team STOP
Even the younger generation is quite conservative
Eastern Europe in this case is political and not geographical term.
We also call The Netherlands Holándsko, which translates to just the state of Holland, and not the entire Netherlands
That was Signal festival
For all I've learned from hobby finger-travelling on Google Earth, Lunik IX might even be worse than Łódź.
some parents switch to hungarian
You could still find a stack dating from 1994 to the early 2000s in my children's room
Did it count, when the ball hit the bottom bar
Damn true
Worked in Scotland, so they figured it will work in England too.
to their credit, few knew we split peacefully and are now two countries but vast majority's reply is "Aaaah, Czechoslovakia".
idiots got internet
Marián Kotleba, leader of nationalistic party, he got 8 percent of votes.
I have no information on resources available on Moon.
In Czech it's a cat
It is realistically impossible to make informed choice in every complex field of today's life.
And on the other hand we have to consider ideas on how to increase voluntary repatriation – my idea is that we **concentrate** illegal migrants with **in** basic **camps**"
People always forget you exists Malta, so you are good
TatraTea is only a very recent brand and I feel it still needs some time to gain more recognition worldwide
I don't speak French
The communist party recieved a lot of credit for liberating the nation, plus they were better funded and organized on account for Soviet support, but the elections themselves were legit, as evidenced by the fact that Slovakia voted predominantly democratic/conservative.
Hungary
In fact, we could see them committing most of these crimes on TV
I was hoping to learn about some really oddly specific foreign words and explainations, how did people learn them
Thanks to former ties between Czechoslovakia and Cuba and even to this day at least some articles about Cuba people have some knowledge about Cuba
Yeah cause we're just like them.
Poland
Crusade 2
Nah, we need to be called Slovenia
I have randomly happened to know the word for bat in Serbian is šišmiš, but it hasn't got me any date yet :(
edit: using the same logic you could come up with a word for air: dychlo
lmfao that's genius
You can make it as long as you want as there are many beautiful places on the way or slightly off route.
Party is - LSNS - Which means - People´s party our Slovakia - their leader is described as fascist by our media/with questionable past/ - Mr.
Me personally i am a fan of big social safety net etc
Don’t forget about us
My ex was arabic, and to say I learned so much about a sacred art of proper pooping
Translation is the same as in English except there's added knees and toes line
Given who is opponent, left would swallow that bitter pill and still go to vote for him but TBH I think he is done.
Yet, in your defence, it fascinates me how quickly you are progressing with the A1 motorway recently
I am a big fan of pasty thought
BeNeLux CRINGE
If they fear being attacked by NATO why don't they join
Unlike half-moon, Sun also is a star
Slovakia got no more traffic that NZ
People are asking what customers can do in response
If you count being free as being in two-nations country then we have been free since 1918
Many persuade higher education.
Small talk is probably even weirder in Slovakia than in Germany
Czechia, Slovakia, **Poland**, Hungary, Slovenia and Croatia were always Central Europe - not only geographically but more importantly culturally.
Executive 1: Yep Edward seems right
The mountains are beautiful with great hikes, the food is phenomenal, it's just very calming.
If it was good, they'll say so and explain why
IDK, if you have a source, share it
He stole the staff and is about to steal the scythe as well
Same applies to Slovakia to a certain degree.
So it can be reversed
to iron clother - bigľovať - from German "bügeln"
So yeah, just like anywhere else, when you tend to get wasted, just don't pick the wrong person to fight with :D
What Made Me Want to Live in Different Countries?
BTW, I remember drinking in a different bar in Italy, in Turin, where I had a pretty good English conversation with the patrons, but the drunkest one of them clearly called me a Mongol in Italian at one point in front of his buddies, assuming I won't notice, thus he instantly proved himself wrong
How many times do I have to tell Poles to learn to use š,č and ř, because half of the letters they write, namely z-s, are simply **not there**!
Not in this case, I think the sentence in Russian would be "Spasibo za tsvety" (?)
Wow, That's a really interesting cultural convention, I'll pass it along.
If it was good, they'll say so and explain why
It was called Ministry of war during the first (Czechoslovak) republic
They do good work
Like someone brown skinned, or specifically from kaukaz
Every US jackass and alt-right morons in Europe are the "experts" in this topic, better than all parisians who never heard of one.
The propagandistic intensity of the Serbian news jumps out of the screen.
Kinda misunderstood question
Eastern Slovak dialect is influenced by both German and Hungarian
But this idea is me like, so (I)'m join even if it looks ridiculous
The Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Hungary all have higher GDP (PPP) per capita than Greece, and the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania and Estonia all have it higher than Portugal.
I expected us to be somewhere below zero, given the situation here and all :P
By that definition almost all cars are luxury cars.
So hard to find mates that are into Kraftwerk
We already do
I looked it up and it's terrifying that it was still used in 1974
Executive 1: Oh Danish price married a commoner, let use that
Both are also used as in "generic old person" and outside our region people use these pair but don't adhere to this rule
Definitely not enough in Slovakia
For a bit of fun, the current Vice president of USA won't have a meal with another woman without his wife present as per the Billy Graham rule for pretty much the same reasons
I can put together a couple of simple sentences in German, but I shiver when I imagine learning French from scratch
It can be filled with jam , raw vegetables / fruit, chocolate,  various creams etc
KURV4
Guys, please
Over the decade I wanted to ditch that plastic gigant to side of the road so many times...but I just figured that if I stuck so long with it, I may as well bite it and last those 10 years.
Always look at the bright side of life.
In about 4 years, we also plan to shut down the largest coal-fired power plant in the country
You know it’s bad when you actually think in English instead of your native language
And do I have to do with Kosovo?
That must be a freaking hard job
Western Europe generally benefits from it
Why would you remove it
They are also outside UK and they do fine as well
Hows the car starting
Our government does not know how to tackle it, and even kinda supports this view of the world
The information in media is very one sided
It's "madloba" in Georgian, "obrigado" in Portuguese and ~~"eucharistio"~~ "efharisto" in Greek, I believe
or [158] or 150, or 155 in some EU countries
So just like we fight nazism and communism, we should fight radical islam.
I'm from one of the countries that joined NATO after 89 and I can confirm to you that it was willingly.
Just to make it worse
Or something like China and other east asian communist countries like Vietnam
Otrok in Slovakia means child but in Serbia it means slave, nust be coincidence
That means renting is also expensive and hard to find one outside of the bigger cities and even in the big cities the quality of offers is often poor
But dont we all love the mountains
Good ol' hanging by the neck or piercing a hook through the ribs
For getting you to the destination or ... ? I mean it sounds cute but we definitely dont talk to inanimate object ... apart from phones
yeah but kiev was and in the past few years i've learned thats the only place that matters anyway
Sorry to interrupt, but for example here the public transport in cities works the same way, you can get on the bus by whichever door you want and just sit down or stand and get off whenever you want
Halušky
European cities also centered around castles and so that is something US never had to consider in it’s planning
I'M SURROUNDED BY MAD MEN, MAD MEN I SAY
122 mil
Rehabilitation / Quarantene / Prevention > Punishment / Revenge.
Packages are either delivered by courier and signed off, handed over at post with identification, or if you want at a shop which participates in 'zásielkovňa' in which case you get a special code
Not very historical but rememberable
In the Slovakian village Mošovce lies the most Slavic gate.
My most favourite moments is when Czech, Slovak and Pole sit behind the same table in one of Tatra cottages, drinking beer after a hike
The land on which your foot want to step,
[The Conservative Party seems to think so.]
Most of the nobility in Slovakia was of a Slavic/Slovak origin
Same
Not really, but we do share a lot of news stories and TV programmes with Czechia, not mentioning movie or TV show's Czech dub, since our languages are so intelligible
In Slovak it's a beautiful girl
Putin refused to go further, but he didn't decide that just out of blue but as a consequence of something.
The Czech republic has this, so does Slovakia, Austria, Switzerland and probably others that I don't know about.
The rules are very random and you just have to memorize them
And he is probably the only one better known yet not annoying slovak youtuber
Probably [Bratislava Castle] since it’s well known
Therefore being an island helps
The best schools are at capitals but I dont think thats where all the students are living permanently
If covid19 has taught us something, its that those stereotypes are true
We had a nazi called Tiso
Give it a few years
So I have fear of Ukraine
No, Iran is trying to get a hold of Irak
The Anglosphere at it again
Either Zahorie (mix of czech and slovak culture) or anything under Bratislava (mix of slovak and hungarian)
Slovakia and Hungary have a huge animosity - about territories and minorities, it goes centuries back.
"I dont need paper when i read" - kpt
It's supposed to "catch" bad looks ("bad eyes") from other people, these looks are believed to be harmful, even induce illness or death
they deserve all the shit racist people in czech republic are able to produce for the fact we have 2nd grade quality food here, for the same if not higher price.
Fuck leave them alone, they could contain damned souls and 2020 is not over yer
don´t recognize such slavery in Slovak country
Man that actually hurt a little inside.
I read your comments in this thread and they were all great but then you just came and shamed the whole country.
Majority of Czechs never heard about it (incl.
For example Japanese, or Swahili can get you some really nice translation jobs
In modern society, a lot of jobs are being and will be automated
Interesting, in Slovakia, a 90k town would be one of the largest towns in the country, but wherever you go except for the mountains, it's filled with villages and small towns, in every possible direction
Short answer: yes
(Kill them
But it doesn't really matter
Maybe it's just my generation, but boys and girls have always been able to enjoy friendships with each other
As it’s the exact opposite of Czechoslovakia at the time, I would be interested in your perspective
fake
Hence why even those on track list, which is huge, slip.
Grandma taught me when i was no more than 7 , she would take her old communist bicycle and make me ride the old dirt roads behind our village
What the hell are "green" parties?
I may not agree with many German politics, but I know no other nation that went through such big self-reflection as they did after the WWII.
I also speak German on B1 level, I am terribly shy when it comes to using it though, so I usually just go with English in other countries
I have gotten so sick when I first got to his place because of the ACs in USA are being set as a stand in for an ice age
As an avid skier I hate apre ski
How does Romans built things that lasts centuries and our buildings and roads are breaking after few weeks
Slovakia, Czechia and Austria have only Capitals blue
Also "anonym" reported to the police that the protest organizators are trying to make a coup
What makes it more confusing for Slovak speakers:
In the evening the does it again: "Good evening Sun".
Breivik has joined the chat
2019 about 50-50 because of people from Bratislava moving in and a lot of young people blurring the line between ethnicities, speaking both languages
From I noticed here, majority of the Europeans(including) prefer jeans and t-shirt, if we talk about outdoors/work/school
It's extremely common
Increase budget for secret services and cut red tape they are bottled in.
well, if I would choose between 2 nights in Milan and Turin and 2 nights in Berlin, I would choose Berlin
I have seen idio.ts here applauding dual education system, few companies are doing it and people were like great finally good example from Germany,, Switzerland and so on/the sad thing is we had it here and then democrats decided it was wrong and abolished it and now when they came up with it again they praise it as western thing.....
At the same time you scream like little bitches how much we hate you and how oppressed you are on this sub.
Most anti german sentiment comes from Kremlin bots and trolls
Czech republic were less involved in axis "business" than France was
We also earn A LOT MORE than in Europe (I make around 4 times what I would in Bratislava, 8 times what I would in Michalovce)
I am interested in reality and real examples, not some sci-fi philosophical "if-then" scenario
What sort of fairy land it this
If you look at the history of the country, there are multiple occassions when someone powerful (Habsburgs, Hitler, the USSR) took over the country and dictated its terms to the people.
It's weird that I instantly knew who said that quote (without hearing it before and before finishing your sentence)
They dont have strong feelings towards them.
We are in the 2016 competition.
During WWI, when Czechoslovakia was just forming, we successfully defeated Russia in a naval battle, despite being a ladlocked country and having no navy
It was discovered during mining operations, I used to play as a kid there
Oh Czech beer is fucking great, we drink it all the time in Slovakia
I agree with Gleb though, his latest album is great
See Sahel, wars been ongoing there for 3 decades now in large part due to shifting climatic conditions that keep people further plunging into poverty and therefore extremism.
Anglophile he might be, but he is French.
I'm afraid You won't enjoy it very much, as it was only a radio talk show, the PM does not even appear on screen and you can only hear his voice, speaking Slovak
1 € : loaf of bread
Because often, these lifestyles are even paid for from their taxes (and if not, it's usually not an honest way anyway)
But Vana Z Vorkuty is from Bijouterrier :D
Also really common among people here is to go grocery shopping to Austria, or for Austrians to go shopping to Bratislava in sunday (shops are closed on sunday in Austria, but open here)
Every time I fly there pilots do pretty insane descends combined with 180 turn.
There is no running water in Slovakia that you cannot drink
This is incorrect
We beat women with a stick made out of willow branches and throw bucket of cold water on them during Easter Monday and then we get chocolate eggs and money in return
In some places and especially young people its frowned upon to buy bottled water
So I think we should have snow leopard.
Implying that people have to get through the fields in order to reach the capital city
True, sometimes people assumed that there was something between them, but that was mainly from the older generation
This color gradient is really odd
Switzerland doesn't.
Anyways relations with Czechia are best than ever
Could you give me please an example
Largest immigrant groups are more visible and if they are recently new they are super visible...
>Most people who own pickups only occasionally use them to carry heavy/bulky cargo, they're used as passenger vehicles most of the time
Here there are two ways to drink coffee usually
Which is great for Western Slovakia, not so much for Eastern or Central.
But I think you can use police in singular too, when you rather mean the whole organization, can't you
Freaking lot of castles, lot of parks, old towns and some mountains
Top kek
Let us prove that our religion is actually not hateful by stabbing people
Disney as fuck
You thank ... the bus
Same in Slovakia
I wonder who made this and if they had any agenda behind it.
Thats nice but we didnt have him
missed couple kids, didn't they
But nature is definitely beautiful, it's great for skiing, for hiking, there are nice caves etc.
I recommend trying out the album Woodsmoke
Who is standing in your way to gtfo?
But there was immigration to France from Italian states, Spain, Belgium, Poles, Jews and so on.
My god, that cathedral is amazing in person
That being said, I agree that he should be more diplomatic when presenting stuff and try to avoid saying certain things in public before having consulted them in private
I'd expect you Scandinavians to only use dishwashers with closed circut of water, powered by biomass generated from food leftovers from the previous run
Every aliance is a good aliance if its not built on lies and deception
[Imrich Karvaš] the governor of the central bank of the short-lived Slovak state during WWII
You will get similar answers everywhere east of the Berlin wall
Or George
Same in Slovakia but 20 years ago.
Tell him that when he goes through the passport control upon arriving to Europe, it is alright if he hands in his driving license instead of the passport
As for the other part - I still have a better idea where to settle in, although I'd love to explore Your country one day
There is [this] popular punk band who once made a pretty funny Rammstein parody, by playing their music style and throwing in random words in Slovak
In my view, thats way better scenario than in germany
So they finally found the hot singles in the area ?
Probably because Poland is the biggest country celebrating it
It's like copy paste macho guys
If Slovakia overtakes us, I swear to Triglav I'll go to parliament and beat somebody up.
As a Slovak who prefers the sea over mountains, I am not complaining
Showing how "European" you are is cringey
Happy Independence Day Litva
Maybe our criminals go to UK :D. But seriously, i see a different problem in UK: Here in slovakia police can just stop you and search you, and once they find something you shouldnt have, you go to jail
Ukraine is also safe, despite the most eastern part being a warzone.
He said union, so Panonian Union/Federation/Republic sound much better imo
It’s fucking atrocious
I've heard so many good things about it, and I desperately wanted to visit it
The russian money didn't do it on it's own, he had to have enough votes
It has no soul
Slovakia - Central Europe
Wow, we (Slovakia) only got rid of it in 2006?
"Yes, we were separated
Yep
Jobbik, just like eg LSNS, are one of those hidden fascist parties.
The new government is proposing ultra left laws so please tell me where is your point of ultra right.
They are in the EU now, they voted to stay and none of the Brexit stuff is their fault
But perfectly skippable, nowhere near the best the otherwise awesome (but unfortunately not too cityhopper friendly) Slovakia has to offer.
japan, south korea, singapore, vietnam (strangely enough)
Gods gifts bringing with them, bread and salt to emperor,
We call you Gruzínsko so Gruzia
Because we are
Maybe if they fuck off with article 13 then I might
Damn you French, how dare you not copy Anglo-Saxon narrative of only nutters like Trump and Farage talking about security?!
Everyone calls it police or some derivate but noooooooo, magyar must use **Rendőrség**.
Are these supposed to be enforced this way
yes
It is believed to be interwoven with caves under whole complex
Interesting, i on the other hand, would like to know more about countries like Portugal, Iceland, Slovakia, and so on.
Was it before or after they start dancing on tables
Andrej Babiš is Slovak *(even though in denial)* and is currently prime minister of the Czech Republic, which means both countries are run by Slovaks now
Yeah like comfy sweatpants and sweatshirts but then i also wear old clothes at home (especially t-shirt that i don’t like anymore)
Not only speaking freely, the whole culture gets screwed and twisted
Also here if something goes down, police shoot (they even carry an attack rifle in their car if i am not mistaken), in UK they can blow their whistle and pray for the best
Same way Ceuta enclave next to Morocco is not Europe.
I never, literally never heard about such term from my cousing who lives in London for over a decade, my friend who lives in Paris or in Sweden where back in 2015 I was travelling on bi-weekly basis due to my work (spent a lot of time in Malmo too).
Hell, I often go shopping to Austria from Bratislava to *save money*.
My point: US White people have a retarded view of their heritage but its a cultural celebration, so lick my tip?
My dad is Czech, my mom is Slovak, I have both citizenships and to say that we have no similarity is so very nuts
It's getting harder to get a loan, house and flat prices go up rapidly and we have very few places to rent
Croatians to move to Czechia or they should made subsidiary in nonEU country to have nonEU employees...
Czechs for
It's what's keeping this country so very deep in s..t
Many people also live in Bratislava and commute to Vienna in Austria for work
I travelled with Italian in Bulgaria
I have checked the reason so now I know it was due to German occupation,
Usually you shouldn't cut it wet
The keyboards are usually Czech-Slovak here, so there are two letters on some buttons for the respective languages
Also a lot of them translate word-to-word, which can result in really bizarre translations (especially when it comes idioms or proverbs)
But that war worked out quite nice for us
One fucker, we just ask for one high-level fucker to sit behind the bars.
благосъстояние - welfare
I presume that these highly educated doctors , engineers, physicists and scientists knew before they took the journey into Europe that we have got tough winter season and therefore they don't burn the refugee camps to the ground, but I also presume that majority of them are employed and already live in their own bought or rented houses with central heating system.
For instance at three PM on august 21st 1968 in the town of Zvolen one Jozef Levák lied down in the path of the convoy of tanks
Zavináč - rolled pickled herring(it also means the same as well here)
8% discounts if you buy stuff above 1888 crowns, old currency, gave 1488€ to a family as charity "randomly")
Not really
Renting a place at 25 is lesa common here than U.S. But what I heard from my age group who are renting, it's very poor in terms of savings
", not something like "Which country's history do you have the most positive relations with
Čaputova forever
Would you be comfortable to lower your chance be a donor of e.g. bone marrow if necessary to your grand/child
It's terrible
We dont really get much tourists unless its our neighbours
If you include minority languages of the same language group, then Rusyns and Gorals are just slightly less intelligible than Eastern Slovaks
And I really like Max or Félix
Everybody is laughing at us now, but we will laugh when our supreme cat army conquers the world
Looking at Torries attitude, option 1 seems off the table.
the other way round
Because you don't have people bankrupting for getting cancer, because you don't have 23 year olds with $200,000 debt and no job eve though they got good education, because people don't have to live in constant fear of any disease as they have no health coverage.
We consider our modern-day country to be created in 1993
after you fucked them up pretty badly too, right
Tasty and rich and . They have many types, but their 16 can get you pretty wooed in head
things which you cannot bring from abroud (except of Foreign workers, which usuallu while in Austria want to earn Austrian wages)
Le Pen wants to leave the EU all together
) We Slovaks likes your shops because of quality
It has been freezing in most of Central and Eastern Europe a week ago too, which is unsettling
Holy shit man, I wouldn't be able to do that every month.
This but unironically
If shit hits the fan (heh), imma just wash my ass, whats the big deal
It is not bound to any ideology or religion
We got our freedom, we got our first country we lived nice and happily, then were betrayed and given to nazis, then became East part of the wall then got some Russian tanks, then the regime fell, that caused lot of corruption in 90 because of the leftovers of the commie power greedily took the money
*slow clap*
I saw dozens of people with matching name on facebook.
In all capitalist countries
Austria - Rakúsko
Yeah, we hate that place too
As a foreigner you'll usually have no problem getting one
Made me terrified
Even that hammer was imported from the EU
Of course not, we were merely a puppet, these kinds of things were decided in Moscow
And when you travel to a different country each country’s operator has its own prices again (which can again differ online and at a station)
"Najčistejšou" - "with the most pure" - comes to my mind, without too much thinking
Czechs have Becherovka, which has been manufactured since the 19th century
Yep, it's the same here, we just call both "mesto".
Everything is French if you want it to be
In Slovakia we mostly meme our politicians (or some minor celebrities)
But I haven’t heard of any big massacres the Slovaks commited
Weeeell, aaaactually, most of the original devs of Beat Saber are Slovaks so
Didnt the revolution cause the split of austria into austria-hungary
I would actually propose Nitra, it used to be the seat of dukes
I love that you stayed in EU, I hope it will show in the future, that it was the right move
EVROTVNELIVM NOSTRVM
Mostly negative, accent and dialects don't have the prestige other countries like the UK has
I have eaten homemade schnitzels with bread on trips with my family so many times that I have lost my count
From 1993 on it feels that, even though still probably culturaly very similiar countries are slowly drifting apart and evolving on their own.
Battlefield 4 Polish Edition
I hope with the recent population survey the number of believers will drop,.
Having a crown there would imply monarchy
Can we have a names
The Moon is usually depicted as male (but in arts, the Moon is called also Luna, feminine) and the stars are usually depicted as girls
In Slovak, we pronounce it with Sh and also the original pronunciation in Hungarian is with Sh
Its very easy to pick you up in a crowd too
Rest in peace
People are into craft beer, you buy nice quality ice cream instead those 2 gallon tubs of sugary crap
I think of the "ah" sound in Slovakia as a sound that opens the mouth wide and that makes me think of the larger shield on the Slovakian flag in contrast to Slovenia.
Just think about all the things you touch with your hands before going to the bathroom.
> Another debate is wether those small breads are called
Asian, not just vietnamese exclusively, I am sure there aren't such sentiments towards vietnamese if that was the question
Even the economies and culture is highly influenced by WWII.
(Cheap local vodka or flavored vodka) so there is still around 50 cents of profit per single shot
I do have a swamp cooler, but the humidity is too high, so it's awful
I agree that EU has build quite satisfactory system of not entirely straight railways, I'm here only for the compulsive mental masturbation
OH yeah, we are definitely, 100% a central europe
If 38% for parties forming Netherlands government is enough (74.6% turnout with 51.4% for VVD and PvdA)...
Collect your internet points
You have sneaky car
My history proffessor said that the Czechia-Slovakia split was one of the most peaceful ones he knows of, with people still speaking of Czechs/Slovaks as brothers and their greatest ally.
Regarding grammar - I would say that one is of a medium difficulty
I'd love to know what's Macron really made of and reading a tldr (biased as it is) from a native is a lot less time consuming than browsing news in a language I don't understand
I agree with you
This is what it means to be a buffer state, this is what it means to be divided and conquered.
Its all about they have the best beer and best pubs and best football leagues and great Christmas markets and so on.
One day they sent them on a beautiful trip from which they were to bring home pleasant memories to keep for the rest of the life and another moment they receive a call...
Spain is also doing the EU's dirty controversial work, keeping illegal African migrants away
slovakian or hungarian companies would still need to deal with western distributors, and they are the ones who decide about quality anyway
In good old days there wouldn't be a difference.
Lizard people have different body structure.
You know, typical backpack get up plus the give me coffee or I die look
Fucking Hungary is more tolerant than us
But we realises unlike NZ we cant keep it for a long time, because we simply have no capacity to
It's a loophole, set up a subsidary in Slovakia.
I mean with a hat and nice overalls
22-23 is my preferred temperature range for living (not too hot, not too cold)
Baked potatoes in the ashes from bonfire
Almost every region has it's own accent
Madrid has no plan on following such example.
The left wants to take voting rights from old people because they voted for Brexit and Trump, the alt-right wants to take voting rights from women because they tend to vote left.
Its everywhere
Generally people seem to bypass us constantly while doing their eastern europe trips, so it actually gets suprising when you meet someone who isn't czech, polish or Hungarian or  Ukrainian
Well, there are obviously those ultra-nationalists who want everything back.
[They're not helping the stereotype.]
There was a huge amount of real estate development since 2011 and still ongoing
And most of its attacks in Europe are by lone wolfs.
It can look to you that analogy is forced, but when this happened people here (Czechia and Slovakia) were really shocked - myself included and whole event was called exactly with this name.
If the number is unknown, you can add your surname as well
We have very little muslim population and most people never saw a black guy
If you learn english you have hard time to pronounce some english words because of different phonetics of course, but this is meant for english speakers
[Are you sure
What about his party is left-wing, then?
Actually, Masaryk's father was Slovak, his mother was Czech
Capital city has probably the best international options for obvious reasons
I really loved that strip of sea you have
Lots of types of products, however also same products that pretend to be different, aka 30 types of cereals, and so on
don´t recognize such slavery in Slovak country
>It was never "the new shit", as communist ideas (on national scale) date back to French Revolution (Conspiracy of Equals)
It's quite intriguing though, I thought Gottfried von Bouillon (Leader of the First Crusade), Friedrich I.
Immigration from countries outside EU is irelevant for this topic.
It is duck with potato dough (also called slovak potato flatbread) with red cabbage
Please do not take as insult, but I am genuinely wondering whether Russian language for Bulgarians would not be rather easy to deal with?
Basically even the nazis that did not believe we could have been germanized were kinda surprised how compatible we were with the 3rd reich and the germans
50€~2€ per meal
I think that kind of contrast is why they did it
I dont care how much of a brother you are to me you come to my country and tell me USSR wasnt that bad?
DNA is a discovery, not an invention
"nadalj" really look a bit like "naďalej" so
You also need to take into account that our starting point was much lower than Czechia or Slovakia -- 50% of EU28 average in GDP per capita in PPS (2005), compared to Czechia's 79% and Slovakia's 60%.
What happened to Finnish people living in that part of Finland which from unknown reason is now Russia ?
They are also much more spread out, unlike the Russian ones with are mostly concentrated in specific areas.
Very beautiful city, loved it so much I'm considering a second visit.
Beards are quite popular amongst my generation, especially the ones with darker hair have always beards
If not, you can buy tickets from machines (pay in cash or debit card), or from the driver (that is not recommended, only for a last minute purchase)
So yeah, I wish you best of lucks Scotland
Sure, we have them too but these two themes are a signature of American culture.
There were demonstrations in the whole country
But here in slovakia we had democratic country and communists got into power by coup dtat, and made it totalitarian
^Don't ^bother, ^I'll ^show ^myself ^out
We have 5 days for visiting doctor and 5 day for going to doc with your relatives, mandatory
So I hope there will be more like me doing the same
On the flipside, Jan Žižka and other hussites were religious fanatics that wanted a theocatic government, not unlike ISIS
"Pánu Bohu za chrbtom" - Behind the Lord's back
- a poem about a fictional event where a roman "czar" sets out to conquer pannonia
From what you have written, I would recomend Rome.
Responding also to your other comments bellow.
My god, that cathedral is amazing in person
But you should see how big russian accent other czech characters had there
Impressive numbers from Czechia and Slovakia.
Whats with the wide gaps between them?
Plus the water in my hometown is delicious
Someone just gets data and doesn't double check if actual results make sense ...
If I remember correctly, it was leaked that this design was made by a Greek which caused rather massive mobilisation of Greeks to vote for this rather underwhelming design
Fuck leave them alone, they could contain damned souls and 2020 is not over yer
I have heard about it, but it's not a thing here since for the most part the spelling is consistent (most part, not always, there are features that make spelling harder, but it's not like the conventional spelling English has)
Every religion was under heavy oppression under Soviet Union.
Svijany is probably a bit better, though
Yes many teleshoppings here are translated from english and clips are from US
if you wanna go to hell
It has more of a negative meaning though
I (Slovak) would have no issue with my country using it's military budget to fight againts terrorists, be it in the Middle east in a coalition with USA or in Africa under French command.
Poland was part of the Eastern bloc but not Eastern Europe.
100 € : 2 pairs of Adidas sneakers
But i respect your opinion, mine is just different and i would definitely vote in referendum against giving more power to EU.
However, Charles' MFF is still the best in teaching math, physics or (theoretical) computer science
Although I would have this summer, if it wasn't for COVID
Foreign affairs don't wanna be called Gruzia (or similar Slavic names) so for example Ukraine call you Sakartvelo
But my permanent residence was still there, because I was only renting a place
Isn't there a society that goes every year to Turku's Kauppatori and jumps on it to sink the city to the sea
[This song] came out only few months ago but it had awesome reviews and I personaly really like it
So the corruption saga continues
Also Vihreät kuulat, although that might be just r/suomi
Kurvy komunistické.
It was very confusing map for me at the beginning
Especially as there are much better places there
But his work is already public, iirc
Because they get associated with bad issues in the religion
I use English everyday when I’m online, I watch everything in English, I used to attend international - English high school and now I have a few lectures in English in college plus most of my friends are from foreign countries and I talk to them daily
No one needs Turkey anymore, best to cut out the useless weight.
[Perinbaba] in Slovakia
Brits are brigading this thread like mad.
While I moved abroad 12 years ago, I am very engaged in Slovak politics
I remember what happened when Jon Stewart mentioned Slovakia on the Daily Show.
He skipped 8 ranks in the army just like that
Personally, I would say that corruption in high politics is worse in Slovakia than in Hungary.
Anyway, I got to it through EU4, since I wanted to have a thematic music
What is pretty common are Chinese/Asian restaurants
Why
You mean you guys dont have Russian accent
I dont understand this
Because the situation is exactly the same as it was back then.
And  Estonia
I love that we get to stay with Czechia, wouldn't have it any other way
Even a person who feels a Russian by all of his/hers heart may have voted to remain if only because s/he had a job in other parts of Ukraine or s/he worked in a company that was sure to suffer a lot by leaving Ukraine, say as a lot of hotels or other tourism related workplaces that largely relied on Ukraine in one way or another.
I mean, yeah, Lego is Danish, but close enough
Instead of staying on the back foot, he ran with it
Not sure if this will appear in the apposite location, but there were some comments here suggesting a media climate of national paranoia in Serbia.
No their official domestic politic is "We only follow rules when it fits our interest"
When they are to actually fight the dragon, one of them yells "Nabíjaj, rýchlo rýchlo nabíjaj" - "Reload, quick, quick, reload
Because from we see you are even more like us than Czechs which is a brother nation, in some cases
So, is there any context to this photo or evidence that he was actually performing the nazi salute ? Because throwing someone under the bus just because of a still image doesn't seem fair, Like that photo of prince William where it looks like he's giving someone the middle finger
Plus it has great atmosphere
at least the beach looks good
Yeah buying Adidas Sneakers for 65 € is the height of luxury for me lol
We should have said to him "fuck you and yo couch" looong time ago
PPPeter i just really like his style of comedy he talks about the countries he visited and everyday things like glasses Gyms Schools etc
Civ5 has that as a bonus with Maria Theresia (austria)
Basically same here 20 € for 4 GB, but considering our wages, it's even worst probably
Our land wasn't enough, now you're stealing our far-right bullshit talk as well?
Customization is way better on Android as well
It's a problem of mentality caused by the past
Our public TV has a lot of Italian content for some reason
TBH I think 10prc is Kotleba limit and SNS with its moron in charge will be picking up votes from Smer.
Kosice - Bratislava of the east, home of the Lunik IX district (gypsy capital) but also of the famous Mojsejovci family (something like the Geissens or Trumps)
I love EU projects, huge fan or Erasmus and Erasmus plus and I just like that we are friends now
&#x200B;
They didn't. The ban is only on single use plastics by 2021 (straws, utensils etc
our country is slowly upgrading speed of our trains as threy are popular amongst sudents as they get them for free
Those are known facts amd there are ranking for it published by many international organizations
I was thinking about them, but was not sure.
In Slovakia there are plenty of Roma/disabled children to pick from and not enough parents to adopt them.
The best thing after a long day is to sit down with the appartment owners, chat and have some rakija
Pretty much the Romani and any and all foreigners are a no go for him (he also hates the remaining 2000 jews in Slovakia).
Yes, Magyarization was a thing that happened, but the unapologetic historical revisionism that seems to be common in Slovakia and Romania is quite nauseating.
American conservatives have never heard of Slovakia lol.
I suppose you cant exactly bribe banking business into staying along as with car manufacturers for example, as tax deals seem rather irrelevant if you cant access different markets.
Nice place to start another World War
[Ever heard of Lunik IX
Many cars that are considered pretty average here are considered luxury over in the US
The mentioned Amorphis does too I think, they even have an EP My Kantele, although kantele is not listed in the instruments played, but acoustic guitar
You see, we are not monsters, we can employ vowels if we want
Lord Buckethead was so right
But looking outside history - at, for instance, economy, we're easily more comparable to Czech Republic, Slovakia or Hungary (which are Central Europe), rather than much poorer East Europe.
They don't need to even try hard, Merkel and her quotas are much better at this job.
How about a roadtrip south to Slovakia?
Being a local, I would definitely recommend you give it another shot again
This can't be implemented under the monarchy and the monarchy was the only thing holding all the territories together.
"/"Are you sure he wasn't Slovak
Can you use Sir if you are a citizen of UK but arent born there?
The same applies to many other countries such as Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary etc.
Most casualties during WWII
I checked and it was 5,759 for Russia and 5,9 for Usa
This is very common, I think some people do it just because of family habits and don't know the original meaning
If there would be referendum in Slovakia about this it would No like 95-99percent of votes
Don't be so sure man, Polish minorities are fucking everywhere and they understand at least 50%
The same in Slovak - veverica
Don't get me wrong I love dogs
an iPhone costs as much as an average Joe earns in a month
Where you from
And when it does, so will 5 EU member states and rest of world.
Yes, usually stains of glue between the sole and leather.I come from Western Europe, and the difference is notable.
My favorite is cars with Slovakian license plates and Greater Hungary bumper stickers.
also they're producing crisps, can't imagine they're making tens of millions out of them
So it's a necessity to include those to have anything called "national" to be meaningful
Slovakia, btw
How old are you
Towards the end of the interview, he implies he himself is considering resignation
Definitely the same in many other countries, but it's just infuriating
I just want a common European Army already so that they can all get out
Very good in general, but you are assuming wrong
80s and 90s were also important in terms of how our country looks today
In Slovakia you give them envelops if you want favorable results or not waiting in line whole day
a half million of Hungarians, Hungarian would be the country's most spoken second language, when excluding English
Depends on the person
Kutná Hora was a very close second until the 16th century
Austro-hungarian heritage ftw
I just love your people
No its not
I think very well know
Why didn't you post 2013 OECD stats/ per capita ?
Its been real guys
Don't call it Czech, tha's an adjective.
If whole of EU (even minus UK) kept their current military budget spending but unified the defense, we would be looking at a budget of around 200 billion €, which is almost as much as US had before the war in Iraq.
In other news, I have been crowned as Empress of Ethiopia
Czech and Slovak (though i think more slovak, may be biased) are great too, its usually few youtubers that keep them going, the current meme that i dare say is our original is stokarske memes, basically horrible grammar and wordmaking and sometimes they use slang as well
During my life I've often visited two towns where the population is decreasing rapidly (about 15 % in 20 years)
And to the examples, like that - alphabet- it looks reasonable, what it looks like in text
Mám to v piči/I have it in my cunt
But I guess UFO bridge is also pretty unfirgetable landmark
Is there any reason you want to go to Bratislava?
This is absolutely not Bratislava
and [makové šúľance]
Does living in a communist state mean you cannot disagree with communism?
Huge disappointment
Germany/german states for most of the century were emmigration states with higher TFR.
And Czechia
They’d cement busted tanks into the ground as static gun positions
3rd Fico gov now is implementing dual-language tables at railway stations that was't in use before.
Surely, Google can tell you more
When Slovakia decided to adopt euro the slovak currency (Slovenska Koruna) was very young and had pretty bad reputation
That we are East Europe
Lol, as a guy from Slovakia, it sounds like a compliment
The Fourth Report on Economic and Social Cohesion (2007) shows preliminary estimates for the period 2000-2013 which suggest an increase in GDP compared to a baseline scenario without cohesion policy, of around 3,5% in Greece and 3,1% in Portugal and larger ones for the new Member States (2004-2013): 9,0% in the Czech Republic and Latvia, 8,5% in Lithuania and Estonia, 6% in Bulgaria and Slovakia, and 5,5% in Poland.
Make two seasons of Yes, Minister out of it and Britain can keep the access to EU markets without open borders.
no way
" pop-out, just wtf is on that list
" The National Council declares that in the name of the Czech-Slovak nation living within the borders of Hungary, only it is entitled to speak and act
I think very well know
It is not even possible to write down in many languages
there, the Tatra mountain as rocky wall is slashed
Most of people are speaking with heavy dialect to the point where I don't really understand them
I now have this fantasy of me doing  Wir fahren fahren fahren auf der *Autobahn*  in a crowded karaoke bar, and i am loving this vision
Dad, is it you here
"Alert all available fillibusters, we have a born and raised Philly to bust
Fico rents the flat for fraction of the cost and Basternak claims he paid 12 million euro in cash.
There is some tension between Poland and Hungary on one side that want to confront the EU head on, and Czechia and Slovakia on the other which are interested in deeper integration.
Russia's Norilsk is the coldest city with over 100k inhabitants in the world.
looks like my grower when i spot my crush
As we speak our own languages between each other, which is pretty weird when you think about it
Slovakia and Czech Republic are not the richest but they still score high because it's a cultural thing that you go for a week to swim in the sea.
I think we all remember how everyone started talking and doing something about GDPR just right as it was coming into effect
Many are very conservative and overly religious
Free trade isn't something you can negotiate per-partes.
Don’t enter restaurants in city centre where a guy standing in front is handing out menus and calling you in
Canceling passports means they can't go overseas and kill innocent people.
Bruh I taught myself to speak in a stereotypical British RP accent, cause I hated my native one
Don't forget our former president, Ivan Gasparovic
Thanks Slovenia for sending us mail each year that was wrongly sent to you, instead of us
Not just Americans
From someone in this thread [
I mean people normally don't bring their 30 years old single malt whisky to those, it's usually just normal alcohol 10 and down per bottle
And what do you visit in Slovakia?
Quite an interesting story though
Last year it got so bad that that it caused blackouts in some regions - on 15th September 2016 we had [surge of 6237MW, which could cause cascading failure in entire Central Europe (Germany, Austria, Poland, Czech Republic,Slovakia and Hungary)]
- Sme Rodina: right-wing conservatives, quite populistic
Where are my Czech brothers
Customization is way better on Android as well
I did think about the subject seriously, though, and I am puzzled if I am used to saying "how" only because it's a calque from my own language (where the sentence would cringe with the equivalent of "what"), or because I am constantly trying to mimic other people when speaking a foreign language and I am curious, *how* do they English properly, or because I have simply heard other people say "how" instead of what
And both his parents were also Slovak
The Sun is neutral, non-specific (like [this] but it can be depicted as male ([this] or female ([this] Or they all can be anything ([this] I feel like there is not just one option
A small factory  or a big house with big piece of land, nice car and still have a lot of money to save
2016 will keep busting our balls till 31/12 it seems
Yeah that's what I thought
Princess Maya and her empire has given up bluffing because there is no other option, just leavers needed a little more time to digest the fact that there is no empire and UK isn't as important as they thought.
I know a guy from Košice who was studying in Ostrava I think and did Erasmus in Kosice  so he was staying at home and getting paid
There are numerous countries with more similar names than Czechia/Chechnya, such as Austria/Australia, Iran/Iraq, India/Indonesia, Mali/Malawi, Niger/Nigeria, Gambia/Zambia, Slovakia/Slovenia and even Georgia/Georgia (a U.S.
Sports aren’t a cohesive field and the current system where each sport has its own national-level association which is funded by the ministry is good enough
Yeah, its really tragic, Soviet citizens and the red army payed the highest price to free the world from fascism, we will be forever thankful ️
Non so perché ho guardato l'intero video
Where my Olomouc gang at
Doesn't that scare you a little, especially since they are the only country in the EU presently, that possesses nuclear weapons, and considering your mutual history
Czechia even in czech language sounds stupid, they call it "česko" or "čechy" (which funny enough is only a part of czech republic)
Czech republic were less involved in axis "business" than France was
it does
Slovak (I am Slovak)
Most of these sound as expected
San Marino did this (to make profit ofc)
I like how cant can take care of themselves
Is this a bait
Biological nature of beings = get the healthiest and the prettiest partner to reproduce with, which works both ways not just the male->female way
Hungary and Poland think US is just ... makes you wonder how fucked up their government must be
I wonder where that’s from, considering we’ve got a oil refinery not even that far away from the main parts
If you haven't noticed I also said that this guy is most likely and nazi, my personal opinion is that people like that should be sent in front of a firing squad
I know Perun is proud and smiling at me
So maybe in future
Give the Maramures region surrounding Sighetu Marmatiei at least a few days, it has excellent scenery and hiking and a way of life in the villages that feels like it's still 1910.
Definitely bullshit
Some examples:
But as I already got four upvotes so im just probably being edgy and the EU would care.
) and eaten as a snack
Absolute tragedy unreadable by anyone who has ever seen a usable wiki
He was forced to leave his job and he was assigned work in less prestigious positions during normalization which followed after the soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia
In a single piece of text, they could totally admit shooting down a civilian plane but still conclude by saying they're innocent and blame the West.
He/she hangs out by the apple products and talks to everyone who touches an iPad
Still I believe that is one of the major reasons we did not recognize Kosovo.
I ignored news about brexit, there was something about it in the news all the time
I cannot think of any other places that would receive lots of tourists (maybe other mountains or castles across the country)
Kurvy komunistické.
Im so sad these things are happening in EU, we are the pinnacle of humankind yet people come here and cant integrate, because they got their brains wiped clean by somebody who is pulling strings and is too much of a lil´ bitch to actually participate
How
You might say that western and Eastern Europe have different traditions and ideas but we’re fundamentally the same deep down, as there’s not that many things that we differ in
I remember being sure that Janosik is our own tradition, imagine my surprise when I found out Poles consider Janosik theirs :(
the name must be in some kind of name database
It was a difficult time, but hardly that many Slovaks are proud of that period, mostly just the nationalistic simplistic bunch that can be found in the cheapest pubs with a few exceptions here and there.
I find this to be an urban legend for the most part
The biggest idiots have 2 or more
There are recordings of the broadcast available online, although only in Slovak, which is maybe good, because I really felt sorry for the PM, as I admire his genuine dedication to the fight against the pandemics, which is something that shouldn't be mocked in any case, but I wonder if any such thing has ever happened elsewhere, because I don't remember a similar scene in the history of my country's politics and I wonder how special it really is
*2016 flashbacks*
How about a working with refugees and immigration
if someone invited me to church, I would have a feeling that they want to convert me and I would most likely start avoiding that person
But that doesn't mean much
If the problems are rampant, the money can even be withheld preventively :
I will add:
Unless we fill it with under 30 year olds
We are beeing more papal than pope, if that makes sense in English.
The biggest damage they have done to our "westernness" is however not the crippled economy, it is in people's heads.
Ingliš lenguidž. Bikóz of speling
My mom used to do the same thing
I have a lot of hope for the US :)
Definitely ex-PM Robert Fico
baby (girls/grandmas)
"fajčiť ako turek" - to smoke like a turkish man (when someone smokes too much)
I would hate to lose my voting rights in Slovakia
Of course, since we had limited time, we couldn't go to that place where all the photographs come from, which would make the experience more memorable.
I've been here couple of times and water was much colder than in Tučepi or Brela for example
Conservative media made this argument up.
>  Like if I say something like "I was walking down the street and I saw a yellow bus with an antenna on it" would that become "I was walking down street and saw yellow bus with antenna" (after writing that out that's kinda how we speak when we do eastern European impersonations)
Depends on your job I feel like but I think German, French, Russian and Spanish could be useful
EU logically put the association process on hold.
They're at least 1
Please add us too
Hahahahaha I wish
Not so glad people trust TV and radio so much, though.
Smer SD- they created most corrupted government, everyone knew that they were robbing the state but still managed somehow to win elections many times, this year they finally didn't,
But let's not pretend that he is doing anything remotely competent
I've seen beautiful places in Slovakia too.
Well, maybe I'll try next year.
And yes, glasgow and london have stabbings, but how is it relevant
It's Slovak, but Polish and Ukrainian at the same time
Arent you allowed to grow weed as a part of citizenship?
Fuck, we are never gonna catch up with czechs.
I seriously don't get how can people vote for Boris Kollar
How many English MPs compared to Scottish?
I get that one sometimes forgets the more random rules in regards to y/i usage, they are arbitrary and frankly, y should not even exist within Slovak alphabet
Smh my head
Don't forget about parts of Lithuania and Ukraine, some Czechia and Slovakia lands and Moldava as a vassel.
There's something which differs when it comes to required equipment of cars, I got fined a few kilometres from border in, I think, Slovakia, for not having all spare light-bulbs.
The only reason is because Germany was enemy of other western powers in this case.
Google translate:Foster families means that both parents or one parent working as an employee of a children's home or other facilities are entered in the social sector.
In Slovakia during march, we are burning and drowning [Morena] , pagan goddes of  winter and death
>Tamnica naroda
Russian army stationed in Transnistria which went out of its base with fuckton of tanks and shelled the living hell of Moldovan FOB near Bendery.
Although according to the ECJ, marriages done within the EU should be equally recognised across the EU, doesn't matter if gay or not
Hungary, Slovakia to ask EU to take action against food 'double standards'
Face mask isn't meant to protect you, it's meant to protect others
Can we then expect that Czech and Slovak feminists will move to Uganda and Bangladesh?
The Romanian company set-up a skype interview, dealt with everything smooth and nicely online and she even received an offer with relocation package.
[Goral] and [Rusyn] are the first ones which come to my mind
Also Firenze is pretty close, which was also amazing to visit.
Try this next time: third fanta, third coke, third carbonated water
1 billion, possibly how
the big problrm i see is lack of connection to wanted destination . f.e. vacarion visits . good legislation wont hurt eithet so you have to pay fees for each country individually
We treat them as Slovak words (they have gender, we apply Zemplin dialect grammar to them), but still.
It was interesting
Ahoj , moje meno je Ján. Rád ťa spoznávam
My family came from Sweden 150 years ago, will they **take me back?**
Nice place to start another World War
My integrity is gone so I can at least make a few bucks.
Places like Czechia, Slovakia, Poland or Hungary
Poland becoming Gilead IRL
So I tried
He doesnt need any other workers to achieve such goal
I don't know, the name reminds me of a certain Serbo-Croatian profanity too much
No, they surely do not need EU army.
It is pretty similar to Czech Republic, I think because both originated from Czechoslovak constitution
And German
I will quote my last part of post.
The vote is usually slightly in favor of remaining
We don’t have many cities but a lot of people in the capital and in a couple few bigger cities often think of people living in villages as simple, stupid or conservative
like much older than other eastern european countries.
I even find the GM stuff quite overblown in today's Slovak culture, we learn much more about it
I've visited both Slovakia and Slovenia - though neither for long enough - and can tell the difference myself.
We don't have such a corruption in such a scale like in Romania here in Slovakia or Czechia, there are few cases of politicians stealing money but that's pretty it.
Beautiful
Anyway, Kaliningrad used to have some industry and was producing some electronics, however I don't know how much of that had survived, but it had a good position and coupled with a good policy could benefit from supplying EU instead of Russia.
Trees everywhere from France
It is irrelevant what the military budget for Slovakia or Spain is if Putin is contemplating on invade Estonia.
cwrw ? how do u say that
strom = single tree
I was pretty disappointed when I got drink with ice crushed to tiny pieces and it was getting into my mouth
But we realises unlike NZ we cant keep it for a long time, because we simply have no capacity to
Same in Slovakia, yellow car or smart
I always thought the way we say it, Turín, is a complete Slovakization, as it sounds like it could just be the name of a small village in the mountains of Central Slovakia, maybe in Turiec
Yes, especially on the Hungarian channels
And Der Spiegel only used a picture of some cariture by random street artist, so you and outraged Polish right-wing media can fuck off as well.
I am curious about it since the "America First, Netherlands Second" video
And yes I know Brumbal is also some thing as Dumbledore, so not a bad job
Well, to be honest, its difficult to argue that CCP does not have popularity of most of public.
Like 30% of EU members allow concealed carry that many of US states forbid.
Kolená, palce, kolená, palce
Anything related to top secret military installations, army capturing and researching UFOs or advanced military research
This didnt mean, that their differences suddenly vanished (even though, a lot of work has been done to unify both parts during Czechoslovakia).
Anyway, Czechoslovakia ceased to exist at the end of 1992 and independent Slovakia was formed in 1993 again
I can see huge culture differences between far-away places in any country and vague culture similarities between nearby countries
Do you understand that those were sent into fields
or slovak
Omg I can not believe Americans are so stupid when it comes to Geography
Slovakia, Czechia and Austria have only Capitals blue
Budapest is a nice city, I was there some two years ago and I plan to visit it again.
English doesn't have the *rz* sound, but it's similar to *sh*.
That I dont know anything about, other than that they sometimes illegaly try to get cigarettes trough the border
Yes I get that
English does use gender for some inanimate objects but in an associative way, even for some abstract concepts
There is, however, only one car company native to Slovakia: K-1 Engineering, which produces hand-made luxury sport cars
Without a doubt Allies would never have won without the UK, but let's not forget that without UK's pre-war policy there wouldn't be a need to win such war in the first place.
I dont care that it will end up in a war.
What do Americans place more importance on, compared to us
But I haven't seen them being used too much, but that might be because I am getting old
Well I don't like it
Why not tax system, where you can pick a place of residence or, if we are talking about corporations, signing some contract moving money from branch where shit was created to a branch, where shit will be taxed?
That or Charles's University in Prague
I am usually the only one drinking water here anyway from my friends
Your guys do the best films by yourself anyway
Also Tesco (with very long tradition), Billa, needless to say LIDL, and there were also Carrefour, Hypernova and even Marks & Spencer
We Slovaks have it better than Romanians, most Hungarians in Slovakia like the country and most Hungarian Hungarians barely know we exist
Dutch also has the *-ië* suffix for country names by the way.
easterners joke about westerners and westerners about easterners and hungarians in the south
Well, in our case we always threw the blame on magyars
Wouldn’t the independence of Northern Ireland help with this
Norway is beautiful country and so is Denmark
That car is surprisingly sturdy
Did you not vote to join it in a referendum?
While a reunion wouldn't work nowadays due to their more conservative population, they're still basically our little sibling in so many different ways.
Well multinational corporation are money machines that can lobby and pay people for corruption.
Google tells me that for slovak and czech it is derived from the english word of "fashion".
FTFP always covered Conservative party well against third parties (although same cannot be said about Labour who got destroyed in Scotland).
According score card of Slovak republic we have 0 women ministers, when in reality there are 2.
If you count being free as being in two-nations country then we have been free since 1918
Can't get rickrolled if the video isn't available in your country...
Slovakia is #1 exporter of cars per capita in the world
And lastly , when Czechoslovakia formed in 1918, putting Slovakia(kinda) on the map after 1000 years , we started "crossing out" words that came from German and Hungarian and replacing them with Czech and Polish words (so that they sound more Slavic) . And thats the language we have today
I don't think I know anyone who doesn't like Germany now.
And its other way around, Slovaks and Hungarians generally go to Burgenland for shopping.
When it comes to the traffic, getting a driving license helped me to understand how to behave on the road, in my country (idk it´s probably the same in a majority of the EU) when you´re cycling on the road you basically count as a car and when you walk by your bike you´re a pedestrian
Well we drink on every occasion possible, birthday, holiday, wedding, funeral, family meeting, friends meeting, meeting new people, celebrating Friday, being in bad mood, being in good mood, just to get drunk, getting a new job, loosing a job, getting a paycheck, drinking with last money etc
Plus its much better than thinking we speak Russian
They couldn't even afford to go to war with us.
They will never withdraw, but i am not worried.
Cibuľa (Zwiebel), cieľ (Ziel), kritizovať (kritizieren), plech (Blech), žemľa (Semmel), etc
Goes for the fish too
Yeah, so I live abroad (as in married, own a house etc.), thus I doubt they have any jurisdiction over me anymore, especially in regards to conscription.
I'm not commenting on it being a step forward, hold your horse cock a minute, I said that your comment was cringe
Kevin and Lena
We use: “v Tramtárii/Trantárii” which is a made up country or a remote place
Meh, the best argument I think is that we're constantly dead last compared to virtually every other country in Central Europe.
Break a mirror = bad luck
I only know 73 from the ads (i work in advertising so I couldnt not notice it), but I will definitely try it:)
Wouldn't say got out of control, it was simply always that bad.
From psychological point of view, it was not difficult for Slovaks to say goodbye to crown
Or in offices
It depends
'Santa' and his little helpers caught stealing in Slovakia
Litteraly same thing happend to my dad, mom got tested and found out she had covid and since dad had some health problems his doctor told him he has to go there asap
Just don't.
Or a sleeve
And most things that I had the biggest issues with are changing - Colorado just passed 12 weeks of paid parental leave, public pre-schools are expanding, the state is working on a public option for insurance
I expected the adjustment to be much easier than it was
If your name is Jim, beware, you should say "obrigad*o*".
There are many premium apple stores, that's true
Various studies show that it helps decreasing the spread of this type of illnesses
39 main dialects that are divided into village dialects (neighboring villages do not speak the same)
Anyway, I'd like you to know Italian is the second degree, when it comes to Slovak bosses ranting about someone, who did not comprehend their instructions
Slovakia and Lithuania have euro and it's not more expensive than in Czech Republic.
Right now there are literal traffic jams in the hiking trails
You could say that Bratislava is kinda hated by it's own citizens
Who forgets Prague but adds Bratislava
But I bet some actors etc
Are Dutch citizens of Turkish origin considered Nazis as well?
Slovakia was not a thing back then.
German, romanian, slovak, ruthenian and other languages were spoken.
This seams like such a childish issue
Slovakia was under the Kingdom of Hungary for almost one millennium.
I feel it's improving here, slowly but surely.
They declared war after Poland was attacked (and didn't do almost anything until France got annexed) but not when Hitler simply drove tanks to Austria or Czecho(Slovakia).
I love the sound of romance languages as french, spanish or romanian because it sounds softer more melodic to me
I am no Kenyan so can't patronise it but i lived there and love tge country so much i think the managed to capture the contrast and the classes of Kenya in a fairly good way
I kinda look forward to longer nights, actually
Yes, we say ahoj, dobrý deň, nazdar, zdravím, čau
At least we’ve got something going for us
And what the hell is up with all those sellers and homeless people on the sidewalks
And that was pretty much the beginning of this legendary project
Just looking through that window you made brings back memories of my great trips to Greece
The plans about large protests and insurrection in Kharkiv failed, in Dnipropetrovsk never even started and in Odessa we all know how it ended.
Poland becoming Gilead IRL
In this regard, aren't at least some Germans in favour of funding a German nuclear programme, just to seize the opportunity, that you are still getting along with your old nemesis
Of Hungarian (and gypsy) origin.
I seriously doubt you ever lived in those times.
Love it
We would either desert or straightforward join the NATO forces.
People like you save the European countries
His landlord just been sentenced to jail and his neighbour is spending nights at max sec prison, looking at lifesentence
We do have issues, wspecially the industry being too automobile focused, so there is a single point of failure for the economy
Show me please which sentence, i have really no idea what you mean
And I am scared about jobs too
There are many premium apple stores, that's true
Did we just won the [Hyphen war]
It was good for the nobility, terrible for the common folk
Similarly a bit with Vietnam
The bank or visa always call me within 10 minutes of it being locked however to confirm that I was using the card then it's immediately unblocked and stays that way until I do one of the above again or unless I explicitly ask to tone down the warning for a given period of time.
Fuck, bitch, whore or cunt mostly
for very little kids ´´malý´´ and ´´malá´´
The city always changes, nightlife is great and you can combine it with a trip to Vienna:) Now we actually got a good mayor who is putting the city together at an incredibly fast pace
It's clear that Czechs were dominant partners in this relationship and this was recognized abroad as well where we all were called just Czechs instead of cumbersome Czechoslovaks
Yeah I got very anxious when I read the question of this post:D
I am quite fine with where I am and even the political climate is getting actually better
How often do your hear people justifying their choice in election by the argument, that at least it is not the other candidate in the first place
No Slovak
S touto diskusiou stále v živej pamäti som sa práve odhodlal, po pätnástich rokoch granatír znova vyskúšať a trvám na tom, že aj [domáci] je presne tak hnusný, ako si ho pamätám zo školskej jedálne
Something like 70% of territory covered in forest, but also mountains, which makes up for very pretty nature and makes me wanna visit it, also that lake Bled picture circulating on Reddit constantly.
So obviously everything Russia does is bad, very bad or evil.
To me as a kid were just names
But once you find similar person, it can get nasty
In many parts of Europe you pay that for a shot of Absolut Vodka or other €10-€15 bottle
If I was like them I would still blame them for Magyarization or when they literally attacked Czechoslovakia
) and “Haló?” (which is specifically a greeting used on phones and nowhere else)
It changed everything
[Here] the part when the radio host reads the PM a fresh announcement made by Sulík, that he won't speed up the process of purchase of rapid antigen tests, as requested
You can drink the water from toilet here, since we flush with drinking water aswell
Are they common in Croatia
I don't think modern day Hungary reclaim the totality of St Stephen's crown territory.
Poor, lily-white countries in the eastern EU have a much more vibrant far right than Iberia.
and maybe there is also some effect on human development, when many people with University diploma accomplish adulthood in late twenties (when adult becomes used to some life style, e.g.
I mean this guy might be a nazi for all I know but the fact is that we don't know and we shouldn't just assume this from one picture
I haven’t yet seen a LIDL with more than 6 total cash registers
Ofc not all the Hungarians are the like that
Finally, if you like "the nature" as the Czechs call it, Bohemian Switzerland (google it) is a couple hours north of Prague, one of the most impressive mountain sites outside of Switzerland itself, and perfect for a few days of hiking.
btw some different names in Hungary: Stoličný Belehrad, Ostrihom, Nové Mesto pod Šiatrom, Svätý Ondrej
Trees everywhere from France
It was also a mark of eastern geek culture
For example it would be realistic if Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria and Hungary all hosted together.
I just love travelling and when I don't have the money or freedom to travel in person, I finger travel on Google Earth and Wikipedia, checking out cities, airports and roads all over Europe
So people can cast their votes in an election every four years and then they have to shut up and let government do absolutely anything it wants?
Obviously, some states have it better than others, quite a few of these things are finally getting addressed
Perhaps you should've written "Spoiler: Germany was winning
So you folks have problems with the ol' Czechoslovakia
Maybe I am missing something, but to me it looks similar
Otrok in Slovakia means child but in Serbia it means slave, nust be coincidence
Fagot
Add to that that Romania itself has a nice track record of betraying its allies
Maybe it's because some parts of Małopolska were influenced largely by Czechs and Slovaks before (Habsburghs, especially the mountainous parts)
So, she tears it up, lights it's on fire, pisses on it while giving a hate speech against Muslims and posts that on the internet.
Turkey
If some dialects of Bulgarian use something similar to karácsony/crăciun
That is one low quality image lmao, I guess it was made 17 years ago
There definitely are many historical facts in the books which can be pretty infuriating to learn, the key is not to become too emotional about them
History, location, acces to markets.
This map seems somehow sensationalist to me.
My granddad told me that he sometimes instinctively slows down when he sees one of those VB taxis while driving
Well you dont have to worry about that one anymore
The cross and stuff should be also rotated on Slovak flag
Inside I consider below 20 as too cold and above 25 as too hot
It is longer, lighter and thinner axe that could have been concealed in your shirt since axes were forbidden to carry around
I am glad you liked it
I can go to live anywhere I want without giving a reason or getting some “points” like in australia
I have never even tried learning French
Its all very superficial
that must make our politicians jealous
I think this may be a bit your experience but I personally don't know anyone who carries weapons as that
Czechs can't sit at the table with higher speed partners because Czechs are reluctant to accept the Euro currency.
Slovaks or 'Slovaks'?
EU interferance in countries business is one giant hoax.
50€~2€ per meal
thanks, that's interesting, i really like basque language lol
Half a day drive from where I stand during my youth jets were wiping off places from map.
I've just remember Svit, a town built as a workers' colony for [Baťa shoe factory] Not too foreign, but [the style of houses in not common here] (even though the "sun rays" style fences scream THIS IS SLOVAKIA)
>Horst, Herbert, Jürgen
Mamy reasons but past few months showed how much its small circle of leadership in ivory tower detests its own voters and party members by installing Laschet to top, despite his opponents in both party and Union races being much more popular
Don't you remember switching the radio with those songs too
oil STOP
Average 18 in my country
Also, probably what I’m most curious about, what were your feelings when emigrating and upon the arrival to the US
I'm pretty sure ISIS already claimed this attack.
Well, till 1918 it was definitely Austria, basically the same but with different language.
Thats interesting
Try [Algor - Čas odplaty] for Slovakia
As a fellow Slovak, I struggle with Slovak cities with names in plural - Košice, Michalovce, etc
Some politicians criticized this decision, but it was a successful operation
So those countries with modern communism would end up like venezuela, where 10000 people work in a company that needs only 100 workers
Yes, I suppose there is *that* political party, fed by hate of some few people and hated by the rest, in every country
This is true only if you can produce fuel on Moon cheaper then on Earth (including cost of transport to orbit).
How is this related
I meant generally speaking outside of a group people I'm familiar with, for example in a shop / restaurant / at work in a different city / region or at school
View from one of my flats in center of Bratislava
I have never heard anyone say anything about spanish village in slovakia
Ono tým, že značné množstvo detských rozprávok pozerajú preložených v češtine (keďže slovenský ekvivalent neexistuje) sa môže stať, že začnú používať niektoré výrazy z češtiny bez toho aby si to vôbec uvedomovali
He could not get over cucumber on a pizza
I would say it's [tank man from 1968]
It is history, now is a new age and we do not hold onto old grudges
Finally  I'm proud of my country
Absurd bitching about everything that exists/existed, happened, didnt happen, is supose to happen, or is not supose to happen
The idiomatic version of 'I don't understand this thing at all' in their language, like 'španělská vesnice' for you and me (and some of the Balkans, TIL)
Black cat crosses your way = Spit 3 times on a ground or a VERY bad event happens
I second this, thank you
Germany - nazi puppet state duh
Hows the car starting
But i just dont understand why you are trying to use portuguese pronunciationon english word
I only recognize the UK and Germany’s anthem
I know you have Somali immigrants/refugees, but how it is usefull?
Thanks, Papa Franku
You are forgetting that we have name for economical-political system, where government is trying to fix problem for selected part of population.
Granted Jaguar is not as British as it used to be, but it's still largely tied to the UK.
Honestly, all "greens" are now having rhetoric on par with members of Communist party politburo in 1975.
There definitely are many historical facts in the books which can be pretty infuriating to learn, the key is not to become too emotional about them
It is good for Europe to have fucked up neighborhoods?
The fact is that the government is doing minimum for sports and it doesn’t really make sense to do more than that
xD (no offense please)
Also chem trails
I can't speak for all of Czechoslovak army but for instance my father was an officer in that mess and he wholeheartedly hated communists.
Kupačka
I AM NOT HEAR A NO
It was Czechoslovakia and before that Austrian Hungarian empire and before that Samo land
napadlo mi
You should have made southern Slovakia a part of Hungary
Maybe I just misunderstood
Also DCC is still offered sometimes even if you use Revolut
Weed needs a certain temperature to make someone or smething high, so unfortunately they were not high
Trojan horses generally dont fight those boarding them.
Czechoslovakia was rather well-off compared to its neighbors to the east in the interwar period.
Why
In The Living Daylights, Pierce Brosnan was chased by Verejná Bezpečnosť, across the field between Bratislava and the Austrian border
It is not linked to any ideology, nor religion
Worst betrayal of modern European history in my opinion
It does though in this single instance.
I think he meant kofola
Also I feel like Usa is much more into that fake plastic appearance, but that may be just California thing
She is not that important to lead into another World War.
What non-american would ever purchase american cars
Since when does UK have freedom of speech
Esztergom is a beautiful town
Trump has been backed by Republican party that controls both Houses of parliament, while FN doesnt do well on regional, govenorate or national level.
Most of my stuff does have some logo
Like, I would not want to play Warcraft 3 without the Czech dub, it's just too good and iconic
I know that there's a city in Czechia called "Pičín" which is very roughly translated as Pussyville
There are two words to describe gathering of "dissatisfied" people in our languages and I am sure in English and other languages too.
Also the reason why it is so prevalent in those words
I'm not commenting on it being a step forward, hold your horse cock a minute, I said that your comment was cringe
Just not good either
Is he sure it's a Hospital ?
Do you think that there is any chance of Scotland declaring independence in the near future
Mobile DEVICES or mobile PHONES
I’ve just googled that our gov financially supports over 70 sports associations and I’ve never even heard about 10 of the sports (like wtf is korfbal or boccia) and for another 10 of them had no idea there’s even interest here let alone gov money (we have baseball and petanque in Slovakia
I used to work just behind the (right) corner.
The border between Slovakia and Czech republic was never part of any kind of disputes, no kind of animosity ever was between those two countries.
I choose to support people and government based on what they do.
They'll adapt
Btw per capita we have more serbians here than you ever will.
Yeah, but they arent exactly motivating new customers when offering their cars by the same old prices
Why arent there protests or investigations?
In Canada, the cheapest provider has a [super offer of 2 GB for $40/month.
Lactose **tolerance
Or: facts are more then feelings.
Marian Kotleba, perhaps
Who the fuck would do that
And here, /r/AskEurope, you have a response from a Hungarian; translation: ''Slovakia does not exist''.
Oddly, I only heard it from the speaker, not read it
When there is a billboard in a city, it often ends up like this:
The grandparents are often bilingual but they want to differentiate them so
Bus + Trolley + Tram for whole city 264,20€ for Bratislava, Slovakia
Again, ehm what
How usefull are French, German, Russian, Italian, Spanish and other foreign languages in your country?
Absolutely this
- 26.12.) unless you have family here (or someone to stay with).
Nooo, hej no
I usually wear Adidas sneakers and backpacks, got Nike jacket and rest of the stuff are just the brands you never heard of, coz they are cheap
But Japanese companies in europe make great use of their translators
Tell him that in Italy, it is customary to eat spaghetti by hands only, and rude using a fork
Nevermind the occasional bad batch, it was still cheaper than some bottled water
How weird it had to be to watch those people on the other side, who were so close yet so far away
Yes, the communist houses (we call them "Paneláky" or Concrete panel buildings") are there, but it's not a big deal
Theh still exist today, but are quite different than their old archetype version
Modlivka in Slovak
If you learn english you have hard time to pronounce some english words because of different phonetics of course, but this is meant for english speakers
Everyone just calls it "Svätá rímska ríša" = which is actually literal translation of Holy Roman Empire
I wanted to say it's all about the interpretation of history and sticking to the facts
However I have no idea how Florida beaches look like, so maybe better, not sure
Moravian empire was good times
And it's on lot of posters
Anything related to top secret military installations, army capturing and researching UFOs or advanced military research
If they ask for something I'm usually trying to be helpful, but I'm not actively looking for an interaction
/s (kinda)
And the more they talk like this the more % they get
Seriously, we watch the same movie during Christmas, like the same sports, eat the same food, drink the same alcohol, understand each other, listen to similar music
Is Lukashenko's intel correct
I don't know how to change it, and I don't care to
They lived alone or with helping force on *salaš* (sheep ranch), where they took care of their flock and produced many sheep cheese products
I don't want to hurt your sensitivity but yesterday again the Belgian justice has searched the offices of three Belgian companies using FVC's in Slovakia and Portugal in order to avoid Belgian taxes.
and exploited its medieval feudal system and politics
It's just nice to bring a bottle with you to a party, and then you put it on a table with other bottles and then drink everything there - if you wanna get smashed
Like 1% of our GDP if I remember correctly
The best part of the prank is these so-called 'Belgians' made us believe all these international institutions have the seat in their country.
I like words like “zmrzlina” or the czech “čtvrtsmršť” because some people apparently freak out when they see long streak of consonants without vowels
I met some people in SF that travelled around and even named Strbske Pleso
I just said that if someone should be kicked out for something serious than those countries that are most corrupted/especially politicians, governments and regional structures (those who steal Eurofunds all the time).
The evidences are all over the place, apart from the Slovakian inspection that started this, the Hungarian Food Safety Bureau has been saying this for the past 2 years.
Hlava, ramená, kolená, palce
Not according to this [analysis]
In front of the ruler, tiny maine stands,
For instance in the last census, 6,000 people in Czechia identified as having Czechoslovak ethnicity
There was a thunderstorm a few hours back, it was the last breath of normal weather, here it comes
The East European nation of Ukraine is bordered by Poland, Slovakia, Russia and Belarus.
They are also outside UK and they do fine as well
90% of the comments are with british flags.
I second this, vienna is REALLY close, like, a boat ride away from Slovakia on the danube
1% of Romanian GDP that's like spitting on a dying whale on the beach and pretending you are seriously saving her life.
Although we had something kinda similar here(at University) called Prax, for 2-3 weeks(4 hours per work day)
As if admitting there were innocent families there who were persecuted is somehow tarnishing the glory of great Moravia and Dacia.
As a written language however, Slovak started in Great Moravia in the 9th century when Cyril and Methodius invented the glagolic alphabet , from this period you can google st
Company which has an Orc statue at their HQ with writing saying "Every voice matters"? I already uninstalled all their games and the game launcher from my devices
Its nice to say "hey, he just says shit like that, its his thing" but his actions pushed nationalists to royal arms despite early support for anti-Vienna revolt.
Everyone just calls it "Svätá rímska ríša" = which is actually literal translation of Holy Roman Empire
That seems pretty democratic - countries that have Euro like it, countries that do not have Euro, do not like it
So for example in WW1 slovakians were forced to fight for Austrian Hungarian empire, even if all we wanted was to join the independence movements
You should have made Austria a bit more squishy and wide, so it's closer to Slovakia and Hungary with which is has borders
I find it strange that they would single out Slovakia.
In The Living Daylights, Pierce Brosnan was chased by Verejná Bezpečnosť, across the field between Bratislava and the Austrian border
Fuck them, fucking idiots
I honestly believe that we'd be there with you had Radičová's government not fallen apart in 2012...
Sending them illustrated educational materials about tolerance and love?
On our bus line between cities, some drivers just turn of the light if it's dark in the morning/night
Agree with next french president.
North Macedonia for me is just a perfectly blank page
Oh yes, that's probably the prettiest, most touristy, theme-park-like one that we have
Well, our traditional foods generally give you hearth attack in your 40s.
Needless to say, I was scared as hell by Čert when I was kid
Those are not soldiers
di as divine
Slang is used by subcultures, dialects by ethnic groups and subgroups, calling them slang is pretty disparaging to the cultural and linguistic value they have
No, they are designed to attack our instincts and make us want more.
I think most viewed is however [Ego - žijeme len raz] which is a summer dance song and is played at almost every party in summer
Austria
This is quite interesting, that you put sport into the same category as defense and civil protection
Oddly, I only heard it from the speaker, not read it
Hence the name protectorate
Switzerland, norway, canada, australia, new zealand - perfect
"Bulgarian constant", a term used mostly in construction and engineering, for a number made up ad hoc, in order to formally meet standards or requirements
Young people voted largely for Kotleba.
Naturally, wasn't making some big money.
And also is cheap (for german salary) ^^
Yeah, and the knight ends up taking about 1 gold coin from a giant mountain of said gold coins
Vasiľ Biľak
Even Hitler was
didn't even have to look at the flair to spot a fellow desolation dweller -"are you saying there was no corruption or crime involved
I make around 1700-1800 €, my expenses are around 1000 €, investing 500 € each month and the rest keeping in basic account for vacations, crazy nights or other non-covid sorcery
Eh, I'd be so happy if someone messed up and sang the first stanza of Slovenian anthem (which is about getting drunk).
Historia Civilis is the channel name and he has a video about "Constitution of Sparta". It's really great despite the boring name
Very very stupid law, based on feelings not facts.
The Hungarian government is not entitled to this, which for decades has not known more serious tasks, such as suppressing everything that is Slovak, did not build and allow our nation or a single school, did not allow the Slovak people to get into public administration and offices, destroying our people
I saw gorgeous architecture built there but that's the only thing I can witness, I don't think I can find an unbiased source given I don't speak perkele
Russia
Who votes for the Russian government and who gives them power?
It's ironic that they don't see that this is the same as the Velvet Revolution and guess what, they are the baddies
I know it sounds super condescending, sorry for that
Possibly Trump's stance on WHO was sympathetic to many people
Well it's a train, it has multiple doors
Be prepared that everything is smaller here.
The toilet pay thats usually just like euro and I am glad to give it, because it keeps the place clean and also gives some money to person working there
In 2019 populist parties across coalition and opposition pushed pension age (64) there so it can’t be easily changed even though they all admitted it may mean problems for our social systems as soon as 10 years in the future)
True, but rude
I kind of do not see the sense in that
it is very good course for reviewing, for advancing form A1 or even A2 to something better
As a Slovak I tend to cheer for Finland in icehockey as we share some traits
It’s šarkan - in Hungary sárkány
Fact is Trump campaign was populist like.
Even that article claims it's better than nothing
UKULELE
So noy sure what was actually Russian there
I mean they're certainly big, but from everything I've ever heard about them, I expected so much more
We have also this kind of law, but we need to wear only a reflective tape or something reflective.
We usually call it the same, although someitmes we also say "Svätá rímska ríša národa nemeckého" - Holy Roman Empire of the German nation
I would go crazy if I had to reguraly drive pickup in my city
then you've seen and experienced bs lmao
Verhofstad is one of few pro-EU federalists who makes his voice heard.
You already have enough Serbs and Ukrainians and they aren't exactly nice neighbours
An example might be skiing in Slovakia instead of Austria.
Si veľmi krásna/ý moja/môj drahá/ý (second words are for masculine)
Also if you have a lot of acquaintances you can literally bribe anyone and be well off
I would not be able to tell the difference if someone put Porshe, Ferrari and Maseratti jn front of me
Ic rial kanser
But by i/y you know, if you are talking in singular or plural
I'm sorry, but until this day, I thought Nicosia was the capital, and also the only city I knew
But everything they know seems be positive
People with lighter hair like me, usually don't have beards unless they are over 30 and fathers, from what I've noticed lol
Also there is a lot of restaurants without focus on a cuisine of a specific nation or region and instead they offer wider variety of foods
"Zelen**á** žaba pred plebiscitom."
We have three major groups of ethnical minorities with their own language: Hungarians, Romani and Rusyn
Cheers
After 1989 I thought all this bullshit is totally discredited and that we will be just laughing on it.
In fact, we could see them committing most of these crimes on TV
The reasons are up for a discussion but it's a fact that the rest of the world is not so much crazy about zombies and superheroes as the USA.
Would you happen to know if the buses run regularly?
It can be - 10° snowy and no wind so still pretty "hot". And it can be 10° windy AF with cold rain
I was confused when I first saw a sand beach in Italy and then I when I got back home from the vacation I was telling my friends how Italy has a sand playground leading to the sea unlike other countries and that is the reason why people vacation in Italy so they can play on their sand playgrounds with water
For people around here, Benelux is definitely Western Europe and not the center.
>Capitals work better when they are in the center of the country, making everything more connected
Russian state TV also made and aired a "documentary" about how the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia prevented an incipient NATO fascist coup, complete with machine gun nests on the roofs&shit
I think the support is less for murderous scumbag commies and more for an independent Basque state or at least greater recognition of the Basque in Spain.
I don't hate them, I just want the Pannonian sea back
Not much tho , there were some cases during '00
They don't have a right to peacefully protest?
I think all of europe is interesting and worthy of beeing around Slovakia
However this is a problem that can't be solved - are you willing to limit civil rights so the police can act beforehand?
Yes many teleshoppings here are translated from english and clips are from US
They integrated really well with their vietnamese bistros, markets with cheap clothing and so on — people have 0 problem with them.
Well, isn't it always case with PVV?
Unless it's Sagan
Actually, when Slovakia joined the Eurozone, they allowed us to artificially bump our currency in value from some 34 SKK to 1 EUR, to 30 SKK to 1 EUR, effectively increasing wealth of all citizens by some 10% relative to the EU and other countries.
Yep Democratic party has won in Slovakia
Who is teaching you this stuff?
Every year they aired the newest part before christmas, and nowadays they air all of the movies during the weeks leading up to christmas
After a hockey match between the USSR and Czechoslovakia, where the latter were victorious, the Czechoslovak ministry of Foreign affairs received the following telegram:
But honetsly it is hit or miss, most of the time if you as a foreigner try to attack people, people would go away - as they dont want to get involved in violence, even if they carry a weapon or know how to fight - because people dont want to end their night with a fight (especially in bigger cities)
Having a national holiday abouy "seven-pain Maria"? You think anyone even knows what that is about
As the city does not offer many touristic attractions, it's really about the atmosphere, and that is best experienced with friends or with locals that know where and when to go
Veverička .... not translatable
Resulting in bunch of cathotaliban parties and whatnots.
And this was their biggest problem as they got older and started loosing hair
Fucko has completely lost it in past few years.
To be honest, after Czech picture this is most flattering of this all series to us.
Dunno in Slovakia we mainly blame UK and Chamberlain.
We call that šišky
The part you're referring to hasn't changed since 1992 so it could hardly be written in "older language". I still can't find any "utter hate" or mentions of Hungarians
yep, same here heh
What, you think he can go isolationist and turn his back on friends, allies and countries depending on the US and they wont react to it?
Oh yes, the latter is well known too
There are
There are slang words words like "kámo" (mate) and "brácho" (bro)
"Bulgarian constant", a term used mostly in construction and engineering, for a number made up ad hoc, in order to formally meet standards or requirements
Anyway, it’s one of the most market-driven economies in the world, so my questions are: how are you finding its social side
I had lived in Helsinki as a teenager before I moved back to CE
And I agree so competitive
"Something (feminine) that prays"
Why stupid and wrong
When I was a kid there was an even bigger Skoda (1203) available for these purposes
Parachute by Štefan Banič. He immigrated to USA but he was born in Slovakia (Austria-Hungary in that time)
