They don't even have to manipulate in some countries, they just go there and force them as seen in Iraq.
RIP USSR
With Kurdish Terrorist, we have on going problem for 40 years
Enough corrupt that you can’t ask where the earthquake taxes went since 2000(Around 30B-40B€)
A better example of not nice would be sinking refugee boats and leaving them to die I think
But social backgrounds matter
This is a big security concern to Turkey’s Border
Is this mean uncircumcised guys reach orgasm sooner because more nerve more sexual pleasure
Make your damn research before you jump the bandwagon
What were then fringe issues, such as equality for women and racial minorities, are now social norms in most rich countries.
South America because it is a land of equally weak countries and the satisfaction of coming out on top of the continent and becoming a great power
It didn't work for the US either, you still have high poverty rates and recently the whole country paid cash to the banks because their administrations fucked up.
Erdoğan and his beloved Abdülhamit
Ataturk fucked up when he tried to create the "Turkish" identity, which was ultimately bound to be based on Sunni Islam.
And before you bring up Australia again, no they’re not European by this definiton
Yeah, we genocided greeks and serbians too why everybody upset with the armenian tho
Shoulder and knee
They simply didn't care the values of democracy, liberty and equality getting abandoned just so they can use us all as buffer states against "communism" and USSR
Don't expect anything good to come out of Turkey as long as Tayyip rules or the akp.
Oh Greeks, our brothers in stupidity.
Meanwhile I get my blood frozen at -4 shit man
Cypriot, Western Anatolian and European accents sound funny and uneducated
Even tough EU do not let us in, it would be great for the development of the country.
>And you always seem to omit the fact that you invades Cyprus in order to protect The Turkish Cypriots but you ended up staying forever and stared sending illegal settlers to the island
Going from one extreme to the other, I guess
Also, bringing someone other than your long time partner that your parents know is a bit off
Thats utopia
Maybe just because I can understand it but it sounds pretty cool
Turkish tourism industry/hotel managements/shops/etc.
222
I listened just the first few and liked it quite a bit
It still stands as one of the main reason why we’re not developed country since it left us only nomadic / village population left in our countryside
Taxi drivers hands down
Maybe the guy is literally from Ionia.
So MHP represents all of Turkish people and all of Turkish people should die.Also he said first we will evacuate so that ultranationalist fuck is a lot mercyful than TAK who targets civilians.
Eventually they didn't agree on anything and gave weak and conflicted statements, and they were THE party everyone thought could have helped end the conflict.
By the looks of it, this sub has a lot of anti-Turkish elements
But I don't think I would want to change it because yes; we might have kept the control over Middle-East, but we wouldn't have the modern Turkish republic created by Ataturk
A prime example would be the three sources of Marxism understanding, hinted by Marx explained by Lenin.
Also also Turkey is the country with the highest consumption of tea
Teaming with Germany in WW1
I hope one day we could talk and make jokes, too, about who-must-not-be-named
Ahh I saw a turkısh flag <3
In Tunalı Hilmi
Erdoğan can't win the presidency in first turn, I hope İnce will be able to overthrow him in the second
It's a mistake I make when I speak English
They get hit time to time mainly for insulting religion but just pay a fine and continue doing it.
Btw my country is no big shot too
"How do I breathe without choking
It's not a problem if theres no complaint.
Finally they did something reasonable
Other worst part is that after coming back from living where they give away the road for pedestrian
And there you go, the story of a man with an iron fist
we elected our donald trump before it was cool
I’d like to add that we share a lot of common names with Mongolians too
Nobody, even the politicans, against to the coup
I think that the Northern part should make their own decisions and Turkey should stay in the background unless TRNC needs support
A lot of people agree there were massacres.
Well after reading the comments of native speakers I feel good as if I achieved something big
But today i'm sure about it
Unchangeable Provisions
In Turkey the worst name is Murtaza lmao
If we worked together I’d definitely offer you tea/Turkish coffee and talk about daily things, hobbies, even little personal life details after some time
I dislike both, but at least Russia doesn't have a history of meddling with our internal affairs.
What do you suggest
&#x200B;
I always wish there were less idiots, but I got used to 50% idiots, 2% psychopaths, and 48% OK Drivers in Chicago, and, well, it takes a lot to phase me now
So, people are psychologically inclined to consume as much as they can, because they already paid for the whole package
If you wanna stand with them so much
Erdogan, he is the tall man
Nearly all of them were Balkan people(some didn't even speak Turkish) who converted to Islam.Nearly 5 million people escaped or sent to Anatolia between 1700-1918.Do you f.cking think that every single one of them got there by murdering people?FFS stop beign a hypocrite.
He first entered Parliament in the 2002 elections, with the CHP
white people:
They invested enough into the USB-c standard already
It holds a lot of tourists from within Turkey and also a lot of tourists from Iran
The closest answer you will get is this: I feel "Turkish" more than anything else
I thought it originated in old turkic and meant stronk.
Some examples;
That's awfully arbitrary way to decide who to refuse entry.
Now everything revolves around London.
If you consider consider human genealogy as a timeline and that timeline represented as pages of a dictionary.
I dont think Turkey is insulting
How are Nazis any bigger pricks than Americans?
Hans bring out ze Flamenwerfer
the real problem for global is animal agriculture along with other problems
Stop watching football, don't buy apparel, stop betting
Anladım sağolasın
Damn Greeks are stealing our cats now
i think what makes this sub at least functional for a Turk like myself is the low subcount
Some Turkish states on Anatolia didnt got raided bt mongols so we were free
Believe me, if "lying" was criminalized during the feudal times, we couldn't have advanced this far
But I personally hate this notion since it usually results in people gossipping about you and being too curious about what you do, who you're with and etc
Pc parts prices got insanely high(due to exchange and demand) average pc that will stand me for 5 6 years costs 7-10 k now it is about 3-4 times my dad's monthly income :')
Noone says it hurts
UK have tons of stolen artifacts around the world and should give them back
So what do you think about Kurds in Turkey and the Middle East
Fascism as a doctrine is based on hate.
Probably thats the thing what makes us Turkish I guess
The order was brought in few months.
I try to solve the problem by only using British English(speaking as well as writing)
Don't believe it
Russians slam Charlie Hebdo for plane crash cartoons
Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu said"Ege'de egemenliği açıkça Yunanistan'a verilmemiş 18 ada var.
This may sound weird but youtube channel Kraut which is an Austrian youtube channel made a  [3 part serie for history of Turkey in English (I linked the first video)] This semi documentary starts from Central Asian Turks to Erdoğan
Yes ww1 have a huge role in early modern Turkey but nothing more
13€ .
” considering how many had non-Turkish mothers then they made a kid with another non-Turkish mother and he became the next sultan
We always talk about wars which were mostly won, tactics, commanders, sultans
In free market, nobody cares who you are hiring
It certainly isn't like the immigrants will / can stay there.
As a side note, they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do and call me for help whenever something popped up
And it’s becoming more and more ugly everyday as you say
You also say AKP does not have that narrative
I dont think there is any coalition presence in that part of Syria at all.
We have the *Türk Dil Kurumu* (Turkish Language Institute).
The thing is, this plays in Erdogan's hands.
I linked the article for the pictures.
Usually First 3 is the most popular as pizza sauce but hot sauce is the most popular in my city
I'm a bit surprised tbh
But your hypocrisy and virtue signalling are killing me
Kurdish people have been living in Syria & ME for thousands of years
But is Aleyna Tilki really known abroad
So CHP leader is trying to get votes by losing its secular voter base?
Horn, siren and alarm sounds on the radio
We are not on a timer here al-bab will fall eventually and most likely in this month or the next so maybe next time check your facts sir armchair general.
And yes, it looks as homoerotic as it sounds
Well, that's your problem, isn't it.
I'm not here dispute this or that, but this map could be clarified better.
As a Vermonter I'm proud my sub went viral
Sağol- e.t. Be alive/live (a very delicate way to thank someone, not so formal tho
Your arguments have been disproven many times before.
While trying to go around the world, they found America and other routes around Africa
Like I understand ignorance is paramount in r/europe but come on even parrots don't say the same stupid thing this much.
For some reason, I Want to play victoria 2 after seeing this pic
He's the reason we've done so well Economically
Meat is expensive all over the world.
&#x200B;
Foreign accents are considered cute and funny unless they are Arabic or Farsi, you can face some bad behaviour if you have Arabic or Farsi accents mainly because of the refugees
I’m just sad that what got Hitler and Mussolini elected is still well alive and kicking in 2018 in this old world of ours, after all of us are so well connected to the rest of the world
Everday people died because of that political beliefs
Also I think Polyska is patriotic song i also like it very much
We got used to see our dishes with Greek names (add a Turkish name -ki suffix and have a Greek food .d)  in West but German spin-off is kinda strange lol
Albania: Arnavutluk
Will/Can this law prevent companies doing design faults to make them buy their cable only
Head
Ottoman Empire or Turkey or Sweden
Enough corrupt to changing every head state department people with support of government’s party which resulted TÜBİTAK(Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey) to not to support projects which couple of months later that project wins internationally awards
You don't know what you're talking about do you?
Don’t y’all take 4 wifes
Due to characters
It's sad but it's a fact of life
Also, while it's a good idea to guard the ballots, you can't object to legalized fraud techniques
For decades lots of conservative people from the countryside migrated there to find work
As a Turk I'm very sorry for Dutch folks, my prayers go out to you all
i often go to [gokceada] where my friend lives.
Our youth is growing open-minded and not-religious
but especially with local insturments: [Cem Karaca & Mogollar - Obur Dunya]
Greece = Turkey, the only differences are language and religion and minus the çomars.
Im not suprised tho :/
He has fallen into the trap Erdoğan set up for him, in my opinion
Wait no more
Rakı
In Turkish:
Makes no sense
Nationalist and religious votes as well
Ottomans in 1858
* [City of Safranbolu] (1994)
If there is a leakage problem then we can find a solution like creating a huge nuclear waste storing room in a certain unhabited area like in the middle of the sahara desert or something
Even them bombing us is better than the U.S.
To be honest though, Inonu supporting the coup and military made him an easy target for Islamists.
Except for his supporters, Turkish people feel like we are the outcast children of the neighborhood after waiting for so long
Aaand there is a turkish flag in the background
Mm, yes
But keep in mind that Muslims read that newspaper
I don't think much desert, I guess mostly mediterrenean style.
The game can be life time journey of an assassin
5-South Germans/Hungarians
I don't know if I should laugh or cry
***sort by controversial***
Ignorance is cureable you know
It tastes fine, but nothing particularly special
The problem is the sanctions will hurt the EU too.
Good for you
No you pay 0% on the first 20k, 10% on the next, etc...
Didnt they literally kill ninety percent of the carthagians and enslave the rest?
Their actions are funny and watchable
Note: It's a one letter difference in the root word but vowel harmony makes it multiple
###Bruh Moment
Can you dodge it in there ?
Massive respect for his ironclad balls
Westerners are hypocrits and want to weaken and divide Turkey.
I want to answer with something funny but your comment doesnt make sense.
I like how you came rushing to America's defense though, good dog.
"yeah but you committed a genocide" *upvoted through the stratosphere*
It's bizarre to see people who refuse climate change is real, even now
We can't neither be all like "This is already over, don't be naive" nor like "People have woken up, we'll win!"; both of those attitudes will ensure that "Evet" will be victorious.
And not everyone lies out of malice
Maybe, it was more frequent in many decades before
T-tturkey are you ok
Man, traveling on Viking longboats must have sucked, no privacy, uncomfortable af and cold
I am just talking about the general prejudice and it's according to some interviews
You would quickly see the differences when you compare it with the english one
I feel so embarassed to other countries because of what this stupid ignorrant man did
— that means I know nothing about it
These people do not believe that you have right to insult the president of the country but I highly doubt they would upheld this bullshit if the president was someone they dislike.
Turkish QWERTY with ı, ğ, ç, ş, ö, ü on computer
* [Nemrut Dağ] (1987)
If it's just three then, Turkish, English, Indian
They love talking about the rich secular elite while islamist tax evading bussinessmen drive in range rovers and most students and youn working people can barely pay rent.
Almost all Jews in the empire were Sepharads, including the Balkans.
According to AKP voters: Whole World vs Ottomans.
[It remind me this]
Well, yeah, but it should also be remembered that most of Central and West Asia was under Persian cultural dominance for centuries
Sultan gave country to British, Italian, French, Greek, Armenian
I cannot wrap my head around that.
As for the question, It would be one of these: Kokoreç, mussels with rice, tantuni, islak (wet) hamburger
People do talk about how the GDR was more liberal when it came to sex gender and relationships than FRG.
Atatürk wanted a democratic republic to govern turkey but he knew that if multi party elections took place an islamic party would win.
Libya is literally heat itself so it got copyright claimed
[British males between the ages of 18-30]
Mainly English, but also French / Turkish if the situation calls for it
it depends on your accent
Lol, a Moroccan looks nothing like an Albanian even though neither of them have blonde hair or blue eyes.
Especially so when his party is in confidence only because of a tenuous coalition
It helps knowing how much you should negociate for when discussing salaries with your employer
You just sit on your comfortable couch and watch or read the news
It seems like our translators didn't want to spend much time on it lol
No, I am not talking about being pretty or some human shit
Ah thanks a lot
Turkey in the past had hang politicians for corruption that doesn't even come close to the daily waste in his palace
I guess you guys went vertical, explains why you are super rich, no admin spent on coring will do that.
None of these marches are used by AKP I would advise you to read my comment again
Matterhorn
Mix of water, turnips, black carrots, salt and garlic
You can use mathematics to see if something can work before wasting millions on it.
And they were ugly af to use
We jeopardized the messenger: an opposition point of view of Turkey.
Biggest reasons are the education system, job problems, economic shitshow in my home country
However, as a new survey reveals, there is one area where young people’s views are not so progressive: free speech.
They need major reforms or something, otherwise it would be really dumb for us to join.
We had quite a number of suicide bombings recently and you wouldn't believe the amount of shopping centers here.
Don’t publicly criticize Erdoğan or you go jail bye bye
Holy shit, that looks good
Well, Ataturk was born in what is today Greece, but the place was under Ottoman control at the time so I'm not sure if that counts
> Turkey
I guess the Turkish "eşkıya" who were some kind of bandits, although they also usually did vigilantism in areas without law&order
Also the infrastructure is not as good as in the western parts
Mother giving hair dryer to elder kid to keep warm and hanging herself in the other room
Some justice porn: [This] is what happens if you hit a stray dog in Turkey.
This video is fake and subtitles are just lies that has nothing to do with what they say...
Agree as a Turkish
we have same foods with greece and middle east
You never get used to it
I didn't expect it to taste well at all
According to that map though I live in a district that isn't really at risk, so that's nice.
*kopya çekmek* (v.) to make a copy
I hope you understand that too.
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
Argh I have a ton but now you ask I can’t think of any
Because the longer a minority has been present in a country, the better they do (generally).
Even if they did, their ethnicity is Turkic now, simply because language is the main factor of ethnicity for much of the world.
You also have such a beautiful culture
After the shooting for some time people acted like their style was anything but edge for the sake of shock value.
Also Rumeli (Roman Land) for all of Balkans
When I visited the UK I first went to London and a year later I went to Edinburgh and I think London doesn’t stand a chance compared to Edinburgh
Lmao, we used to have that shit too
So there will be international court to solve this problem
109 people died and 500+ got injured that day
Can somebody explain the right wing populism export
That image is what carries him through the shortcomings of Turkey currently.
It is definitely not a German school.
I know you're not claiming that, just a general question on how Turkish logic works there.
They even kept the branding same.
It was a great experience
yes
Hammer salesmen don't earn a living among painters
You could leave it blank if you'd like by applying to the state, but from what I heard it was an arduous process and it lead to some minor discrimination when dealing with people so most people didn't do it
That doesn't have anything to do with Darwin himself.
bin bir, bin iki, bin üç...
Did they really propose an anti-vaccine law, in fucking 2016?
I think Erdogan possessed this guy.
They are also suffering near the border region at night, they only have their backpacks with them and don't know when they can cross the border
My name basically is street name in Poland
"Oh look, free water for the farms
HDP still has voters that are Islamist.
Anything above 25 degrees is too much for me
Having more than 1 third person pronoun (like English he/she/it) is still weird for me
I haven't seen this goggly eyes one.
It's not in the example, but I think it fits the question
I wonder if she planned that or if it's just a result of the grand coalition.
I get what everyone is saying, but they are only focusing on sterile urine.
I only assumed terrorism because of this
It's generally agreed that modern day nutritional values of most of the food you eat have deteriorated.
10 = on
I'm guessing it's a loan word from Arabic for Portugal.
Wait 2 years till I graduate and get a working and staying permit in germany
Win/win
Referendum results will more precisely show that but my take on it is this; %40 of the country is made out of people you are also witnessing today.
We have a long way to go to reach you guys
My favorite Pantheon, it's amazing
Me neither
Can I be a part of your family
AKP and MHP have far more Bosniaks in their ranks that I know of
heh
Erdogan uses to his polarizing rhetoric through all the propaganda channels to divide the people
Fun fact: We pronunce 10 as “on”. So Neon is very easy to learn
i literally never seen a rat in istanbul
A modicum of respect for human rights and democracy is not ‘European values’, it’s *human* values, values which Turkey is failing to satisfy right now
Also, a lot of food goes to waste because of this system
I like European people, I really do
>What do they look like
Snake/Sinek (Sound similiar):
or Islanders knowing akp supporters..
The AKP and their followers today think that they are getting their revenge of that 1980 coup.
This, is not one of them
Turkey committed only 1500 soldiers and already captured half of Al-Bab from ISIS only in 4 days.
I thought troll was a mythical creature that lives under a bridge!
I hope our situation gets better as well
Further west, more open
The Uyghur language is related to the Turkish language to the extent that you can hold an extremely slow, basic conversation; but it is also not similar enough
Now they are sucking Germany
Students go to school at dark, and employees do not see sunlight in a day except the working hours
Creating a bosphorus from Black Sea to Arctic Sea would solve the issue
I have a picture of my favorite band, Rage Against The Machine
Also the first air travel was done by Evliya Çelebi in the 17th century
Never talk about politics, religion or sexuality with people you don't know very well
There's gold in them there hills.
/r/Europe isn't an outlet for propaganda
Its user base is pretty consistent with the Turks in European subs and in Reddit in general, which is to say it doesn't represent the country's population very well.
Don't be mislead by Turkish date
Sounds of prayer call from mosques
Taking it too far is how you get a dystopia
France was not deceived by such games," Erdogan said.
I hope he will guard our votes
they are gonna drag your ass lmao
But if you learn that its very easy
Some people I talked to in the streets legit said “they deserved it” about the Hebdo attacks
lol i did not notice your flair
I’d like to add that we share a lot of common names with Mongolians too
Huh, I thought jamon iberica is the most expensive one
Men and women are equal in the court.
Also Rumeli (Roman Land) for all of Balkans
oraya benim hayatımı yüklersin orospu çocuğu
Or we could just drop a really huge ice cube every month or so to prevent the glaciers from melting
If I understand the visa procedure correctly they will ask for where you are staying each night also during that process.
Then I just fly to Antalya and enjoy the silence and heaven as well :)
You Turks genocided people who were native to Anatolia
However, when its comes to for Swedish person
In addition to the obvious and official ones, I see a growing trend on YouTube with increasing numbers of people reacting to Turkish music videos/introductory clips
I don't feel super close to them, but I feel a nice connection
Resulted people to create a campaign to reforest that area right after news
The PKK commit terror, par excellence.
do i really need to answer
Much more strict of in EU and future EU application
Honestly I wouldn't be opposed to letting Eastern regions secede, they lower our averages quite a lot
I don't think they are oppressed victims, I just say they have the right to self-determination
Whataboutism
Eşek arısı (Wasp) = Donkey bee
Generally we are average at best.
Turkey is the same, almost word for word
It pisses me off how disrespectful that is to every one who suffered due to Gülen prior to the coup, i.e.
They make sure you can't taste anything with copious amounts of spice and greens, which is a good thing when you think about it.
Turkiye sounds too Persian to my ears, if I could I'd change the Turkish name to "Türkeli" anyhow
CIA apologizes to Turkey over ISIL oil trade allegations
Nearly all of the anti-secularization progress were made after the 1981 coup
2) Generic Balkan Country
Meanwhile Google threatens to leave Turkey altogether for a small fine imposed for anti-monopoly laws related to pre-loaded Google apps and Google search bar in Android phones
so i had to make do with a debit card.
Probably that is the reason
edit: I forgot the best one, the word Constantinople doesn't trigger Turks but when foreigners say it by expecting to trigger us, it just annoys us that you think we are that simple
Because for me, Chinese (and in general East Asian) buildings, palaces, temples, cities (the historical parts of them) etc
The Ottoman Empire had a different flag
Look at the soviet union or the roman empire or any other empire and you will understand that when one of these things collapses it's never pretty.
Giving land from Turkey to Greece and vice versa is just genius lmao
Hopefully most of Turkey feels that way...
So in your mind, suicide bombs are justified acts against crimes they allegedly committed.
So, most elements out there "make sense" but the vast majority talked about in daily life do not, hydrogen and helium being notable exceptions
No, i dont want to put myself in danger just because bunch of people love stray dogs
Saye comes to Turkish from Persian, meaning shadow
In few decades, there will be no religious influence in the politics
We call Netherlands "Hollanda" and Hungary "Macaristan
We would use it for tea
Thanks for the shout out
I live in İzmir
Stonehenge
So really there is no particular rush.
First:
Goddamit New Zealand stop taking our spot.
‘Bottom of the hell’ (cehennemin dibi)
And another world war happened, and unlike the first, we choose being neutral
Every Syrian refugee I met somehow managed make new Babies in the last 3-4 years since they seek refuge in Turkey.
Erdogan had a long history as an Islamist.
Inside and outside are really different
Satirists have it a lot better than journalists however they still get sued time to time.
I'm sensing a pattern here
Sağolasın- May you be alive (another delicate way, with more gratitude)
We call it a "badem bıyık", or "almond-stache". Almost exclusive to the AKP and their people, including the Gülenists
Daily life in Istanbul starts before the sunrise
The most difficult one was Nutuk
Send them back and lock your borders.
It is the same as USA killing bin Laden in Pakistan.
Hrant Dink's shabby shoes after his murder
i live in antalya
But his name have been here since the ancient times.
There are thousands of pre ottoman relics from older Turkic empires all around Anatolia but you can hardly find an ottoman investment other than one or two big buildings
I hope one day this tyrannic saudi dynasty will parish and people of arabia will see a more equal,secular and modern society
Because I was born into a mixed-religion family, my parents let me choose my religion by telling me about both Islam and Judaism
Im just waiting for some Europeans to share some colonialism ideas of several Europe countries and their result of deaths lol
Yeah, same
I believe we should put most of these stray dogs in to shelters but the problem with that is shelters are very low quality
As far as I'm aware, around 20% of undergraduate programs use English as a medium of instruction partially or fully
If you ever visit Istanbul, try looking around the area near the ecumenical Patriachy.
Menemen lacks its soul without onions
This is actually very hard question to answer.
According to the same rumor it started as a joke but then became real
"If you don't study and be a man, you would be a garbageman or a builder, maybe you would be a worker in an industrial area"
[Peshmarga] is army of Iraqi kurds not Syrian kurds Turkey is not fighting them.
Not to mention that long range of variety is applied in gastronomy too
Syrian feline refugee seeks asylum in Turkey
Which may or may not be connected to this wrestling
It is like you think it is like similar pronunciation as Italian or Spanish but No they put random sh on “s” and x, ch sounds as “sh”. Pronunciation is the problem
And only 18% of Turks in Turkey support Sharia law.
Avusturya Macaristan
Maybe a bit further than that
is this one more okay
> It's annoying to see a bunch of stupid posts at the bottom of every thread
Well, if we consider the drastic change of the health industry and life conditions at last 100 years
~~I don't live there though~~
Yumurta sarısı (yolk) also translates to eggyellow in English
But that is the characteristic of Turkish nation
Grammarour, European Languages to very different
Yeah it sounded as if someone was choking them I laugh whenever I see a clip of AC Revelations the people on the street sound even funnier than the ones in cutscenes,another great example of horrendous Turkish voice acting would probably be Uncharted 2 it was a realy good game but the Turkish was realy funky
They are almost priceless family heirlooms and not usually sold, unless you are an Arab oil lord, mafia kingpin, heir to a large financial empire or something of that caliber.
Dafuq
Yea but the AKP doesn't care if it alienates liberals.
Another one is showing Forestry
You mean this one
CM 01/02, Transistor, The Swapper, Dark Souls 1 ( Even tough i could not beat Ornstein for a month already.)
But If you say Germany isn't that important yeah maybe you're right
And there we have a few more single vowel words
They are Welsh
Contrary to what many Turkish parents would believe, their child is *not* the most precious thing on Earth
They exchanged envoys and since the Turkic Khaganate acquired a strong grip on the Silk Road, it should not be surprising to find Byzantine coins from the second half of the 6th century in the region where the Western Turkic Khaganate ruled.
Since when people without identity start nationalist wars?
i think it is wrong to associate all the arabs with islamism/radicalism.
I'd say the European Union would be limited to Northwest and Central Europe(and Scandinavia)
EU should do its own thing and let us deal with Erdoğan.
Your flair is quite funny to me because in /r/syriancivilwar the black flag is used by Islamists.
I mean, is qatar bad
Its stable, beautiful architecture( mostly old Armeanian churches and old russian buildings), good infrastructure
Chicago's roads are crazy wide with lots of space to pass, but people were aiming for me there
They will be remain silent
Turkey has the oldest known place of worship, the approximately 12 thousand year old Göbekli Tepe
Artvin's etymology is quite unclear, it was firstly mentioned by Vakhushti of Kartli as "Artvani". Livane is the ancient name of the city also
More than any other country per capita, in fact.
We are not European, we are Anatolian which is a bit of everything around the area, which melted into Turkishness throughout the history.
In Adana, they shoot bullets at sun bcz it was so hot
Technically not “the iron road”
[British males between the ages of 18-30]
As far as I know the new IDs don't have them (I actually just came back home and am trying to get one before I leave, because it looks way more legit than the old ones when you're abroad and you need proof of identification when you don't have a passport)
While effects of cats to local wildlife may be a concern to rural or suburban communities, I don't think it's much of an issue to somewhere as urban as İstanbul or any other major Turkish cities.
I studied in a unknown small city in Italy
Europe supports separatist movements in China but still they have colonies lol
100 = yüz
Ultimate camo
Haha indeed, and it was the worst in the last 5 weeks or so when Access was the content
Pasina IT
I'm hardly an expert on Romanian history, my point was it probably has little to do with communism and a lot to do with Orthodoxy.
You said your money was on russia i said that because usa won't like that it isn't so funny and by the way Armenia first attacked
No, we are not an islam state, Turkish Republic has no official religion although (my guess) %70 of the people are muslims
I've heard you have these because people got worms very often from poor quality diet during WWII, but that's over now and you should join the rest of the sensible world that has the hole in the correct place (except for the Americans who go the opposite direction and just waste water).
They were Turkic, not solely Turkish
Currently Suadi arabia, Iraqi Kurdistan, Qatar, Palastine, Kuwait, Pakistan and Lebanon.
And you need to sign an agreement saying you'll use it for 12 months
Anyone with a bit of network knowledge can bypass the blocks.
It:
Also potassium
I can tell lots of fun facts if you are interested in dark humor
The government is feeding you lies
>rather than call out terrorists who beheaded a school teacher
They were trying to assault the city but ISIS countrr attack so instead of losing men they disabled them and retreated.
Russia also has exit procedures (as in they might not let you go if there are irregularities, though this is rare at the airports, might be a problem on land borders (police are more corrupt in rural areas apparently)).
Gilette: *"Jilet"* - Razor
Turkey could have the most democratic and peace-loving government on earth, but Europe would still pull this shit.
Turning it into a church would mean destroying the tuğras, mihrab and minarets which are important historical artifacts on their own, turning it into a mosque would mean destroying the mosaics, frescos and ancient tombs.
Idiots are idiots, they don't pay attention, psychopaths are aiming for you, and I haven't yet experienced that in Istanbul, while it was a near daily occurance in Chicago
Dont comment at me "but people can't afford shit in Turkey" because I know
The "right wing" here on this sub doesn't really look like regular European right either, it's more like fringe neonazis than traditional conservatives
You mean the one invented in 1972 by Kadir Nurman
Malicious people abuse this like they insult people online and if people reply to their insult with a similar wording, they basically sue you and profit if they win the court
I guess the autonomous territorial unit of Gagauzia is also to claim independence in the case that Moldova's sovereign status change
PKK tried to rally the local population but was only able to rally few people in select few neigborhoods which mostly consisted of kids.
How did Europe become so liberal and tolerant in such a short period?
I doubt anyone thinks Ankara is Kurdish
It's very different from turkish which is an altaic language that's not part of the indo-european family
But what Greece has done to Turkey outweights to what Turkey did
The Schengen Area is a free travel arrangement between most EU countries and some other European countries that aren't members (like Switzerland and Norway).
Albanian Muslim Father
Ugliest must be [Yerevan] though I think it's very charming, and the rest of Armenia is beautiful.
I'm pretty sure Europe is the Canada of Europe.
But if they are spessifically mentioning that it is a gathered knowledge, they use -miş. Same with politicians
What about all the people employed thanks to the existence of cigarettes
When we visit Istanbul, it happens the next day
Donkeytown
So those kind of things, implicit bias, gives me some hope, even the fact that Erdogan is trying SO hard to make it not so for the past two decades and *still* photos like above happen is a testament that Turkey doesn’t really see itself in the Middle East
* geldiymiş (Someone said s/he came, I dont know
Padva FI
If they are treated good and well fed they are playful and harmless.
Our cultures rarely interacted
Yeah i relate to this
İt is so cute
He was deadly serious about cutting all ties with the Ottoman lineage and for the most part, he succeeded in doing so
It wasn't free for a short time after World War 1, between 1919-1923
I am a Turk living in Finland
So that’s to be expected
I've stopped even folowing military news long ago
First Christianity then now , Islam.
its basically same thing
NO !
Norway being mvp for 9 years straight
Help
Its a big source for memes ofc
It'll not believe me
We used to play with legos all the time with my siblings when I was a kid and we weren’t financially great
Independence War and the Republican Era that follows
None of these marches are used by AKP I would advise you to read my comment again
I'm nonbeliever but I still set christmas tree and lights in mid December just because my mom thinks they looks beautiful.My relatives also does.Not because of their beliefs but this has become a part of our culture already.In Istanbul you can see female-male Santa's,trees at shopping malls or at crowded places like night clubs,on big bazaars etc and sales just because of new years eve.Sure muslims don't celebrate christmas but they still celebrate new year like entire world.
**Süleyman the Magnificent** (1494-1566) who was the 10
You can't even elections every week in case someone changes their mind
like what the hell is that even mean?
I'm not here dispute this or that, but this map could be clarified better.
Your heart is in the right place but I'm not sure it's worth it.
Menemen is a Turkish dish, usually eaten for breakfast, which is made of eggs, tomato, green pepper, and (debatably) onion
I can express my feeling more clearly
The oldest church in the world is located in Turkey, rumoured to have been founded by Saint Peter
The reason why the Ottomans fell apart was the Russians
Oh man, i would definitely change it to something like Turkia or something like that
But he died from Alcohol Addiction
Stockholm Syndrome
Erdogan didn't go to University, the current PM does not even know how the internet works
> After the historic 2016 Brexit vote in Britain, a survey conducted within days of the initial vote suggested that a number of Britons (7% of those who voted Leave*) immediately regretted their vote to Leave and would vote to Remain, instead, if given the chance
Never again
Thats impossible for every nation can have their own state
Designed for The Empire and become new heart of the city
For example a person from the Aegean region will hardly understand someone from eastern region
But İstanbul wasn't a safe place due to WW1 and monarchy losing its authority at Ottoman Empire
and Charles the Fifth translates to “Şarlken” Don’t know why
Looks like someone was really proud of his/her kid's drawing
Kemalist wiev is dying day by day but the main reason is not Erdoğan it is the so called leftists-Ataturkists passive attitudes and ignorancy of those people
I was considering voting for them and am very glad that I did not.
Never seen any other deck irl
~~inclu~~d~~es austria~~
Now that I think about it, even the memes cooled off
Yes, and I don't think any of us thinks that they are Nazi
Not original
When it is harvested, we get our share as well and this is how the day ends
Edit: The City's Istanbul btw
If you check out the earthquakes near the end of [this list] you can decide for yourself.
At the end, you will have to recognise Northern Side to sign the reunion deal
These songs are what I can think of right now
Of, a town in Trabzon, people from Of never say they are from Trabzon tho, they insist that Of is and should be a city
Another Turco-Polish tidbit: The Ottomans never recognized the partitions of Poland, and would intentionally annoy Austrian and Russian diplomats by asking where the Polish representatives were
Absolutely
What's the problem with French secularism ?
Body shoppers or car mechanic
Silivri is cold brother
Atatürk as well as many other young military officers saw themselves as "Turk", not as "Mix of Turko-Greek-Slavic->Ottoman."
President Erdoğan: I don’t care if they call me a dictator
Greece
Turkish officers refer to Kasos with its Turkish name -Çoban- hinting that the island is another one of their "gray zones"!
Reunification won't solve anything, as it was the thing that caused the problem in the first place
fool, i only listen to Darude - Look Away
This grievance is brought to you by the **Foundation of People Who Still Believe That Wealth Inequality Between European Countries Is an Aberration That Could Be Solved If There Were No Migrants So Let's Close That Border and Watch That German Money Trickle Down**, est
Ideally, you would start in the one side and then the other side of the Bosporus gets unlocked
Lack of a law making it the official emblem doesn't mean Turkey doesn't have one.
Yeah it is great for click bait but a lot of people belive it(Unfortunately).
He has made a detailed map about Armenian geographical name changes and Armenian settlements in the 19th Century - the second map I have actually used for this map
why you write this
yeah, but when the ottomans collapsed literally everyone decided to invade anatolia, and we kicked them out in the war of independence, abolished the sultanate, and declared a republic
I'd love to hear a source for this claim of yours that Muslims believe pedophilia is a virtue.
Doesn't seem that democratic, does it?
you think turkish media reports it that way?
Nah, we can control the Bulgarians, Serbs are too scary.
His voter base are just fucking imbecciles who would fall for his ''EU can't handle our swag and trying to block our glorious facts, you see what I'm dealing with here
Damn I think Greeks infiltrated the US congress.
For AKP, not sure about MPs, but Hido is president's advisor and I know of some other people within the party like the last head of youth org
my language
I personally don't deny the genocide, you could probably have inferred that based on my comment and so there was no need for you to bring it up and just become another robot that brings up the Armenian Genocide whenever a Turk shares their opinion online
During this journey, [Kösem Sultan] was getting more powerful in Ottoman Empire
If I were you, I'd do my best to leave as soon as possible or learn to adapt because it will be too late.
YPG is the armed branch of PYD.
Erdoğan's method for dealing insults is suing with his army of lawyers
Pentagram is one of my favourite heavy metal bands
(That's what I did understand) Maybe you can change it to " Germany is accused of behaving like Nazi by Turkish President
The unsourced fake news are at it again
Probably, It is because of we did not take part in
Most likely excluded because they force you to read books in school.
Oh, I assume the cape is PELERIN, we have the same in Turkish
I had the best time of my life in there, and I had a chance to visit it recently too, absolutely lovely memories
Nobody asks the people anyway
I start to refrigerate milk after it is opened
Talked English only in chat and voice chat.
As for tertiary in every cirty has university in Turkey
You can add more if there are other songs as well
He is the head of Turkish diyanet(Like pope of Turkey).Some morons didn't condemned the attack and acted like it didn't happen but if a religious leader condemns it that will at least stop them from acting like that.
I think tourism-wise, It is safe as much as France.
if its not against the rules , it wont be taken down
You can see so much climate types in here
That looks closer to something I know as levrek marin, which I make the day before I want to eat it
IIRC they even pondered establishing their own military
kurds and turks living in central and eastern anatolia.
It's compulsory for all Turkish citizens from birth
That was even beyond the error margin.
There is a reason why gulenists are banned in Russia.
It's not something that can just 'end'.
At least not in countries, where certain geographical areas are inclined to vary to significant amount in opinion.
As a Turk I can guarantee you even Erdogan can’t be that stupid
Finland beats the Netherlands again
Only once
They stab a blow up Santa annually in Christmas) is because it's widespread especially in communities that had close connections to Christian communities historically.
Europe isn’t only a geographical term, but also a political and cultural one
Apple usually has a standart price
already but maybe in the future
Akşener will support and rally for İnce
There is still time for that to happen; but im not very hopeful.
It's probably not the whole answer, but the emergence of social sciences probably had an impact.
He's speaking the language of gods
Then the rest will follow I hope
Hello γείτονας :)
Izmir is considered the most secular cities in the country but it's in Anatolia and was home to arguably the most famous Islamist revolt in the history of the republic.
Oğlum (Son)
C’mon Ivaylo you can do better
hahaha i love this country
I remember my 7th grade English teacher from the UK telling me this lol
The other way around, we have a city called “Batman”.
DNS sorduysan 208
Maybe in age 13-14 would be better for explaining age
A little offtopic but is Germany planning to give autonomy to Kurds and Turks?
Ottomas had (what I call it) a dual language system, one for is nobility and state business and one for regular people
If a demographic has a disproportionately higher terrorist count than others, you take a look at what brings them together.
I will go there again as soon as I can
Let me make myself crystal clear about Cyprus.
But others that be don't think
Nobody except Greece and Cyprus cares about us occupying the half of the island.
okay altruistic guy, you're going to get this silver and like it
Is it annoying
I am not sure if it is correct or not
Highly possible
>It's not just the Armenians
The Americans took that away from them and persecuted them, if not massacred them.
But the current major who is the major since 90s. Develloped city
How  [Menemen] is made
***“If the world was only one country, Çorum would be its capital”***
Start with the wikipedia article.
It's really tasty
At the same time, they consider the Netherlands' refusal to accept Cavusoglu as a deliberate choice to bring tension for more votes in the Wednesday election.
We were not just fought with greece, allience and armenia but the ottoman sultanate(Istanbul goverment), islamist and kurdish rebellions too
Would you rather have poisonous materials on our atmosphere or buried deep in a sealed room in the middle of a desert
I learned to not care about downvotes that much.
Citizen of Turkey are weird
No one here dislikes Greece, unlike some vocal minority Greeks I've seen on the internet
Who was doing all the anticorruption stuff I kept reading about.
And they aren't even half naked or wear useless leather bracelets
Secular parties arent an extreme minority in turkey.
Sarma - Serbia
consonants right after each other will also fuck us up for we always have a vowel after a consonant.
Whereas in European cars the ability to navigate the tight, narrow and winding roads that were mostly built before cars is preferred and European cars reflect this
It's the keystone of Japanese occupation of pasific
I was in a small town and the machine was broken apparently so I had to wait for
For example [link ]
Czechia sounds sexy
>Is the state media talking about the march of is it being ignored
It became obvious after a few hours that Gülenists were behind it.
Father: Mahmet Kayaoglu
The word "hayir" means both "no" and "good".
They use a different name, but display pictures of Abdullah Öcalan and no one does anything.
In Latin based alphabet would be Portuguese, in the ones that I’ve tried to learn
You wanna be European so bad you inherited their imaginary moral high horse
They wouldn't even think of punishment types like stoning, beheading, etc.
Right wing people tend to be a bit more cohesive and follow the leader a bit more.
In our country half our debt comes from refugees and other comes corruption
tokyo drifti izleyip köyde traktörle drift yapmaya calısan abinin götüne kamyonla gireyim
And Persians are very different to Arabs, don't mix it up
Idk
This caused [Turkish indipendence war]
You are the guy who believes there were no PKK involvement in Gezi.
no, even i learned british english at school, I always use american english because i like it more
to the west: the Balkans
Are those
Been up in Empire State as well, amazing view
I was thinking about Brexit and the rise of right wing in Europe but this definitely counts too
Romanians of reddit, what they teach about Vlad III in schools?
With this logic a lot of French people are nationalistic as they have a strong "This is France, speak French" approach
i would be making kebab
Dafuq
93 and I don’t like it when people are taller than me so probably not
I do understand that the Dutch don't want their government involved in this, logical in the framework of anglo saxon secularism (French laicite would do this differently) but still allowing a foreign country to use influence in public life like that hurts national sovereignity imo.
[Here you can identify social class and political inclination with staches]
I sometimes even have to google them because all I know is the English version of the word and not the word in my language
We all know you hide nukes in your, err, dunno lakes maybe?
We dont care i just stated a fact you like it or not its up to you
Living in Turkey and Erdoğan is the worst leader I have ever seen
I think it fits very nicely to your criteria, they are awesome
+: (speaks with a perfect Istanbul accent)
Assad is too close to Russia to get any support from EU.
Armenia always do same thing there are no reliable news about that or news source
What?Do you realy think all slaves were sex slaves?
we have yoghurt and turkish people believe turks found yoghurt . but in america yoghurt names is greek yoghurt
Everyone around the world really needs to change their lifestyle so the world will have a chance
At the end, because i didn’t spend too much time with Turkish Literature I was in 70,000-80,000 which I went to university with 25% scholarship
And I haven't heard it from any other source.
My town is a little student town next to the university of 27000 damned souls
We lived with them for 500 years but look at that
Eeeeeeh
Yeeeaaah, No
Too much fat in the foods, my body almost wasn't able to consume the fat
Most people here are agreed that turkey is transcontinental and kind of its own thing
AKP seeming to lose the ground it gained after the coup attempt.
I guess we're talking about the same sound
Becuase Saudi Arabia is a Us ally.
Hahaha
Ow, my lovely country Cyprus
Also I meant in English
Hide yo daughters hide yo jobs
People from the Balkans or dark people from the rest of Europe/West Asia stick out in Scandinavia and wouldn't be able to "blend in" enough to make ethnic nationalists happy.
Turkey is a melting pot of culture
But its just politics I guess
As a Turkish PhD student in the States, I was very surprised to learn that they don't eat octopus here
government is responsible for much of the mess we see in the Middle East today, including Syria.
the 10% idiots, .01% psychopaths, and 89
Makes it easier to communicate with everyone too you aren’t sure which pronoun to use wait you can’t do that they are same for everyone
o7 comrade
Isn't that disrespectful
But during the Genocide there was Ottoman campaign in Persia
We didn't cause millions of people to die in the ME by going into Iraq, we voted against it actually and refused to let US troops use Turkey for their operations in Iraq.
You'll likely spend less
It's not bollocks, this is huffingtonpost bollocks.
I feel like Asian and European in the same time
How is ending talks because Turkey isn't ready is resonable?
So we share all of these things, I feel like all of them together
But we have 2 types, youth and olds
Thank you for understanding, and stay strong
The last time french had a revolution, they tried to conquer europe
As far as I know, no-one apologized for that either
The entire argument would go anything beyond incessant whining if electoral college was not known beyond a single candidate.
Hate crimes happen on both sides
Their political state is also "generous to themselves/to their own wealthy, super cheap with helping others
So only citizens from countries with democratic leaders can criticize Trump?
But if the event is being explained in perspective of History -di will be used
If every lawyer were not to defend any bad guys, when do you think it will begin to spread to the other side of the line?
The rebels cannot advance anymore however I highly doubt they'll lose idlib.
Tbh this kinda irritates me because it doesn’t look like kebab here at all
That's interesting
We do shoot at the sun so I wouldn't really be surprised tbh
Yeah, that isn't going to happen unless they are zealously patriotic.
"Ekmekli Dede" (literally the grandpa with bread)
how many refugees are there in your city?
It is a Turkish dish, not Greek
Well he does have a neurological disorder after all...
Maybe if you whine enough, Constantinople will be Greek again.
Also has the man of the people charm, not too elitist
He doesn't look that diabolical tbh
menemen (a traditional dish in turkey) is better with/without onions
So that's quite normal for police officers to prevent them from making a provocative speech which will explicitly or implicitly praise terrorist groups
If he lets cyprus go he will lose a lot of votes.
Finland looks better as balls
Can confirm
no need for shovel davarishch what are you western pigdog?
Why are you spreading misinformation?
Every citizen is assigned a ballot, your id is checked off a list when you go, but your vote is secret.
He was a CEO of important corporations and is now a government minister, some say he is the shadow prime minister.
65 euros
>  I still think Erdogan is a bad leader besides that though, seeing how "well"  Turkey's economy is doing
We have wolf
Nationalist and religious votes as well
Adana
Conceivable
&#x200B;
Its so fun every year
[This is the democracy Kurds face in Germany
Because 12nm will create disproportionate increase of borders thanks to hundreds of small islands which are directly next to Turkey.
[American Defense Secretary Ashton Carter confirmed "substantial ties" between the PYD/YPG and the PKK
he meant satirical, Zaytung is the Turkish Onion.
Don't worry, I lost my ability to empathize with these people as well (including many others hence the elitist comments) At this point, my only similarity with these people is that we all speak Turkish and possibly born in the same country
Which instantly turned out, you have to study Math and Science(Physics, Chemistry and Biology) to get into this university
Liechtenstein ’s is pretty unique, I don’t see any competition here
and Charles the Fifth translates to “Şarlken” Don’t know why
Luckily for me, this summer has been unusually wet and cool here but we as human beings around the world are getting really fucked
There are 39 mps from MHP which might fuck us up.
If you have 8 lessons a day there is a 40-50 minute break after the 4th or 5th lesson
000 people homeless
Like I said, I wasn't pointing the rightness of the operation or anything
And when it comes to talk about Turks, Turkey, our ancestors and our history everybody feels free to say whatever the fuck they like
They are cities, but definitely not on the same level as an average German city.
Howdy
[Duman - Bu Akşam]
" What kind of a monster would give this name to their child
So we paid a lot of foreign currency to do shortened military service.
When I said "you have to wear that veil thing whenever you are outside in Turkey" it was based on a real event
Those are excluded.That number is higher than it normally is but most of them are 60-70 year olds that never had a good education and were forced to work in their parents jobs(now this doesn't happen.Every Turks has to finish Highshool.Some parents still wants their children to learn jobs from people like mechanichs so goverment also opened new schools for them.Now they get licences and only learn how to be mechanics etc.).
Bally: *"Bali"* - Rubber glue
Or maybe you are informed but average european and american thinks this is quite new.
(That’s excluding Ankara but personally I don’t find it interesting either
there are no true christians, jews or muslims in the world.
Also 101 years ago today Grand National Assembly founded and Ottoman government overthrown
Milks and eggs are not in the refrigerator section at the market but we refrigerate them at home cuz no one likes lukewarm milk ...
despacito
* [City of Safranbolu] (1994)
If there isn't a offical turkish subtitle, almost always there is a 3rd party patch/mod for it
As long as the chains turn, revolutions are on the horizon
It's highly contextual, actually turkish humor is highly contextual, so it requires a lot of background.
The good thing about BiTaksi is you know the approximate fare beforehand if you enter the address, and the address is forwarded to the drivers phone so only minimal interaction is necessary
I hope mr
It is nice to hear that
You can't change that with political arguments.
First, you need to attend to a driver school for theoretical courses.
Anladım sağolasın
Fucking cats everywhere, especially in Istanbul
If the palm of your hand is itchy, you'll get money from somewhere
I just like yellow lisance plates
Armenians and greeks strongly believe the jet shut down, turks and azeris strongly believe it is not, so it is a belief issue
And there is good airflow too
Tho if you go to eastern sides of Turkey, people still love him so much
Kebab is not a sandwich its a way of preparing meat Döner which is a type of meat,between two breads is a sandwich
Tnx for the info and being sensible :)
From what I understand, one looks like a shopping mall and the other is a home improvement retailer
If you don't count [Tünel] in Istanbul
I think that's great, Donald Trump is the asshole of the republican party spewing bullshit out of his mouth anus.
Creating a bosphorus from Black Sea to Arctic Sea would solve the issue
CHP never claimed to be pro-European, which is the total opposite of anti-imperialism, which is in the foundation of Kemalist ideology.
Or because whenever Turkey IS mentioned in a movie or show, it's either some action scene in Istanbul, or some political state the protagonist has to respond to
This isn’t entirely true but it mainly is like that
> recent bullshit they've been doing
Nöisz
So one doesn't feel more European or Asian, one feels everything together
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
This is urban hell
^(-Japanese are bad at English-)
So I guess the relationship might become more equal even without a solution to the Cyprus problem
I don't know much about Hungary's station, but the way leaders like that act isn't much different wherever you are in the world
Don't see Erdogan saying people to attack anyone as well.
There's something about Swedish that sounds so melodic, so I'll have to go with that
Education is quite poor in Turkey, teachers are underpaid and often not well educated themselves.
Imgur and Reddit aren't blocked, but i.imgur and i.redd
**not a big deal**
I didn't say anything about hating Turks.
This isn't some decree from God
That's also why most racists are antisocial: they rarely meet anyone outside their close circle.
Especially Antalya has a personal relationship with him since Santa was born in Demre.
Your biggest fans might become your biggest enemy if economy went down .
I'd say Turkish, English, French and German are already quiiiiite enough
I'm melting
So yeah
I wouldn't want to leave Turkey, but it looks like I'll have to due to the economy + being trans
He's the one that suggested we buy Deutsche Bank that ended up in quite a fun thread here with Germans playfully begging us to do it.
Kurds are split 50-50 AKP-Opposition
Rich people don't buy the shitty park drugs
Usually begs for 50 kuruş (to buy a glue to inhale and trip to) and threatens you if you refuse
Edit: Just realized most here have no idea what a Yenimahalle or Tunalı Hilmi or any other district of Ankara is, my bad
The protester shouts "Mr
A better way to think about it is the choices you make in constructing a new public building
This includes the president and state property but they should be treated equally
It’s unbelievable how much influence China gained during his rule while it was literally one of his focuses to stop them
Pavia IT
USA shouldn't help them in the first place without any control
This is a sarcastic document about it
About Döner, well, nobody counts Döner as kebab in Turkey
Keep believing every single propaganda terrorists perform on the Internet but it won't change the reality
Tırreks/Kekos:For those who have no brain due to excessive usage of drugs
Why would we want Iran land
They are not there for sight seeing.
İt snows 2-3 times in Istanbul but then melts a day later
* "We were subjected to all kinds of torture, including electricity, but the worst was sexual torture
We use it as just mail instead
Well it can be but it can also be some ridicilous Annan-like plan which Greek Cypriots would never agree but AKP thinks it's good etc.
2nd dumbest thing was to push forward to the West a.k.a underestimating the Russians
(Example, [both] of [those] images are considered kebab, but they do not look alike each other right
One on bottom of shower or bathtub, one on higher on bathtub for preventing over flown and last is in floor for if over flown happens can prevent spreading into house
Turkey has the world's highest density of archaeological sites per area, world's oldest temple in Göbeklitepe (though an older one has recently been found nearby) and 2 of the 7 wonders of the ancient world
Someone looking at this mapn will think half of Turkey was majority Armenian
One guy asking if deserts are hot.
I Like Orange color tint
It used to be more popular at these days beards were referred as  "makeup of the males". This is changing thought, there are a lot of teenage girls in Turkey that admire beardless Korean man in K-pop videos
*I* brought this here
at least 10m people speak arabic in turkey
This is what it does
Continental: I have no idea
Süleyman Demirel was a real memer
Erdogan would be gone if we joined the EU right now.
Le trône
> Turkey
I was in Spain last year, although i loved the country there is a lot to criticise in many aspects such as education, politics etc like Turkey
The picture was taken moments after 1999's Düzce Earthquake and it was the second massive earthquake in the region in 3 months
It sounds pretty good
It was a great way to solve most of the border disputes at the time.
Do you have a link to interview?
As if Erdoğan gives a shit about the rest of the world he only cares about 48% of Turkey.
Sounds like a weird sex story
Turkish sources also specify the place, distance and the time.
They don't want an authoritarian government but most people are scared to talk.
Saying that Turkey attacks "Kurdish people" when fighting PKK/YPG is like saying that US attacks Afghans when fighting against Taliban or Muslims when fighting against ISIS
The ones lucky enough to find a job generally make minimum wage only
Look for my country first if someone has replied or not, if not answer it first then read other replies
Well you just posted her face with the info that she starred in over 200 amateur films and has +11k followers on twitter
Ay ken sıpik ingiliş.
We have had it since 2002, there is no light at the end of the tunnel.
It really is much better propaganda for them if you block them.
You're framing the idea simply as a massive invasion though.
Romania be like: nonononoyes
We worship to our state
But not your regular dances nor specifically folk
You must obey the protocols when hiring for government
The war practically barely touched the Ottoman Empire
Cries in turkish
Let's look at how many Turks lived in Greece in those days and how many live there now.
The Gökturks assimilated the natives (to a certain degree; Islam).
If so, yeah, of course
Justin Mccarthy not once denied any genocide.
It's said that death penalty was overused in England
I've been researching about this for a while however most places have high tuition fees for non-EU citizens.
As a high schooler i am scared
Yeah covid mutation first seen in the UK
Marginally but still, nice
DONT G I V E  U P
It’s orange flavoured, the colour is also orange but for some reason people call it yellow lol
So they wanted to find somewhere secured but also not far away to war zones.
I am fluent in tongues and violence.
That saidn
The ice was formed in the rivers flowing into the black sea, apparently explosives were used to dislodge them to continue river traffic and they all collected at the Bosporus, which then froze over and people could cross the entirety.
I don't like how the things are in Turkey but that doesn't mean I would jump on the first plane and go somewhere else.
What source do you use for this claim?
Are you older than 35
İt is Wales not United Kingdom please
Literacy in central Europe look like Holy Roman empire
So do you think this justifys it?
> Population doesn't make for a good country
Greece is in western europe, Russia isn't in eastern europe, they are their own thing like us.
Revolution history and Atatürkism/Kemalism
A lot of people changed quite fast, and even in Turkey, I hear and read comments that either use Çekya(Czechia) or use Çek Cumhuriyeti(Czech Rebuplic) first and correct themselves to Çekya
I'd say Turkish, English, French and German are already quiiiiite enough
Most people here are agreed that turkey is transcontinental and kind of its own thing
As a turk, this shit pisses me off
Speak for yourself
I dispise this man
As a muslim macron doing well ı dont want known as terrorist because of some idiots
I don't know much about Dutch politics or what else he stands for, but he seems to be the only one voicing those concerns.
Carefour is French
It has 1069 episodes according to google
oh yeah it's orthodox, sorry i confused it with a meme.
sanctions alienates the people, it doesnt accomplish the imagined consequence
And its not a completely unrelated war
which is why I don't blame Erdogan for trying to diversify his relationships with those other than NATO.
Maybe it’s because we don’t hear Brits trying to comment over our internal things and urge us this and that and no sanctions and shit
Ahval is anti Turkey newspaper is being funded by America exiled Turkish coup platter Fetullah Gulen, and to claim protesting people are in search of Armenians to kill is just utmost bullshit propaganda
few in number and unreliable "article"s.
But my words look accurate for mediterrenean coasts to scandinavians, at least among the redditers
Dawn with the Red
Turkey: Döner Kebap
At least this is how I encounter these types
We have a city called Batman and batman doesnt even live there
Reading it I wondered why Murakami specifically chose Finland in his novel but not somewhere else
It's what this means in practice.
Reality has a way of offending some people sometimes.
We idiots should form an Empire again :3
Please comfort me by saying "this expressions doesn't help any to hatred towards Turks".
Pleasant in Istanbul :)
No problem at all
I was very interested in Swedish culture as some interested in Japanese (Started with Swedish metal music)
Erdogan is the worst diplomat ever but I don't think you really understand what a military assault means.
Do you realize not many Muslims or Arabs (which are mostly the attackers in these attacks) follow or like Erdogan
We are the bastion of Western values.
You are right that Turkey was a terrorist's haven though, so many PKK and ISIS members coming in and out of Turkey.
But the biggest group of people is furthest away from the stop.
But the thing is that Ataturk and his ideals are not thought well enough to the people
those schools have 1 million students out of 20 tho.
- I've never been to any religion related place, Ive never read Quran or Bible etc etc-
Tho it is really easy to communicate
There is a lake called 'Tuz Gölü', which means Salt Lake which a left over from that era
Turkey wants to troops to stay there until agreement signed
We should found New Turkey on the moon, without Islamists this time.
Hatay did have a flag, but they were independent at the time
I feel you
So the 99% figure is definitely unrealistic as only people registered as Christians or Jewish or other religions are registered
I didn't see the whole island, maybe because of that I thought so.
Noone gives a damn about the ascension.
As far as i know an underground depot with thick lead walls can pretty much keep all the radiation inside
Nigel Farage Interviews Marine Le Pen 15.03.17
The kids are not allowed to touch it and kids being kids, one if them takes it and combs the rocks, the well, everything
Doesn’t matter how rich you are, or how elegant reception you want, there’s always gonna be oyun havası or halay
The caliphate is not meant to be a small stretch of territory, but a global empire.
40 C is the threshold where I wanna peel my skin off and swallow ice cubes
Who died because of the terrorist attacks of this fuckers
It’s Arabic, not Turkish
Don't mess with the world order, that doesn't end well for anyone.
Damn, if Marie Antoinette heard these shits, she would definitely die from jealousy
The tree decoration comes from the tree of life belief which is pretty common among pagan belief systems.
I think just saying 'no' to refugees and having to accept them anyways due to lack of constructive policies is really popular in right-wing circles
I know you use some sauces (sauces are no no) but
What do you mean by nature
those 3D floor decorations looks like real fish./s
Not just to the US but to Schengen countries too.
) means "to fall" in Turkish, but it's something like "to land" in Azerbaijan
Islam will never be moderate or tolerant
Look at all these terrorist supporters(!) Go arrest 1.5 million people there if you can.
To fix it I think you should add a colon to the end of the flags, like " :flag-de: living in :flag-dk: ".
It's pretty positive when it comes to them actually
I swear
Yeap, a lot of our words also similar
Same in Turkey
Also, students have to go school at dark in the morning
What's the worst country in Europe to drive through?
For Europeans and half of the Turkey: Erdogan
Our correct number is 112, 911 directs to emergency services (ambulance)
The reason is being buttfucked while trying to get your country in a good place by the organizations including EU.
Hello Mr Speaker how can i get a country badge ?
Love from Turkey
Actually I'm not a pro eurasian
oh, I thought they were kicking out german citizens, phew
-Aga ( comes from ağa, which translates to landowner)
Sorry if my grammar is bad
Not enough to stop me from biking because its really good for me and a lot of fun, but GOD DAMN are chicago's drivers fucking crazy
At this point, it seems you will just disregard any evidence I post
I'm not expecting any meaningful change.
Did I say all of the protesters are terrorists?
I am pretty sure a lot of people know Yavuz Sultan Selim (Selim I)
> Has Turkey on the map
The Turkish word for "Ottoman" (Osmanlı) originally referred to the tribal followers of Osman in the fourteenth century, and subsequently came to be used to refer to the empire's military-administrative elite.
And my mindset is exactly opposite why would i cheer for people who basically compete for themselves.
Grandayy lives there so it's 100% positive
Well, no, it doesn't sound like gibberish
He yells in native Turkish before firing gun.
In Turkey we celebrate New Year's instead of Christmas and we even have Santa Close etc.
God emperor Trump and Sultan Erdogan's forbidden love.
Most of our (Turks of today) ancestors were barely even aware of the war, they were nomads or lived in rural villages
It was a daily trip so we couldn't tour the whole island.
And one time we flew to Bergen from Amsterdam with my friends to see the fjords and I think you are so lucky to be so close to Norway and not have the limited daylight and very cold weather (colder than Amsterdam at least) so you can just visit and come back home without having to survive  the cold and dark times of Nordic countries
And they treat tacos as some luxury food so they're expensive as hell
Such an imagination
therefore argueing if one does culturally fit or not is stupid.
They say in a sarcastic tone “Not everyone has to study
Government propoganda, TRT
They might get sucked into this quagmire.
In the districts with immigrant density, I believe
[ 65 per cent of an age group that can operate only on reading comprehension level one by the PISA test]
Get all the posts from Spain and France as well, line them up and go there by bike.
Battlefield 1-Monte Grappa
HDP actually wants regional autonomy and thinks of nationalist independent Kurdistan supporters within the party as fringe cases.
It's used when texting
This guy knows pretty much nothing of Turkey and yet speaks like he knows shit.
A great number of people can read arabic text, but they didn't take Arabic language and grammar lessons (for religious reasons
Con meyd his vey tu a tevırn tru dı dark forıst, onliy tu faynd aat det hi forgat dı maniy
However, the government says things like "We're very powerful", "Our economy is great
- A shoe shiner "accidentally" dropping his brush while walking in front of you and pretending not to notice, then offering you a free shoe cleaning session if you return it to him as a "thank you" gesture
>  A great number of people can read arabic text,
So many building collapsed and trapped the victims that night
They are not gonna drop dead, don't worry
but still, a hostile parilment can be a nice thorn in his side
They come here every summer and her mother came too this one time (her parents are divorced)
or japanese
r/madlads
When this thing happened in our country most of us really devastated
Yüz - hundred, swim, face
edit:spelling
Not as much as a normal tenant would pay but just some to help out so we weren’t taking the piss
I didnt count Americans when spit out "westerners" because of I guess an ordinary american have no clue what is going on in Turkey
It's beatiful
[You would be surprised] [at the people protest Father Christmas in this time of the year in Turkey.]
But I've never seen anyone call it that
That doesn't sound too different from Western Turkey.
She seems super cool
"Kanka" is the most common, being a shortened version of "Kan kardeşi" or "blood brothers"(I think that is the literal translation
You have polar bears
In my local park some mafia tried to get his hand on enriched uranium
Ottomans, allied with Germany, Austria-Hungary and Bulgaria, fought in five fronts against Russia, British Empire, Italy, France, Greece, Armenia, and also against Armenian, Greek and Arab rebels within the mainland.
Nope
There is just too much place to visit in germany for guy that love history
It will probably take hours to explain what he did for us and my english is not that good when it comes to politics
If you avoid bad neighborhoods you should be fine
The problem is, according to the constitution the president should be a symbolic non-political title (it always was before Erdoğan) so it's not that easy to persecute him.
These are some of the German words in the Turkish language
Idk what happened next
There's a saying in Turkish "it's a fun country if only we weren't citizens of it".
Sounds nice, explains that it is a land inhabited by Turks
Can anyone come up with a remotely good justification for the EU expanding into the Middle East and having land borders with Syria, Iran and Iraq?
Even today no country is kind to rebels...
But if Iraq government says they can leave the country with peace
"Dracula you sly bastard, I know you are there
Protectionism limits economic freedom because it is against free trade, thus it is a left wing position.
) It's my personal favorite tied with the Anatolian Civilizations Museum in Ankara
Turkey and TRNC are too connected
Why they picked Selena Gomez And why made her wearing a turban
It is true that there was only one election to elect the president and the vice president, in which the candidate that received the highest number of votes would become the president and the one that received the second highest would be the vice president
Lmao
Majority of the Kurds in Turkey are conservative and religious, well above the average of Turkey.
I get the joke but the statement is referring to the political power of the dollar since Trump was threatening with embargo
Germans don't owe us anything, the German government does
Do you seriously think that Erdoğan believes what he said
Well, do I have bad news for you.
We find it rude to tell guests what they should do, so we didn't tell her what was wrong
The number of religious people is decreasing like hell in the new generation because of Erdoğan's policies
No articles
Popeye translated as “Temel Reis”. When it is translated, it will help to intergrade to your culture
They defeated the Ottomans with the help of half of the Europe.
Sevda was imported from Turkish into Greek and other Balkan languages.
Until 7th Grade, I was loving studying learning new stuff everyday, getting better understanding the world, my country, my culture
Dude we were your archnemesis
I was actually going to play as Byzantium and restore the roman empire but felt like this might have been a bit overwhelming on my first ever play of a genre I never played before (Stellaris is 4x too but you will quickly realise their only similarity is being 4x.)
Mostly due to stress Istanbul has been causing
I think the commentor is emotional in this one and only look at bad things, therefore didin't mention why thr coup happened
that link suggests that greeks tried to remove basic rights of ethnic turks, threatened to kill them and tried to ethnically cleanese them.
beer, bier, biere, bierra cervesa, cerveza, cervexa
I'm talking about the hypocrisy of the western world - not you, not something personal - and this sub, cuz while Greek Cypriots are heros, no one mentions about the Turkish side
It's safe to assume he didn't like it in a philosophical level too, since personally he was always against collective punishment especially in a national scale.
I remember being surprised that some people sounded much friendlier than others, couldn't tell if it was an accent
" for religions as one believes its true cause they believe with their whole heart
A luxurious apartment in one of Istanbul's best neighborhoods
Us secular turks stand with you guys
But your assumption has two major flaws:
It's basically yoghurt with some water and salt
Off topic but I love how Croat sounds.
The cats are fine though
I would really like to see a game about the Spanish Civil War
But why ?
Are you dim
EU will throw Greece under the Bus.
Best Greek singer
Also dictators tend to be left alone when they lose an election.
Old complains time to time how they did things different than when they were in our age
What the
As a turk that join gezi this peaceful protest are useless
Taxi drivers are well known with their tourist scams
Fun fact: We pronunce 10 as “on”. So Neon is very easy to learn
It's true that he was likely born in what is today Turkey in Western Coast of Anatolia
The average gopnik isn't too different from my retarded countrymen.
This is Yeni Mosque in Eminonu.
Well there was no historical rivalry between Belgium and us but the Russia is the main guy who killed Ottoman
But in these days the real problem is the declarations of exclusive economic zones
But, I can check it now
Hopefully we will get rid of these cockroaches with the next election
That's true, but I don't think the Greek government would be willing to unite Cyprus unless it is done under the conditions they want, which would undermine equality for all Cypriots
Would you be okay if that Terror Organisation creates that much land on your border
I'm questioning the information provided to make an accurate assumption as a reader.
Which I have to placed in at least 80,000/2,200,000(the year I have taken the class) people to minimum to enter to private university with around 25% to 50% scholarship
Oh yeah
Turkey/Georgia
Most people say something like this lately and if Atatürk could see us today, he would tell us to stop waiting for someone else to save us and start changing the situation ourselves
For French : I can understand Spanish if it's spoken not too fast(About 60-70%),
It's not the native language of at least 20 mil citizens
Yes, Portuguese are usually pronouncing “Cheap” as “Sheep”.  You end up wondering if they bought it cheap or with sheep
By keeping everything everything vague, creation of an alternative reality that most of the nation can believe in becomes easier
Yup, ask the "freedom fighters" lol
Phrygians
But in the old Turkish religion, god of the moon (Ay ata = father/grandfather moon) was a man and the goddess of the sun (Gün ana = mother day) was a woman
hey us turkish got off easy
Only if you are gingers, world needs more of those.
but ragnar was such a cool guy
I cannot read it but it is probably legal to be used as a parking some hours per day
I always think of it as this: rightwing means religious, and east is more religious than west so on the map east is right.
They’re so cute
This one is not universal unfortunately
Hazelnuts
Lozan diyorlar, '18 adayı kaybettik' diyorlar.
Minimum wage simply just isnt enough for a healthy diet
I think thats more of a Mediterrinean thing, assuming you mean thousands of years by 'old as fuck'
On one point he or someone from his party said they are the one who put fridge in house, They are the one who brought water to Istanbul
Athens for beauty and history
The historical peninsula is rich I’ll give it that but it’s packed with people so it hammers the experience
Only a wannabe crusader like you would twist everything on the previous posts and project stuff, gives irrelevant examples and put Germany to central and eastern Europe.
As for anti-vax, I blame it on the big corporations who have broken the trust of people
So much linguistic and cultural heritage and diversity was lost with the Hellenic conquests in Anatolia.
Perfect name for my indie rock band
However they came there, they are in Estonia now as legal citizens of native birth.
While I don't currently see any threat, but we do not get along well with most of our neighbors (Armenia, Greece, Syria) and we still have disputes to this day
pepsi max really ? i believe smoking has affected her taste
You should have seen their red handed faces
It looks like its meant to spread infectious diseases
She doesn't have a point, this is flat out populism
I said this thread was full of ultranationalists (posted before I posted that comment) all arguing a certain way.
Otherwise university students use it frequently because they don’t have time for things like that
Result was after local elections cities that changed to CHP gave out information about how most of the cities about to bankrupt
where tf is turkey
My point was that the administration that did the massacres and the administration that managed war of Independence were different and as such previous administration's actions cannot be precedent over whether the latter they did something or not.
When does someone good start to become bad?
You were nazis
Our leaders need to publicy warn Erdogan and his ISIS supporting army
Consider comparing google pixels and iphones
Even though they were the first Arabs rebelling us :)
I truly hope you guys can achieve what we couldn't;
**Menemen may be made with onions, but the addition of onions is often debated and is more common when menemen is eaten as a main dish, rather than at breakfast
Syria has never been an oil economy.
The political party that represents them(HDP) is mostly made out of social democrats.
I think ^ is considered as a specific mark.
Definetely "Kolay gelsin" phrase which basically means "I hope your job will be easier".
For a while I kept wondering about this word "ceyar" that I kept hearing in old Turkish movies.
\- It would be great if the song have some distinctive elements about the country (optional)
The Tatar is straight up Lenin
Also, the studies about the places are mostly in Ottoman Turkish and are kept secret
Half of the people I saw there were obviously undocumented.
It is going on since then
I think it literally came from english
Nobody likes Ankara except people from Ankara
Turkish youth smokes a lot, it’s considered a “popular” thing to do and so do a lot of middle aged people
We learn some stuff about your country
> I hope Russia will hit the Turks
Having a strong accent is typically tried to be avoided as it is perceived a bit too rural in general
Did you notice that whenever the economy of either Turkey or Greece goes to shit the issue comes up again?
There was Auchan where I could buy them for cheaper and just as amazing with different sorts of filling
Yeah it sounded as if someone was choking them I laugh whenever I see a clip of AC Revelations the people on the street sound even funnier than the ones in cutscenes,another great example of horrendous Turkish voice acting would probably be Uncharted 2 it was a realy good game but the Turkish was realy funky
Writers of the movie probably forgot this and ran as a Polish Jew
Californian license plate & Egyptian license plate
Such an imagination
Here is the proof that Turkey shot down the alleged armenian jet
Today, the  national sovereignty and children's day
The polls show that they still need a couple more million votes to make him a Sultan in the upcoming referendum, so they need the diaspora to go and vote.
EU has no idea about what's really going on Turkey but has endless prejudices about everything in here, broad your perspectives, not always Erdogan means all the Turkish people
If western europe could get back up after WW2 which was only decades ago, maybe stop blaming the ottoman empire for your problems that collapsed a century ago
The head of the conservative party, Binali Yildirim had recently called on the Turkish government to reclaim 18 Greek islands in the Aegean Sea he claimed belonged to Turkey
Father said: Whole family used to meet once in a month before my grandpa passed away
Something non ethical like "Republic of Anatolia" but Turkey has got some lands over Anatolia and even this comment probably make anger some nationalist redditors, I can't even imagine how people get mad
Thanks to all people who actually tried to discuss my points
It's true that he was likely born in what is today Turkey in Western Coast of Anatolia
Inevitably a lot of it ends up bolstering foreign equities rather than European ones.
There are lots of people in Turkey is not ethnically Turk
Turkey = Isis
During holiday times, it is usually on the news, people throwing gifts and stuff to each other over the border to celebrate
Have you paid attention
they are nice and some are very popular around south america asia and africa
It looks like the date is not going that well
Left has always seen his bullshit
Just wanted to tag in Anatolian Rock Revival Project channel on Youtube, which has amazing pieces from that era of Turkish music
Something like Austria-Hungary or just old Hungarian provences
'Turk' was even an insulting term when used on an Ottoman noble
Those are cultural traits, not ethnic.
During the first night after the marriage, where the couple is expected make love; the groom's male friends slap him in the back before he enters the house/bedroom to somehow motivate the poor guy
Greece is 3 countries away from China.
Btw thanks for the kind feedback
Denizanası (Jellyfish) = Mother of the sea
Metropoll: 51 percent of responders is against the presidential system - Turkey
I think it's called an open market.
I also wouldn't want to give away my labour rights (e.g. holidays)
(the Turkish spoken by guards were bad the dub they did for the game is top notch)
I'm getting Skyrim vibes
We were kind of neutral to them through most of the war
Because it's the same in Turkey.
Erdoğan and his beloved Abdülhamit
Yes, he has
I am not the head of state obviously but I can say with confidence that war is not a possibility to anyone here
Like in Bosnia where half the population is Muslim?
Mutlu Noeller ve Yeni Yılınız Kutlu Olsun
As a turk except the part about the military I totally agree with you.
Most so-called “Ataturkists” don’t know what he and the nation movement stood for
TRNC is also a place of different laws
Ah i wish that would take that much for me
If you have original Turkish names you are probably from Western Turkey
Tatti FI
We have nice rivalry with Greece
It's also the target of a very large wind-erosion prevention project.
First one is quite detailed about who he is, second one is a comparison between Erdogan and Gülen third is about the recent coup attempt.
edit4: [this is how my national pride looked like after going through my inbox] turkey stronk and relevant im not triggered there is something in my eye :'c
Sentence Structure, non-agglutinative, Words are not written as you pronounce them, English words are in Turkish is not much(Only 14% Turkish contains foreign based word which highest 2 languages are French and Arabic by 6%), etc
Can I make you hot chocalate, coffee or something
There is a lot of people thinking the Ottoman Empire was still as powerful as it was in the 15-16th centuries
Yeah, it is like Turkish food
Eastern(most) region or Western (most) region for entirely different reasons
If other countries got back on their feet and/or did better and not you, stop talking about second and third parties and focus on what YOU have been doing wrong
Greeks, Assyrians, Kurdish etc
What you say can work in a system similar to China or North Korea but it can in no way work in a multi-party democracy
German REICH Uber Alles vs
ECTS enabled comparing credits very easily
It is same here as well I thought it like just talking about sex, STDs, projection from STD etc
Can you remove your gloves to use the phone though
I had to jump through the school wall to get in, for the last month of high school
Russia, aggression to Ukraine and Georgia which if it escalates, I am guessing NATO will say something when it is near to full invasion of either countries
Well, not so popular but the "Laz Baba's Surmene Kitchen Knifes" became popular by teleshopping channels ads
Yet Turkish does not belong to that tree, it has its own tree and family
Woaw That is great to have friends like that
“The logic that believes women should only be at home, is wrong,” Erdoğan said Nov.
No one should support Trump and because some muslims( i guess Pakis in your case) acted racist towards Indians you should not jump on the hate train.
So Turkey is not European
Revisionism and reactionaries
If I were to move to another country I wouldn't even consider any place that I don't know the language of
"It started in 1939 and ended in 1945
No, they are still located at the incirlik airbase/Adana /Turkey
Those MPs shown in the image are the member of a party which has close ties to the terrorist group PKK (which recognised as a terrorist group by EU,US,NATO)  and its Syrian affiliate YPG
A class called human rights, citizenship and democracy
4- China
You're making shit up he was kicked because of a cartoon he made about Sarkozy's son converting to judasim.
This is payment for the latest privacy bill
Besides accents, the word he chooses in a patterned way of translated words from his native language makes one distinguished so i be sure
That i/ı, İ/I difference is mostly not given attention by foreigners, their pronunciations are also somewhat similar for someone who is not native and the results are quite funny when someone misuses them
Someone who likes rain, I guess
Yeah because everyone would start buying guns illegaly, if they can't get them in stores right?
We also have this as turks; Bird massacare with one stone
Not suprised at all
They should either be epic stories like Lord of the Rings, or like documentaries.
It’s not a norm
Brain damage and full-fledged love for Americanization is a common occurrence in eastern & central European countries which were subjected to Nazi and communist regimes in the span of a relatively short time
Also they air a lot of footage of Americans being ignorant, not wearing masks and shit, so people here can feel better about themselves
Same story for the Turkish elections.
Glad you enjoyed those
1001, 1002, 1003
They would be invading Middle East also easily
Batman was a village and then oil was discovered close to it so a lot of workers moved in and it grew pretty fast
On the other hand, most of the weapons and ammunition "rebels" had traveled through Europe to Turkey.
What my country does for renovation is they take historical good looking buildings and turn them into shitholes
Infront of my house this morning (Istanbul snow)
Every single one of them are Biden's spies it's so obvious
sing what
Things hard to accept but still truth, oof
maybe, a country going thru a right wing dictatorship phase is a european phenomenon and turkey ^(and other eastern european countries, if you observe the years in the link) is just lagging behind?
We're supposed to have places to assemble but many of them are no longer empty areas but apartment projects, malls now.
Giant's Causeway
1633 - Fire broke out 3 part of the Constantinople, burnt a fifth of the city
Pezevenk is a pimp in Turkey, but it's something like a brave/fatherly figure in Azerbaijan
Certain identities are believed to commit more crimes than others; however, empirical research shows that immigrant status and criminal behaviour are actually inversely related ([an example study] What many people seem to suggest as a solution, namely deportation, does not even reduce the crime rates ([an example study]
But we have a village in Istanbul made up of Polish people called Polonezköy/Polonez Köyü(Polish Village) or Adampol
birthrate correlates more to poverty than religion.
We even have soup version of this and I always wonder why
Just go along with it
In today's world, skyscrapers are surely needed in some of bigger cities but I think their number should be limited and they need to be built in a way that doesn't harm the overall harmony of the cityscape
It's not a huge feat to build such structures any more
That is why you eat so much garlic, to differentiate yourself from the vampires
Lol you think akp-voters are able to distinguish between various european countries?
I wish I gave birth to stones instead of you
Ankara: a.k.a the grey city cause it has depressing autumns and winters, capital, Anıtkabir
[Maybe help if you start reading from 1950’s to get why
Turkey is an unique blend of them
You forgot to add that Junta was toppled thanks to the Turkish intervention
All I'm saying is skyscrapers kill the soul of cities and they look fucking ugly
So you can ask them if they want to be ruled by Islamic law.
In a friday, he and an angry crowd of like-minded monkey haters just say "fuck it" and he fucking hangs every monkey he can find around the city
This is mostly due to European support for Greece, and close relations of Turkey & West.
Can someone explain how and why Turkey isn't on the list
What do you mean by “talking normally”?
Pfft, you guys just failed to reign in Britain, are bleeding IA in Cyprus, have only 28 princes, many of which are heretics.
middle east is just fucking black
I am not sure about the year but my family emigrated before or after ww1 from Vale(today part of Georgia) to Hanak(Today part of Turkey) those 2 places are very close eachother (78km from Hanak to Vale).We were luckly but many Turks stayed there and were deported to central asia in 1944.
Desecrating christian and jewish religious buildings was considered a sin in the Ottoman branch of Islam.
The end result is a mix
***“If the world was only one country, Çorum would be its capital”***
We don't have a lot of good movies so I suggest you just watch "Veda"
Wait
It is for porn
And Erdoğan generally promised that in previous elections.
It is not possible to make an objective list like this but here are three songs I personally love and would like to promote as good Turkish music
(To be honest you should've researched better
Greek cuisine has lots of pork too but they can turn it into an actual meal, even when they fry it they have garlic yoghurt or smth with it.
And only thing that really divided Mongols and Turks were language as they came from the same region and lived side by side for who knows how long.
A lot of tourists wants to see the historical side of Turkey when they visit.
Everyone should see the well-known sights in Istanbul
In this new map brown is ally of Erdoğan, red is secular, purple is Kurdish, orange is Erdoğan
Maybe I won't leave after all, I'll see what Turkey turns to in the next few years
That is the single voting bloc he can't _ever_ reach.
The level of development in the Turkish interior is roughly the same as it is to Armenia yet the urban landscape almost always looks miles better in Turkey than it does in Armenia.
Northern Cyprus is as independent of Turkey as it ever will be, they're a secular society and are fed up with Erdoğan's shit.
) means "to fall" in Turkish, but it's something like "to land" in Azerbaijan
But I have decided to do an own map which is a little bit more detailed and better looking
I don't think Armenia has any territory in Europe.
Its a meme to rag on America
Yep
I would say ETA was ethnic based and Spain has no shortage of other separatist violence.
It was in school, 10th grade(Sex Ed only)
Not Europe in general, but Turkey feels less safe.
Turkish is hard until it is not
The ban wasn't there for a religous purpose.It was part of population planning so when it outlived its purpose it was slowly lifted.In 60s goverment was much more secular and knew that ban outlived its purpose so it is possible that things like that happened.
> Serbian Defender
Any examples of any Turks claiming Homer was Turkic
Cats and dogs are live happily
Kurds are in Iranian culture group
Well from your POV i must be
I'm one of the maniacs who want to stay until the end since I still have hope, but if I have to run away I'll make sure I'll go somewhere where I won't see an Islamist ever again.
Being 'French' to something, meaning not knowing anything about the subject
In fact, AKP gets more Kurdish votes than HDP.
being a member of erdogan's political party
6 = altı
In the first time since 2013, we have seen hope, this man will save us from the dictator we all hate
You are just anti-Turk, not anti-Erdo
Koy götüne - Fuck its ass
Also the dubbers were just talented which is something hard to come by
I didin't say terminal cancer, jesus christ.
Had to change due to frequent net drops
Check the turkish armed forces website every few week for the incursions by the Greek navy if you are very curious.
Sisli has great neighborhoods like Bomonti
Ahmet Davutoğlu announced that we will enter europe without visa in june at worst, it was last june!
Granted, I'm not a Cypriot, but as a Turk this is relevant to my country's foreign policy a lot
For example I might pay no attention to my speech to my mom while shopping together but we will speak to the vendor differently
Kurdish or Arabic I don’t know there is millions of Syrian refugees
This helped a lot thank you
I think Trump had some anti hilary votes cus they had no any other option.
She said it was an awful song and the outfits were ridiculous
They said it was suicide but Criminal Lab and other scientific departments said this can be suicide by evidence
But pray tell me this, are you aware that each Balkan country and each Caucasus country used to be similarly pretty diverse countries
Things started changing around 2011, when Erdogan started becoming more authoritarian with each passing day
You are probably right, but I was just pointing out that this is very odd that /u/proteus_enigmaeus keep talking about Kurds when Kurds probably don't even listen to that cleric.
They skipped Erdoğan.He and Gülen were buds since 2013 and most of Gülenist came to their positions because Erdoğan let Gülen place them.
There is less supply than demand, price will get higher.
Blue Lagoon in Iceland
I wonder what the pen looked like
(Ottomans, Seljuks and probably older Turkic states)
He was executed though so I don't know if Turkish sword is preferable to the Latin mitre.
Also, one time I let an American friend try ayran and he almost vomited, so maybe that
No gendered articles in Turkish
Lakerda has to wait a few weeks (minimum) before being eaten
But if they are spessifically mentioning that it is a gathered knowledge, they use -miş. Same with politicians
But 83 million is a lot none the less
You'd rarely encounter someone who identifies as just European or Asian
Almost every man has military training in Turkey thanks to conscription
Just soulless apartment blocks
I'm perfectly ok with the first four singers, actually I should have added them myself, probably
They are basically Scientology on steroids and Germany banned Scientology but gulenists are fine for some reason?
I feel relieved in 36 degrees heat lmao
Eu is not sending all of them back and that deal was to stop the refugee wave and it mostly worked.Eu only send 300 million dollars to refugees in Turkey.Europe can't just say fuck it i am going to send them back to where those people came.Those people escaped war and Eu is not getting scamed in that refugee deal(On the other hand Turkey is not gaining even losing from that deal).
I can't make comments about the quality of the course with just a few podcast but their technique is very effective especially for languages with little to none relation like Turkish and Greek (or most European languages
I've meant they are exported from Turkey, as in a trade.
Greek and Turkish unite lol
This is ofcourse back in the day when Anatolia was Christian.
I rinse them under tap water in case they have pesticides on them.
Kurds deserve equality and they are sick of PKK
I mean Edinburgh has such a refined beauty
Same for Turkey too
> we are witnesses of increasing number of attack on Armenians
we can switch our position in the continent, if you want :D
We call hijab "türban" by the way
" Gülseren says that they literally measured her thighs before going
I don't know what I would change it to
>like do you know any Turkish men who are uncut
I asked it because I never heard about Yazidi genocide.
We're fucked
You learn something everyday
” These were what my friends have told or I have heard from someone else
Erdogan is not a dictator everything Erdogan does passes from a democratic process but things that shouldn't pass in a democratic society also pass easily.
It means everyone pays for only what they ate
it may be the best museum in the world but most of the items have been stolen
It is true that he is losing power (his party started splitting up as well), but he is a skilled populist and is currently trying to collect support using nationalistic rhetoric and acts
There are some unusual ones that are not used anymore by the general public like: Urup, Kirah, Cerip that were used in different sectors during the Ottoman period
Just knowing Arabic alone won't allow you to read Ottoman as far as I know and and 1 in 5 people absolutely cant speak Arabic in Turkey
Their main difference is Kurds are sunni while Iranians are shia
Also Where did I blame west for the situation we are?
I like it
waterside mansion
Which is fair because I agree
Most of them are from Turkic rulers, mythology, eposses or nature
But we are ruled by anti-science government so
There might be a huge need for Technocracy in the near future
Reporter tries force to make them say “I am happy”.
Didn't know Turkey bought a lot of 'Made in China'.
It's such a small thing but would make a great difference if every country did it properly
Ehem
Radical secularism of Turkish institutions then would still hold true which would result in  support for AKP in public still because they still would have the “abused by power” narrative that Turks love to root for
At least he didn't sell our internet rights to some cable company
It's an obvious political exaggeration
Possibly Antalya or Muğla
Regardless, many people tend to do it but then their manners are questioned
Dutch Tachanka
Well, his services are expensive, like, super luxury restaurant expensive
10% so I guess the actual limit in Cyprus is 120 km/h. Does the police give you trouble if you drive with 120 km/h ?
Are we living in the same country
İstanbul is just Pygmy Turkey
Şırdan is [abomasum] stuffed with typical dolma stuffing: a mix of rice, ground meat, tomato/pepper paste, and some spices such as cumin and pepper
Grammarour, European Languages to very different
Yes, dear leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan loves doing referandums, in fact he is doing one right now!
Moment of [explosion] officers tried to stop him and surrounded him but he detonates himself.
You have succesfully offended me
The immigrant situation is a part of this: he is the one who opened the borders to them in the first place, citing Muslim brotherhood and stuff, but now he wants to get rid of them because people dislike them - people whose votes are more important to him than ever
This tactic is a very cheap and overused one and I thought they would use it again
I dont know
In return, you offer them food and drinks to celebrate
Glad to hear that
no place is perfect so, besides that event i loved switzerland
There are studies which compare response rates of companies to similar CVs with different names.
It’s in your blood, embrace it
I really don’t know
\- It would be great if the song involve a national instrument (optional)
Dude the forest is so black i can't fucking see it on my low brightness phone
That "expected" number will eventually increase.
i was gonna write exact same thing for Turkey
[Göbekli Tepe] [Hagia Sophia] [Sultan Ahmet Mosque(Blue Mosque)] - Each building has a unique style and a history
Special mention to the German Turks, theirs is the most confusing one for sure, I was just in the market today and it took me a minute to realize two guys there were actually speaking Turkish
Ottomans are fun in Vicky 2 because there is a lot to do and you are challenged in a lot of ways but have enough resources to come out stronger if you play well
Background Information: This picture was taken at the 10th anniversary of the Republic by Hüsnü Kazım Önder
So 400 years of "oppression" is justifiable for all the ethnic cleasing as well as torture and rapes done by you Greeks.
I don't say we don't have them but I have never seen the boy scouts or the girl scouts in my country
I think people also know Osman (I), Nasreddin hoca, Yunus Emre, maybe  Barbaros Hayrettin
That and the fact that he's been allowed to exist as opposition amidst that massive crackdown of everyone and their mother.
Well that's nice
This looks like anus to me
A friend of mine (who wears no burka niqab türban hijab or whatever
Like, if you showed me 10 clips of native speakers talking, and told me 3 of them were from London and the rest were from New York, I would correctly guess one, maybe two Londoners at most
He was an oposition figure who critised Erdoğan and his economic fails and his corruption(He is an economist) but Erdoğan bought him and now he is spreading stupid propaganda.Talking about "Evil Foreign powers(!)" Etc.He doesn't belive 1 thing he says(There are videos him calling Erdoğan " a coward" and harshly critising Akp) but i guess Erdoğan pays him a lot.
He was definitely better though
This is why most businessmen stopped being in favour of Erdogan, although Erdogan threatens them frequently to get what he wants
I'm really sorry guys, this islamic maniacs and their stupid actions are affecting your countries too
[Mahmudiye Marşı] [İzmir Marşı] and finaly [Meclis-i Mebusan Marşı] there are more songs from early Ottoman era as well but I dont want to make this longer
WikiLeaks releases over 57,000 personal emails of Erdogan's son-in-law Berat Albayrak
Yes but actually no
If that's the case then I apologize.
Trump is the scariest since we don't know how he will be as a president, but probably not the worst.
Aga (Lord/Master)
It tastes fine, but nothing particularly special
However I agree it is quite low for youth who generally tends to reject backwards traditions.
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
There are other forms of manipulation as well
The term "Byzantine" is a product of modern historiography
You love to see it folks
It changes shape from time to time, though.
Or you could just not let people who are more likely to be problematic to come, then spend money on them, then try to "integrate" them.
Isn't this thread a real life example?
I mean isn't it against freedom of speech?
Best Greek singer
i think this company make their polls with religious cult members every single time.
We also have mandatory Philosophy lessons in High School
Oh come on Turkey does have a history with the islands, nothing to do with claiming them.
Kadıköy has nothing on Beyoğlu imo
Turkey never had modern democracy in the first place
Lydians
You will think you are in Afghanistan.
How can one be immersed in Christian European culture without learning about Christmas.
Brothers
sadly nothing
Initiated in 2012, set in 2014.
No wonder that your country goes down the drain
I'd have a red St
I am an atheist myself
How serious or dangerous is this now
He just abused it to it's maximum potential.
This Jesus guy sounds like a good person
But I agree with Istanbul wholeheartedly l, not because it is my hometown, but the crime, corruption, social satire, crazy driving, beautiful sceneries, hoods that look like shanties, glamorous Bosporus mansions, country clubs are all there
No, we still pretend that there are no corona cases here
Well, there is anti Russia and anti Turkey posts at least 10 times more than the whole list combined as well
We sided with you, Qatar and the British on Mediterranian
In Istanbul and Western cities like that, majority of the people love Ataturk.
People have been arrested for selling turkish flags during Gezi.
I think I'm Swede
After I crossed the Dereköy/Malko Tarnovo border till Burgas in every village 70% of the young males wore these track suits.
(I don't remember at which country it happened
Also Dunes of Texel National park was simply magical
Crimean Tatar: Arguably more understandable than Turkmen
It wasn't because of the coup .
People are not their government
Usually it was only military activity and the important stuff
Just check his comment history.
There will always be nations hating each other for what their grand-grand-grand-whatever parents did to each other, those nations wouldn't exist without that hatred
surprisingly low for a government like this in turkey
Its illegal but most of people ignores laws and keep on drinking in the streets,seaside ,parks(not across the country) If someone report you to the police in public areas you could warned by police.
Never knew they made it separately
He started eliminating his political opposition at his first two years.
Gök means sky, and the name means King of the Sky
A 21-speed folding bike, 3
I’m just telling you that European sphere of cultural influence is wider and works differently than you think and goes a little bit beyond the continental Europe
don't just leave bit of leftovers just for easing your mind
Same in Turkish
Check the election results of Turkey to see who supports what.
the fact that a large amount of AKP supporters wives vote for him is hardly surprising
Well, his services are expensive, like, super luxury restaurant expensive
8 = sekiz
Yeah
The differences are mainly based on accent and intonation in addition to the pronunciation of suffixes in general
I agree, which is why I counted them apart from the states.
I celebrate Hanukkah with my mom and my dad joins in too
Maybe I am naive but I never understood why Europeans cared so mcuh about Erdoğan
Because we're not on the same continent.
This is actually an issue of contention for people who live in rural America that feel that their culture and opinions are not valued or accurately represented in media.
Yeah, the South-East are mostly in Istanbul or the West these days anyway.
Sestola IT
Even if the AKP loses the election ,Erdogan remains in that position.
-Insert here every Aegean Island-
2- Greece
Is there one country who's "green" party has more than just a token, protest voice in government?
Oh I agree on that, I'm just tired of Western media equating ~40 million Kurds to one millitant Kurdish group that has like 30,000 fighters and therefore presenting attack against said group as attack against "the Kurds". There are literally thousands of Kurds in Turkish millitary participating in the fight against them and even a Kurdish rebel group called Hamza Division that fights *alongside* Turkey against PKK & YPG
She thought she was in Athens, after some drinks especially.
Noone bites an eye about what Belgium had done in there but when it comes to Turks, everyone goes nuts
They'll make such a production with an obvious communist-phobic slant, and interweave subconscious messaging about how the west really did it better in every scene
You have to have a Turkish citizenship.Go to a Turkish embassy and vote(You can learn about when you can vote).
Pretty much sums up political situation
America armed Terrorist Organisation on Turkey’s border which extent 1150km and leaving the area without a control
France, Danemark and The Netherlands and the UK are four countries with a overhaul small populations
I know it.I just wanted to say not all Turks looks brown.Majority of them are looks white and most of those brown guys are Kurdish.
It is the AKP's (Erdogan's party) mouthpiece.
Funny how they can't even provide proof whatsoever
There is a difference between the PM (generally the leader of the ruling party) and the president (supposed to be a neutral overseer).
There's a huge ferris wheel and some cool statue where two people go through each other
Yes, because they sometimes are the only T-shirts around that are cheap
Our Minister of Economy since time immemorial, Mehmet Şimşek is actively making anti-government comments hoping that he can be fired before the economy collapses completely.
It isn't.
The last major war was in 1639 and the border is pretty much the same since then
> 28 year old
When we protested back in 2013 police killed 11 young men.
People who don't have political understanding of the situation don't understand that these people act this way because they are jihadists, not because they are Syrians.
So it is seen as a child of Turkey, the relationship is more paternal than fraternal
Suggesting that Turks still ride camels and most of Turkey is desert is a good trolling method
Do you mean it has biscuits, or is it like a sponge cake?
For example Elma in Turkish and Alma in Hungarian
Germany, Austria and Turkey has partial street views
Also, tall man is of Muslim Georgian origin but guess that doesn't count too
I wish we could all just get along
Actually we just finished building a 911 km wall on our Syrian border so you guys indirectly made us pay for it
35% is the fact until you come up with a better evidence.
In 17, they can sell you alcohol in restaurants and 18 is the legal age
And still waiting a not proven flair
The Swiss one is pretty good too.
I feel sorry for myself, Italians, and anyone who thinks this is kebab or pizza.
One day you are a terrorist the other day you are freedom fighter
On the positive side, it looks like we exported disproportionately large amount of dickheads to Europe
Their hit song [Sevenler Ağlarmış] is unsurpassed in many ways
Because at that time there was a war going at all sides of Anatolia.
And the people had very Arabic names.
It's harder to understand (max 50%, but it's personal)
Turkey speaks a Turkic Language which is originated all the way from Altai Mountains near modern day Mongolia
We had this deal with the UN-recognized democraric gov
DAE Thanksgiving
Butthurt Europeans mostly
It's good that, even though things are miserable right now, "European" belonging is only rising with each generation.
Two Weeks ago I drove to Burgas/Bulgaria from istanbul /Turkey.
There is a joke that a Turk who visits Baku will land not knowing Azeri and become fluent in one week
And my mother had to go to therapy for many years thanks to terror she witnessed
It just doesn't seem to be worth the misery so far.
Europe would be the secound place after Saudi Arabia that deports people who don't fit into mainstream ideology and culture.
Luckily they don't do this nowadays
Even if we stopped all our carbon emissions today, we would feel the effects for the next 1000 years
It just glossed over both sides' massacres most of the time.
I didn't know suspicion was enough to act in France.
Thunderfoot did a video, but it annoyed me watching it the second time that he doesnt mention any common sense alternatives.
Turkish is a non-indoeuropean language so for Europeans,learning turkish can be difficult
Then pray tell which balkan culture is gone and which people lost their identity under ottoman Empire?
For example, we are not Mongols and we are not Arabs too
What you're saying is wrong and racist, nothing to do with how much I like what you said.
Are these all sad dramas
That's the Weimar Republic for you
That's the funniest shit i've ever seen
Lawrence of Arabia
My brother in other hand didn’t since we don’t trust the outside anymore
Most of their curriculum is same as other schools but they have some additional courses like reading Quran, Islamic history etc.
Remove the zero's you get: 29
I am open to questions
For example, I am considered to live sort of close to my school but even with that it takes me 30 mins by bus to go to my school
In İstanbul average is probably between like 40 to 50
Ferdi Sayışman was a famous calligrapher and did the lettering for many comics around that time.
No , Turkish people can't afford meat .It is really expensive in here so we eat mostly carbohydrate foods.
Didn't know that Lenin is a stereotypical criminal in SSSR
Sık-mak = to bore/ to squeeze
Rack and Pinion
Im really not sure
Dude please we are arguing under a video where press freedom in Turkey is talked in freaking EU parliment.
He openly sided with the Allies diplomatically, signed defense treaties with Balkan and Middle Eastern nations against foreign attacks (which clearly meant Italy and Germany) and secured the Bosphorus against the Italian navy not to let them use it as a hiding spot with the Montreaux treaty.
Just a theory
The thing is one of the people in this said billboard is none other than Selena Gomez photoshopped into wearing a turban
There are some private colleges but they also give you scholarships if you are succesful enough
I've never had a debate over how a Turkish word is pronounced
It tells how Finland wasn't autonomus while it was in Sweden
You won’t find much disagreement from me for any of those
It's more than just a continent.
Half of them from Europe
After learning English, other languages like Germanic and Latin become too easy to learn but still hard enough that you have to try harder to maintain your knowledge
While Arabs didn’t call us for condolences but, even if we don’t have nice relations lately, our neighbour Greece was the one who called us right after as well as EU next
My mom won't shut up about my birth, nor will my grandma shut up about the birth of my dad and two uncles
Yeah this will be the one for Sweden
The Greek who desperately tries to portray himself as non-balkans.
I am from Turkey so going to those places means 4+ hours of flight and that is why I am jealous and I think I would prefer to live in Netherlands and take camping trips to Sweden
You discovered my secret identity gj m8.
21st December was the date the day god has beaten the night god in Turkic mythology, so it was celebrated as Nardugan (sun's rebirth).
Imma throw up
Of course Alan Kurdi, a Syrian child, lying dead on a beach in Bodrum
I hope it'll be easy to find a graph that does this fit separate countries
«Бога нет.»
5 richters
I can see poor Balkan countries on the bottom, or countries like Norway because of extreme weathers but Belgium is rich, small (comparatively) and climate conditions are also ok
wdym
Next you’ll tell me you don’t like to take on debt
But does the Western European architecture feel unfamiliar or exotic to Chinese, just as the Byzantine or Ottoman architecture does, or does it seem familiar (you seem to imply it does but perhaps I misunderstand)
The Ottoman Empire and Old Middle Asian Turks
The root of my thinking of this is mostly due to “Derviş fixed 2001” narrative
To be honest, does this actually mean anything?
Why do many radical Muslims hate on the values and cultures of the country they immigrate to
I don't care what brand, I want Taco restaurant chains
Years ago my family doctor told me to become a “water heater repairman” (şofbenci)
Funnily, the opposition won by a landslide the second time
I suppose you see no problem with it, but we don't want your goverment to play any role in our society and we'll fight any attempt to do so.
He uses fear and hatred to attract those bastards
Below 10 is very cold
Same group of allies that praised Erdogan arresting its own generals for bullshit reasons?
If you speak Turkish people will assume you're Turkish.
And, Joseph is Yusuf
And of course ignorance leads to hate, and yours lead to racism trying to "define" (insult) the whole nation with your complete lack of knowledge about anything.
Chicken Breast Pudding/Tavuk Göğsü is a dessert made with Chicken Breast, milk, sugar and flour
Needless to say, if the opposition is able to consolidate and actually work together in the GNA, they can be a very, very problematic thing for Erdoğan
No one is surprised that people judge all Turks based on our government...
Sure
Con meyd his vey tu a tevırn tru dı dark forıst, onliy tu faynd aat det hi forgat dı maniy
But sanctions are quite counterproductive there since Erdoğan will definitely open the doors if they are implemented.
> Devil’s House
this means you can't buy your groceries in bulk, get ready to cycle a lot in the rain, wait a lot for connection bus/train etc
azerbajani %99
Is it because everyone is so food secure but anally obsessed or they don't know of any other way than paper to clean themselves if they need
Questions in university exam comes from state books so she did what she had to do
Although the situation is slightly different, the way Turkey and Hungary handled the artifact situation was pretty examplary I'd say
Same thing goes for Turkish Cypriots as well
Maybe I won't leave after all, I'll see what Turkey turns to in the next few years
Why would you feel guilty for Live is Life
If we are going that far, I'll say let's just keep going and join [Ursa Minor] I hear they are the rising stars in the game.
The book was made mandatory by Atatürk in the 1930s. It isn't mandatory now but still, some schools make us read it
(i explained İstanbul cuz my city is too small to explain)
ireland based
Also allowing a foreign government influence public life like that isn't what a sovereign country can allow.
tbh every conversation can end up as a food conversation in turkey
As long as there is karma to be made.
balti riik on parim koht пошел на хуй
Why the hell we don't have this in Turkey
Yeah someone threw a handgreanade to their mother-in-law another guy drove his car to a river to cool the car,another person shot at the sun because it was too hot
This is not Crusader Kings, it's real life.
There's also a phrase that I love so much:
And Turkish word *malak* means idiot in street slang
Same in Turkish
I've never used "lift". I prefer "elevator".
But sorry guys there are enough secular people that won't jump into that shit.
r/expextedsabaton
I think it’s important to them that we don’t join but having good relations with EU is important
Syrians and Afghans have been doing it, nothing stops Turks from doing it.
I’m a substitute teacher in a high school
Mamma mia grazie tante
Frengi" in Turkish, but not just because of is considered "French" but because it is considered "European/westerner etc". So roughly European=French
People I know took them of when they were around late 20’s as they said it is time to grow up
Cologne = Köln
It puts things in perspective
They died 1000 years ago mate invading used to be popular then
The president, duh
They always say they are our brothers where in reality they brag about how their economy is better and how Turkey is a shit hole so i dont think they like us that much :d
That doesn't mean it can't be though I mean Jesus was a pretty radical pacifist also I would take cruelty of pacifism over cruelty of war
Immigrants are multiple times more likely to receive welfare or commit crime than natives.
I wonder he was fearing that he'd have an orgasm with the woman's touch, or something
Honestly it doesn't exist in Turkey anywhere other than foreign tourist areas and is not consumed by Turkish people
He berates Erdoğan, as a person, because frankly, Erdoğan deserves to be berated
I listened just the first few and liked it quite a bit
Often such a result is due to distorted expressions
Without looking to the answers
Oh that's just straight up karen-like behaviour
English or German, so you can emigrate and wash dishes for the richer Europeans
I think that's a stupid statement as most Turks are like that.
Then we return to talking without no politics
Erik Dalı is the absolute worst imo
Someone running away from AKP probably won't go to the Netherlands with a huge Turkish population voting 70% for Erdoğan.
What
I got the joke after I read your comment.
People arguing from a nationalist perspective are laying the groundwork for further killing
me seeing people shocked over bulgaria
1-Istanbul (One of the most important cities in the world, not just Balkans)
By the way their numbers are very extaragated the real numbers are 38 dead 166 wounded.
Almost all the worst countries in terms of crime are all in the Americas.
I hope we can learn from our current mistakes and rebuild a better us
A parliamentary commission drafted it, and then Erdoğan said he would veto it.
you add a g after every vowel and put the same vowel after it, for examle take the word “merhaba” which means hello; you say it like “megerhagabaga”
Not tying to be an asshole just stating the truth.
I don't know what that water is called but it is nice <3
It might be true, but I'm sure that there are some laws that protect the kid's healthy
And as a turk in Germany, our demographic is probably not helping here either...
"Tükeş is son of Turk, Erbakan is son of Islam, Ecevit is son of people, and am i a son of a bitch
Good, old "it's a religion, not a race" excuse!
he didn't say anything like that.
I'm talking about serious shit like having an army of asslicking attorneys just seeking stuff like this.
Ain't no war is going to come out of this
(as there are huge masses you can control that way) Erdogan benefitted from them as a vote bloc until they tried to overthrow him
Fellow Turk here, I wish the best for you guys
He didn't mean AKP or MIT did it...
For example he started nationalising our military equipment and we can definitely keep that and start building over it
why would a sexist vote for a female person to be the leader of his country.
Article 4 Says article 1,2,3 can’t be changed but you can change article 4 then change article 1,2,3
Think on thousands who lay beneath, shroudless
Ask Ghaddafi, Assad, Ecevit etc.
Also I'm not against erdogan, I don't give a shit about him.
> but do people use it noo lets just take the english word and pronounce it wrong
Kurds but not very close to independence in Turkish soil
Basically this girl with a Kangal:
You'll see people having the flag printed on their cars alongside an Ottoman era "Tughra"(the emperors signature) or the word Turuk(meaning Turk in old Turkish) spelled in old(very old) Turkic runes, you'll see it on trucks, you'll see it hanging from peoples balconies, you'll see a gargantuan flag flying in a clear area of the city
No one can find NZ on a map, so they are not afraid of invasions to begin with.
While I don't currently see any threat, but we do not get along well with most of our neighbors (Armenia, Greece, Syria) and we still have disputes to this day
Niğde is a place like that and fun fact it literally means “nowhere” in a lot of Slavic languages
Her screams make the song unbearable
For you, your media portrays him in the way you described.
in fact we only had one islamic law back then and he immediately removed when he first got elected.
In Hagia Sophia (which is a museum, obviously
Ah the false sense of hope we get before every election.
I bet his wife slapped him when he went back home
The last time french had a revolution, they tried to conquer europe
Ofc it isnt a threat, just like eu countries are no threats either.
Turkey experienced that in WW2
We did an operation to cyprus and we are doing many operations on syria now
I'd say Spain and Italy are fairly major
well having indigenous products will reduce our dependence on NATO to protect our skies.
Grece generally has better results than her neighbors so that makes it stand out a bit
Actually meeting different people makes it harder to demonize them.
For İstanbul, i am thinking of an anatolian rock song, both ethnic and rock at the same time, just like the city, in a perspective, it is overpopulated, dirty and dangerous, but if you live there you mostly dont mind those because you are a part of the city now and you know how to enjoy it
I am from Izmir
And we ruled Arab lands (Levantine) for also a long time, so there is that
but it does not mean much since most women weren't allowed by their men to vote.
Then I just fly to Antalya and enjoy the silence and heaven as well :)
Even after Erdoğan Turkey won't stop
A child should not be forced into marriage: Turkey's top cleric
WAS THIS ALSO PART OF YOUR PLAN, JOJO
Whenever I see Turkey is in a film, they show it like any other desert city in Arab World
Erdogan uses to his polarizing rhetoric through all the propaganda channels to divide the people
That ties me to the other part, Erdogan
That's the problem, "deniers" says that there is no historical fact that Armenians were **systematically** killed, which is the definition of genocide
To fix things, we have to elect AKP out first
Beautiful
You'd be lucky not to get stabbed by a druggie
not all of us are from istanbul.
I had the best time of my life in there, and I had a chance to visit it recently too, absolutely lovely memories
Well, the majority disagrees with you as we see in this poll and other irl polls, people don't want to see us join even in a hundred years and we need to prepare for the inevitable, we need friends who see us as equals and not as outposts.
But nights are the bad one
You realize that this is an oxymoron yes
I think that Turkey might have the cheapest universities in European standarts
The Kingdom of England usurp the Scots 'right to self-determination, just as Turkey usurp the Kurds' right to self-determination
I'm not saying it wasn't fucked up, it destroyed families by forced deportation, but I think neither Greece or Turkey wanted to deal with even more racial conflict
In some places people would not mind,
Also I remember reading that fat cells in the body accumulate to the temperature to either preserve or disperse heat.
By this way there would be no difference between West and East
There are whole sections in Quran explaining how non-muslims should be treated how the fuck muslims think every non-muslim should be killed?
That's better ahaha
Not as much as BBP.they splinter because they were a lot more islamist also their votes aren't that high compared to MHP.
If anyone else attacked the siege camp from any other direction the Ottoman army could pull an organized retreat.
yeah i'm open minded like that.
1930s. A new modern republic, rapid increase in every aspect of rights and economy, great times, even just possibility to see Atatürk would worth it
Syrian refugees works good as serbian tears aswell
That's unfortunate, it's supposed to mean September here!
Hmmm
They own this country, their homeland
it are
USA supported Islamists come to power in Turkey in 2003 and the evidence is everywhere.
Well, TIL
Not
Only place I've ever seen it is people meming in krautchan.
Turkey should not be considered in this subject
You heard this person, Now(!), where didn’t we raid
Although the two languages are of the same greater language family, it is unlikely that these words have the same origin
Blaming Erdoğan has nothing to do with justifying it.
This is awesome
The actual problem is if people have enough money to pay for natural gas or electricity to heat their homes.
That black ninja outfit though (still can't remember its' name, covers the face and basically every cm of skin) is very, very rare
”. They just lost their home
I can just stare in turkey
Northeastern Syria is controlled by YPG.
Greece seems to be doing it with no repercussions
His attitude won't survive
The main nationalist right wing party (MHP) used to oppose AKP but they’re supporting them now which is costing them voters
Good to know that we would still have the EEZ problem with Greece, even when hell freezes over
Empire lost at WW1
ananın amına telefon kablosu sokar paralel hattan bacını skermgardolapta tangasını arayan ananın kafasını dolap kapagına sıkıştırır müjde ar gibi sikerimdağdan inmediği icin yüzme bilmeyen ananı büyük pasificte 1 ton boşalan beyaz balinalarla beraber-- siker olimpiyat yüzme şampiyonasında altın madalya kazandırırımkırmızı eşarp giyip ormanda kırmızı başlıklı kız gibi takılan anana kurt gibi yaklaşır amını param parça ederimmmpikachuuuuuuuuu diye camdan atlayan sipastik ananın amına poke topu fırlatırımananı balbasaurun sarmaşık kırbacıyla dolar pikacuyla kanka olur veririm elektriğiedisonla kanka olur ananı fakir mahallenizde yanmayan sokak direğine bağlar sike sike trafoyu patlatırımhani benim gençliğim nerde diyen orospu cocugu seni
With only two sides, it's really easy to make it into an us vs them thing.
Next you’ll tell me you don’t like to take on debt
Are Turkish people really this blind
Will he bleach people or something?
This is not Erdogans propaganda, we have had several surveys asking people of their opinions on Turkish *people* and Romania is literally the only asked country in Europe who had a positive view, and that's barely.
well u seem to be right as of now with regard to turkey
The streets were packed, mostly of Chinese, and I think most shops had also signs in Chinese
If they weren't guilty why would they do such a thing.
Tea brotherhood
Tricks on you, it was an aids bagel.
Other than that, They didnt control Persia or Transcaucasia.
This is sarcasm why are you downvoting this
Also I lived in there for 10 years
Well there is not much Ramadan celebration though...
The Russians were settled in a tiny village when we were across 3 continents
Apart from healthcare the rest seems roughly the same
However reporting on Erdogan sells more newspapers.
Affiliated with Arabs in every expect
Holy crap it's (nearly) exactly the same with me
You cannot make decisions in the name of the other peoples.
people often mix kurds with zaza, alawi and other minorities living in eastern part of turkey
I told you this weeks ago and yet you still come here and talk about things that you have very little idea of.
Islam was simply too loose of an idea and it was not keeping anyone together.
Ah im sorry just wanted it below my post so people can see I responded to this
Therefore rest in peace
"Refah Partisi" doesn't really translate well to English.
>Turkey are there men who for whatever reason dont get circumcised
Yeah everyone should take responsibility for their own countries' actions, but it goes both ways.
Your country is a war machine
Though I would like to give some of classic foreign names’ transformation into Turkish
They were used to 800-1,000k€.
Their shadow represents the indirect effects their efforts might have on a persons actions/wishes)
Sadly, it’s more like an upper class toy now
Our cultures rarely interacted
I think the mistake a lot of Europeans make is associating Kemalism to a pro-militarist, or even jingoistic, foreign policy because the founder of the ideology was the leader of the Independence War
You are overestimating European voters.
People in turkey are too stupid to see why voting yes will be detrimental to the country.
But there is no natural desire to get vaccinations
Kadıköy is the most I like about İstanbul yet so few tourists know about it
Italy just wouldnt be italy if that wasn't the case.
I would like to have seen this before 9/11, and even before and after WW2
If they are at top then it's time to leave that sub
Be extra nice to stray animals, especially cats
Turkish humor is very hard to translate.
We have 80 million population and football is the most played sport but still we suck at it
Are you from Liechtenstein
Regardless of who that is, I'm a supporter of term limits for PMs, too.
More like white square
It means everyone pays for only what they ate
That is our European part
Bro how do you get groceries
I am not sure if it is hate but there is a huge distrust towards the judges and prosecutors
Yeah, I thought I was in China there last year
Pied Drummer of Odense
Taxi drivers, they just make your way longer to take more money
It's a ticking timebomb I can guarantee you that
I knew what was coming but AKP supporters don't listen anyway.
Said disabilities are often *intentionally inflicted on these people by their handlers*, so if you give them money you're only funding their suffering
How so
I don't blame average American citizen for what the US government is doing but please stop virtue signalling and singling others out because it looks kinda funny
Turks have been celebreting the end of winter in the last 5-10 days of december for thousands of years, before their prophet was even born.
For example [link ]
But it's hard to pick a favorite because they're all great
The party itself was well in line woth minorities with 14 Armenian MP's.
They literally invented pizza
This shows how AKP values more to Arabs than Turks
And I guess I’m not hopeful anymore
how did you even get into those situations, OP
More specifically, the third one is about the shutting down of Tekke and Zaviyes
I laughed very hard in front of their faces
He was probably fed bullshit propaganda by his father for years.
The Armenian population shifted to the south and westwards
Excuse me guys but I'm Turkish an don't get it
Enver Pasha going sicko mode and attacking Russia because he wanted to build a great Turkic empire with Central Asia
fuck this shit
Turks have a stable life in Turkey, they have no reason to emigrate.
This is a very sad day
Can you please explain '' It's complicated '' ?
Gülseren - Rimi Rimi Ley
Yay
Go ask %20 of Istanbul , they would praise this attack.
England, Netherlands, German minors, Italian Minors
I only can see Kurds having extra rights and priviliges for being a minority
In Turkey, that would be our national anthem "Istiklal Marsi" written by Mehmet Akif Ersoy
Definetely "Kolay gelsin" phrase which basically means "I hope your job will be easier".
Those two are used interchangeably
So, idk what will happen if we legalize cannabis
ECTS enabled comparing credits very easily
EU needs to do something to stop US from attacking Iran
In that terms, Armenian Genocide wasn't a genocide either since most of Armenian wasn't even re-located specially the ones were at western side of Anatolia
Lisbon kinda felt like Istanbul to me when I had the chance to visit it
This is false, Turkey's economy is not bad at all, there's just no investments because they think it's not a "trustworthy market"
But the more educated one is, the more likely s/he is to speak the standard form, or at least try to do so
Please point out where he implied that anything should be denied.
i think it's [Baris Manco - Donence]
Edit: Changed the years in Erdogan
As far as I understand while his remarks and the way he goaded his crowd are deplorable but as long as there is no explicit incitement to violence, which there wasn't, this should never have gone to court.
no just trying to grasp what your concept of european is -- just trying to understand your logic mate
I can do this here, not there, unless I'm willing to pay for it
Yooo komsu
Funny how they're refered to as terrorists while PKK are "freedom fighters/militants"
Just seeing this made me want to play Total War.
I would think it would be below average, and that's a pretty low bar to clear.
I thought their subreddit would be anti-Putin since Reddit is a liberal place but no
Same people same weakness
Doesn't matter much Turkey already has a self sustaining small arms industry.
Sağolasın- May you be alive (another delicate way, with more gratitude)
Turkey bombs terrorist hideouts
Czech beer is awesome btw, no question about it.
The old generation says "100 numara" (number 100) for toilets
You call that enormous
Declaring support for these talks will be political suicide for any Turkish politician secular or conservative.
I am sure nothing can change this fast
However, the majority of the Muslim population simply identify as Muslim and actually have a non-religious moral code
Why now
Thank you to Greece
If you are interested, I believe most songs of Duman are popular in karaoke here
He doesn't rule and advertise it to the people, he rules by advertising
That's more got to do with the American war of drugs not being pushed to rest of the world yet.
They talk with each toher and then decide if they will get married or not.
It puts things in perspective
Shit's depressing
But imagining a reporter speaking with -mış, just feels off
I just had hard time memorizing and confused
You have to mix it before starting to cook just the right amount, otherwise it will have a santrifuge effect and the coffee will subside.
Don't get me wrong I totally see your point, I can also say the same thing for instance for Eid.
Unless the guy is confirmed to be Turkish this comment is massive misunderstanding of the situation in France
"With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil — that takes religion
So while every character in the movie speaks with perfect İstanbul Turkish, they had that Egyptian architect guy speaking with a Laz accent
We learn about you in history and religion class
r/IRLEasterEggs
This interesting an experience bewill
Some others to mention: Istanbul toy museum, Koç Museum, Naval Museum in Beşiktaş, Archaeological museum in Antalya, Çorum Museum (for Hittite history)
ananı bruce lee gibi havada 30 parande atarak sikerimananı barnebau stadınnın orta sahasında sikerim 70 milyon ispanyol ollaaaaa diye bagırır ..ananla karşılıklı okey oynuyum okeyi ananın kafasına vurayım beyin trawmesi gecirriken sikerimananın amına polis jobu sokar ay memur bey lütfen yavaş olun diye çığlık attırırımananı hamit gibi 365 gün siker geriye kalan 6 saatte direğe vururumananı ağrı dağının eteğinde sikerim ibrahim tatlıses halay çekerananın amına kemençe sokar üzerinde horon teperimalt alta ben orospu cocuguyum yazınca kendini akrostiş şiir yazdım sanan orospu cocuguananla yamyam ayininde karşılıklı barış çubuğu içer totem heykelin tepesine oturttururum inşaat direğinde striptiz yapmaya calısırken bacagını kıran ananın kafasına kiremit atar bayıltıp sikerim"
i guess so
Leaders of those countries might have been Mongols but their people were mostly Turkic from the beginning.
Cultural cuisine is a serious business in Mediterranean countries.
lmao
I am not really optimistic %70 of german Turks will vote Yes in the end.
Oh that's why Turkish guy wears a football kit.
If some another country has done similar things it is atrocities
it is a combination of leftists, democrats and liberals.
Turkey is special, its strategically very important location and it is where cultures clash, it is very diverse.
Do the mosques (or churches), or in general the architecture and cities of Europe and the Mediterranean basin (i.e. Arab countries) seem exotic and alien to you
A lot of people dislike him because of the Armenian issue,not just Erdo and his followers.
Germany/ Netherlands/ Austria is not only right by their laws, but also the Turkish law.
Erdoğan sent his condolences to the pilots' families after the downed jet.
How they treat their families, talk and act warmly that is very close to us (Northern Europeans are cold when it comes to social interactions)
They sacrifice themselves for Soviet Russia
When it doesn't snow in Ankara we consider it as a cold winter because wind just fucks you(Fucking -10°C at morning and 4°C at peak and there are a lot of cities that are a lot colder than Ankara...).
Year 3020, Turkey is still on the negotiation table to join EU
I have always been against the deal.
Getting millions less votes than your rival and being elected as president seems wrong to me
> Edit: please dont spend your money to buy awards for this shitty comment, donate to a local charity instead
Friday is the 'sacred day' for Islam
I can imagine the things that you frequently see or encounter, really
"We will destroy every piece of nationalism
Go back to 4chan
at all after this comment
[OC] Istanbul sunset, February 2017
One side says it is amazing city to travel not to live
The effects of religion is diminishing
I thougt the pronunciation was weird because I have heard it many times in Turkish
Damn, this guy/girl really hates Kemalism.
Our only historical interaction was fighting against each other in Gallipoli
Our particular brand of Islamic conservatism fucks up people, Turks and Kurds alike.
Most private schools have lockers but there usually aren't lockers in government schools
There isn't much "revisionist" about that if you add "for the time" on that statement.
Well, TIL
> balkan spring would be boring
Sad
But my mom can only turn into a tomato
&#x200B;
From what i've seen some people have a hard time differentiating between Turks supporting the army and Turks supporting Erdoğan which is understandable because Erdoğan makes it seem like he's the one risking his life on the ground
Idk, what would happen then
The problem with that is that the Northern Cypriots really don't want that.
I've probably interacted/still interact with 10-20 Germany-born Turkish people tops in my working context
Ottoman Empire was a Turkish empire
Uh, the definition of west developed because of Islam and Eastern Orthodoxy.
So far I've only run into idiots, and that doesn't bother me so much
Our economy is getting worse and worse each year education is a nightmare people are hungry and İ wish i was born in germany ;(
Sputnik is a wonderful newspaper haha
inb4 erdogan declares himself caliph
This mindset is shared by many Turks.
-local market, butcher, tailor etc knows everyone in the neighbourhood
Correct, I was a college student when that happened
Looks like nobody here like facts when it comes to Turk bashing.
Russia is beyond us
Me neither
I mean
Until some years ago, Georgian police would place drugs in tourists cars, "catch" them and ask for a bribe.
But he was shot and killed in broad daylight, and the cops who brought his killer in took selfies with the hitman in front of the Turkish flag
We’ve been to monuments for both sides
"Lady in red" from Gezi Park Protests of 2013 - a woman wearing a casual red dress, carrying a shopping bag, and getting pepper-sprayed by the police
The majority in Turkey don't want an Islamic theocracy.
Her standards of living has nothing to do with footballers' income
I somehow feel like strait water should have its own name.
If data shows something good: exclude Turkey cause it’s not in Europe
I always wish there were less idiots, but I got used to 50% idiots, 2% psychopaths, and 48% OK Drivers in Chicago, and, well, it takes a lot to phase me now
Edit: Google Translate just picks a gender if you try this in Turkish, results will be "He is beautiful
Ben bunu buraya getirdim
>Magical powers
Erdoğan
You want them to liberate the Uyghurs how, exactly
Eh, Cumhuriyet is one of the more journalistic newspapers
Azerbaijani: I can pretty much understand it without effort
Now downvote me mothafuckas
Look up some of the shit they wrote about and be amazed.
It doesn't matter what you did in the bathroom you wash your hands when you're leaving.
I like them, too until they act like Thor killing the neighbourhood
she has no idea about uyghurs hasn't she
and also has a proper mayor now
Internationalism is the only way
And lately Istanbulites who are mostly well educated have been leaving the city due to chaos, refugees, security issues, overcrowdness, pollution
>Karadağ - Literal translation from English (or Italian)
No, I hope it will stay that way
He was not hanged by Young Turks he was lynched by an angry mob and he was not just a critic he was part of a community who wanted to put Turkey under the British Mandate and he committed high treason by aiding British occupiers.
at all after this comment
Persecuted secularist military officers (now released) testified themselves that coup plotters were in fact Gulen supporters and this fact was known for years.
Cyprus, if I have to
I honestly doubt that the idiots ruling us know about Reddit .
Just approve what Cypriots agreed on and make it official
France
Roughly 35 kms away from the city center
They don't know what uncircumcised dicks look like, neither did I for a very long while
National: Definetely dogs
Funny thing is we use a word derived from French (büfe) for (at least some uses of) kiosk.
(or a businessman) There's a very well known story regarding this, when the Azerbaijani President visited Turkey in the 90's, he called the Turkish President "my pezevenk brother" (my pimp brother) in his speech during a state dinner and the Turkish President responded saying "Siz de az pezevenk değilsiniz" (You're not less of a pimp yourselves)
Turkish economy is around the size of Spain’s already (last I checked, though Spain has half the number of people, so per capita Spain is still higher)
But after the Karabakh war in 1988 the Armenian community in Azerbaijan was expelled as well
Then why do US/EU try to unite Cyprus while trying to divide everywhere else?
Or when you are on a date, you drink coffee
If Turkish soldiers retreat from Cyprus all of our southern sea borders will be blocked by other countries thus Cyprus is very important for turkey.
If they lied to gain votes, reelection
Wow, i didnt know Turkey, a country banned all communist organasations and parties was ACTUALLY communist
Byzantium
I am student that studies politics in Ankara it s really easy yo get to the university it only takes 5minutes
After a bit of shitstorm someone rational will point out that these countries shared common history under Ottoman Empire so similarities in culinary are to be expected, this answer satisfies the Turks but tends to trigger Greeks/Bulgarians/Serbians/Whatevers this time
Speaking on behalf of the sane, secular Turks:
I really think İstanbul would be chaotic enough for a gta game
It is like made for Turkish audience only
For instance, the president can rule by decree, but if the Grand National Assembly passes a law concerning the same subject as a decree, the decree is null and the law is the rule of the day
Refugee influx to Turkey sharply rises
Wouldn't say disgusting but agreeable overall haha
You need to assimilate new comers, enforce secularism with vigilance.
I would've almost believe this if you hadn't included Finland.
My generation is not much literate in computer as younger generations are
In the EU at my university, not in the EU at home!
You cannot sleep even 3 hours without interaption
We welcome half of the dodecanese to Turkey  :)
The old babushkas will know about your love life more than you
It gets hot in south Anatolia, and its very humid as well so it gets very hot
I will see them next time I visit Chios.
Imma throw up
How  [Menemen] is made
+add me to
Depends on the accent, sure
Is this after Bayrou's endorsement?
Ahh Radegast
lol i did not notice your flair
mostly fucking without consent
All those countries listed are angels, Putin is evil, Erdogan is sultan wannabe
Generally, your family uses the ancestral name and friends use the shorter one if there is no one with same your name
But there is definitely more stupid things than this
Supercars, F1
Doğa İçin Çal, Translation is “Play For The Nature”, Every year they release a song which mostly old folk song(s) which around 60 people sings it, even celebrities joins too, to gain more recognition for nature in public - recommended for Greeks too since there are couple songs which we share
"Yeah you're poor as fuck but wait until we show that Greek/Turkish bastards who rules the Aegean sea!" Works every time, sadly.
Sen niye yüzmüyon lan
For example it goes something like this:
Wow, French really hate Philippe Petain
-Take off your shoes before entering a house
r/MapsWithoutAegeanIslands
C: 17%
How come %3  British don't know about Ireland ?
Kuruş, bitter, vasistas, şnorkel, şalter, zeplin, general, dikta, dekan, element, genetik, otoban, revir
I recommend it to you
Lol, we're whiter than you Greece.
You need to inform yourself, because basically everything you said is wrong.
In 10th it was an actual Sex ED anything you need to know about(only separate one and was detailed one with you can ask any question)
If Berkin's a terrorist, here's a [pic] from his funeral.
Maybe the guy that thinks immigrant boats in the Mediterreanean should be sunk is a leftist, who knows
What world do you live in
He says that when they decided to publish *Lucky Luke* in Turkey in the mid 1950s, they wanted to use their own name for the character, and adopt the 'Red' from [*Red Ryder*] and 'Kit' from the title character of [*The Adventures of Kit Carson*] both famous Western stories of the time
nephew delet this
I agree %100
Testifying to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Congress, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, the top U.S. intelligence official, explicitly defined the YPG as the "PKK's militia force in Syria”.] Due to this situation Turkey considers both armed people under these names as Terrorist Organisation
I'm too much of a redhead to not wear sunscreen just to look at this picture
Arabs don't really hold Erdoğan as leader of muslims
well, this applies to 80% of western europeans
I am not Italian but I watched “io e te” the topic of the film was not so attractive but the scenes
DONER KEBAB
Turkland for sure, I'm getting tired of the bird jokes
Does everything run normally while it happens
Haghia sophia is well bigger and looks a bit different than your regular mosques.
Vote by darts
Btw i'm really worried about Germany
-Probably 5-6 more Russian and Far-East cities-
For you this might seem as bravery but for us it seems as on going terror organisation for 40 years which resulted 40,000 people death in Turkey since 1984
Yeah I know but that's how cocky they were before the coup attempt.
Eastern Europeans are more open to Turkey in the EU then the west.
[I think your facts are the alternative ones]
Kurds are not the problem, Those terror organisations are the problem
It was pretty popular for a couple years
And he did this in 1632
This makes it seem like Istanbul doesn't have many people lol
" is a pretty common question waiters receive in Turkey
so don't be surprised if you end up hanging out with a mix of people from venezuela, germany, poland, lebanon, peru etc
We used the â until a few years ago and it just stuck.
Damn, if Marie Antoinette heard these shits, she would definitely die from jealousy
The president
As I heard from Turkish social media, the official reason for the arrest was not the video.
By the time, [Evliya Çelebi] was about to starts its journey which will last over 50 years
One on bottom of shower or bathtub, one on higher on bathtub for preventing over flown and last is in floor for if over flown happens can prevent spreading into house
We central powers liked it that way I guess...
Also not counting multitude of shit that can happen to you if you commit thoughtcrime, which does not exist today.
What I wonder, how can someone get to this point in his mind
Even there are videos of some Spanish people dancing with it
tbf when todays industrialized countries burned oil and coal back in the day there was no one telling them to stop telling them to stop.
', she said 'anything' with an emphasis
They look nice, Pomaks are supposed to be muslim Bulgarians, yeah
That statement is ludicrous though.
All these European leaders and people still liked Obama best?
>Have you ever considered what being a woman in Turkey means
maybe bandana sometimes lol) went to Germany one time and someone literally asked "you are forced to wear a hijab in Turkey aren't you
i dont understand
We have a very diverse geography and climate here
She said something like men would consider a failed suicide attempt as a weakness while women suicide attempts would be a cry for help or a chance for secondary gain
When a new headmaster arrives, the students naturally try to overthrow him
#Rivalry
thats all i can say
I haven't seen one in Istanbul
So you saw some person, who may or may not be serious, say that homer is Turkic
So they chose Ankara, which is nearly in the middle of the land
He isn't the one who screwed up.
It is sort of a "Feel Turkish" card for the people living as immigrant but I know that they want to turn my country to hell for the other %50 just so they can say something like "Make Turkey Great Again".
But I don’t want him to become a martyr because that’d make things worse
Today Rantanplan is arguably more famous than Rin Tin Tin in most of Europe, including Turkey, where he is known as Rintintin
We have relations with Jews and Israel, current government is anti-Israel but many Turks and Jews love each other
But it's of course related to contemporary politics too, since Turkey is still in a bad relationship with the countries it went to war back then, while it's certainly not the case for France and Germany.
It is same here as well I thought it like just talking about sex, STDs, projection from STD etc
all justifying and glorifying ethnic cleansing
Pro gamer move
Makedonya, Please change your name
Doner kebap you can find in Europe is just another fast-food
"Being French to a subject" means having no idea/info about that subject
Civilians and journalists have been attacked by Hundred of German Police to leave the area when they were trying to make statement
In Turkey it's illegal to smoke indoors (if it's not your private property), for example
Russians couldnt take Istanbul in any condition.
And that helped a lot with Bulgaria
tavşan kostümü giyip fotograf cektirince kendini playboy dergisinde kapak sanan ananın amına evdeki elektrik süpürgesini sokarımananla karşılıklı salsa yaparken piste takla atarak giren orospu cocugu kardeşini götünden sikerim
They are not gonna drop dead, don't worry
We have them all
If you want to dismiss criticism you'll find a way.
Le Pen wants France to leave EU, which is likely to hurt the banks.
Moscow for seeing the modenism and skyscrapers
Great job neighbours, congratulations
Mal cok bosver aw
Rum wine best wine other wine fake wine
Pennala IT
Ottoman empire is really god example when it comes to how religion is used as cover up
No exaggeration
Kuruluş Osman(ottoman emp
Ask whatever you want but dont ask camels
fuck this shit
if you love animals so much, get one indoors at your home
Because of EU laws NA engines are going to disappear tho
It's just Ay (Moon), and Güneş (Sun)
We don't even share a land border with Russia, it's not like they'll roll the tanks in and try to occupy our land
Maybe throw in a Turkish cat and she lives in the maiden's tower
If you could also list the links of the posts that you used, that would be awesome
Far as I know, Turkey was Pro-Unification
Free water tho
It could mean the state collected more tax than it expected to, which in turn could mean people earned and spent more than expected; although it could also not have a link.
Do not pass GO, do not collect $200
The Qur'an clearly says "don't kill any human being, if you do, you will go to hell
I thought Trump was losing in 2016 because I didn't fully know America's electoral system that time
Now that I think about it, even the memes cooled off
And I have seen that lots of European redditors have mental problem, because If I had said that I'm pro EU intstead of I'm pro eurasia, people would have downvoted me again
Go back to your donald circlejerk sub.
Literally) after someone travels somewhere, they'll come back faster
Edgy 14 year olds: communism is great
Model - Buzdan Şato
One of the greatest human beings of the last century, thats what he is.
I think he stopped caring about public image long ago as long as he can secure his place as dictator in Turkey he'll be fine.
I identify with my city
I was and am still enjoying what I am doing
They need to check how this person and his family got to europe and why they were accepted in the first place
I wasn't blaming the EU, I just thought it was possible that some crazy violent person had a problem with it.
Wish they put Turkey on the list
Even the most of the islamists are hating them
Like, I’m sure I would be having more fun in Dubai or Las Vegas for example but Sintra is a lot more beautiful
That's it, this is more or less the only paragraph about WW2 in history books in my whole high school life
I know people who lost relatives to them
Also, %50 isn't "absolute majority"
Stupid AKP even allowed girls to wear a headscarf in school which is awful because most of them are not done by choice but by being forced by religious nut parents
Yes
Tried it and saw "how do i sign in to another domain"
I feel my country as a part of Europe and it's fine if you have your own opinion.
Depends on who you're asking, apparently:
because we are committing some pretty bad human rights violations in our way of dealing with PKK.
Ottoman Empire also had Greeks, Armenians, Arabs, Assyrians, Kurds, Jews, Bosniaks, Serbs, Croats, Albanians
strange timing, again /s
Nice read, thanks
They were religious and weren't hiding it (and were allied with the fundamentalist religious organisation which they had a conflict of interest with in 2013 and which was behind the coup attempt of 2016) but seemed to conduct it in a pro-liberty manner; for example, they removed the hijab ban in universities and state institutions
(Turkish) Varşova
Time changes everything
It also includes Morocco, which Ottomans never had any control over.
With a record low turnout because of the lack of a left alternative.
I am not Cryptiot but I heard from a Northern Cyrptiot guy that the Turkish Cypriots are between meh and sure in reunification while Greek Cypriots are between naaah and meh
Then came along these landlords saying these institutes were “communistic” and that they were threatening their position, America didn’t help either: they told that if we wanted the aid of bazillions of shitty tin canned food, we needed to shut down those institutes, and so we did
Incarceration of cigarette smokers and producers will be even more costly as jails start to fill up
I've never tasted British Tea and I really wonder what it tastes like
I cannot read it but it is probably legal to be used as a parking some hours per day
There are tens of banned parties in Turkey, most of which have nothing to do with Kurds.
Turkey and Greece barking at each other without bite
[They haven't discovered that they can actually just block the pages contains the mails instead of blocking the whole server]
(even though it was built in 2017)
[The Reddit admin spez said "Most likely porn"]
I have used [this wikipedia article] which list Armenian churches in Iran
Writing and sound form of a word is same
Yes, say "a giant fuck you" to one of the world's most important union.
The fact more of Kazakhstan is in Europe than Turkey is quite sad, Turkey's much more western than it and a huge amount of the population lives closer to Europe than Cyprus.
Yeah it is patriotic, it written while Turkish Inpendenece War happening, and its also made for soldiers get improved
Can't wait for summer to end
What happens when it rains a lot
Konya: Rumi, huge agricultural plains, zealots
Doesn’t everyone put their toilet paper in the trash or is this just satire
“There was a traffic
1012 Trilyon
Kenan Evren, the commander-in-chief during the coup of 1980 was probably the worst
Recognising and cooperating more with the republic of china is definitely something i'd support
Because the Sun holds no apparent value.
This is a /r/worldnews level comment right here.
I don't think parents should make their kids work or get them to pay rent before they're at least 18-19
I thought it was a painting until i read the comments :c
All he does is go on tv programs and spew shit.
open up the thread) but imgur is basically unusable without VPN
I’m so French to that subject
How's that relevant to the topic?
Hell, I'm sure some might want to participate as well and not just watch
It's "çekiç" in Turkish they're must be related
5 A sound
We're talking about Greeks and whether they integrate or not.
They would all try but none succeeded.
Some of the Syrians are "fairer" looking too.
This discussion is a mere past-time there
Thank you for not wasting my time and telling if fair and square that you are ignorant and was talking out of your ass.
The retirement age is same across all people, regardless of how much they will live after.
Sanctions would actually might increase his influence on conservatives because they already think western nations are out to get them
Economy has gone to shit, we have that dude named Erdoğan which you all know very well, more than half of turkey is currently supporting him
ahahhahwhah
In short, I'm just pissed that my tax-money is being spent on some mosques
Science-denying and defamation of non-theism is prevalent
You are so racist, you aren't even aware of how racist you are.
Arabic script is somewhat phonetical and there sound that sound like each other
There are approximately 14 million Kurdish People in Turkey and we start in Syria
The most Islamic thing AKP has done is opening imam-hatip schools everywhere they can.
Atatürk also changed the alphabet letters from Arabian to Latin which is more fitting for Turkish language, but not as fitting as Cyril according to my Turkish language professor in college
Turkish tea in particular
I agree that it's stupid though
When did I deny anything Turkey has ever done
Their behavioral pattern is more or less similar to the groups mentioned by the OP
Cliffs of Dover
Notre Dame in Paris
My new religion
Most Turkish city
How we're not in this list
If you were right, why is Iran not in the G20?
In Turkey it is about the prices
There is a difference between a person representing non-existent national entity saying something and a nation saying something about genocide and the ramifications of it.
But Government is now changing to one card system for every city and transportation
Look at my country and see how islam is ruining our culture day by day.
how did you even get into those situations, OP
The ruling class was Turkish, yes; but same way the Greek culture you mention persisting despite Ottoman dynastic rule; so did Turkish culture
Russia didn't even have healty elections before 90s .
Yiğit Bulut is not Steve Bannon.
It was also easier physically though this is not advertised.
He's shot dead but he claimed the life of the ambassador...
Apparently the terrorist attacked the night club for only 150.000$
I did not realize France wasn't in Europe.
" while she was drinking beer in a bar
This shows how AKP values more to Arabs than Turks
maybe göktürk style flag would be more fitting ideally idk
Lets not pretend that the majority of Europeans aren't hateful bigots against us.
Generally speaking, I consider Turks  a mixture of middle eastern and Balkan culture
Everybody in Netherlands have the right to bear snowballs
That's supposed to be the joke.
For Turkey, it is because of prices
Neither, but we tried to join Europe before and got a huge backlash because Europeans are allergic to Muslims.
I think you just confessed the hypocrisy of this sub, It's not about the rightness of the operation
You guys already fucked them enough.
Thats all
Yes its started 105 years ago
A lot of Muslim countries respect him for his statements about Islam and Islamic countries.
No Islands Aegean is disturbing
Any kind of sexual activity with minors under 15 is illegal.
Someone looking at this mapn will think half of Turkey was majority Armenian
I don't think Erdoğan personally ordered this to happen, but it's probably an AKP official in ministry.
lol
Ow France
Turkey fucking left because they were overwhelmed I guess
Our current flag is pretty cool
There was [this video] that I had watched
Even after Erdoğan Turkey won't stop
One more thing, usage of his picture has increased because Erdogan wanting to erase him and his legacy
It is very suspicious that Erdo (compared to his previous elections) played clean and fairly so far
I repeat, if i were living in USA/Europe and somebody was insulting me from twitter, i would like to sue him.
But I hope in future
We have mandatory Philosophy lessons in High School
Niye ülkeni kötü göstermeye çalışıyorsun.
>Το Ζεϊμπέκικο της Ευδοκίας by Manos Loizos
It isn’t long,only 1 minute
There are no articles such as der, die, le, la etc
>>the Transnistria issue
Belgium ?We never went to war with them except ww1 we went to war with russia like 13 times
Im just waiting for some Europeans to share some colonialism ideas of several Europe countries and their result of deaths lol
Yeah sure pal that is why your leaders fail to say that to our face for years until now.
We are not one single thing, we are the embodiment of all of these things mixed together
So having free time on Friday would make it easier to go to the mosque for certain lot
Gives complicated feelings to watch it all from Turkey.
We have a kurdish seperatist and autonomus movements
You can enjoy a cup of tea any time during the day
It has some cost
They are imperialistic, as in nostalgic of the times of a long gone empire
In fact I am drinking tea right now
But I've got a 3 point plan that's going to fix EVERYTHING.
The Italy is made out of Italy
Whats a proggresive law
People who claim Ottoman empire were good to minorities are deluded but so are the people who claim Ottoman empire somehow stood alive for 600 years by just pure brutality.
Cap= can be pronounced like “job” but a little tougher
They’re mostly pretentious college kids who thinks using an English word in a sentence makes them look intelligent or cool
The issue I take with Arabs is lack of integration or desire to learn the local language, an average Arab in Turkey only hangs out with other Arabs, doesn't know Turkish much, only shops at Arabic shops and buys his meat at Arab butchers, goes to Arabic barbers and Arabic restaurants, etc, which results in neighborhoods and cities with big migrant Arab populations slowly transforming into full-blown Arab territories with women in burkas and men with bushy beards, long white dresses and sandals all over the place, Arabic shop signs and ads on every corner, people speaking Arabic everywhere
I get the joke but the statement is referring to the political power of the dollar since Trump was threatening with embargo
it is
Doner kebap you can find in Europe is just another fast-food
Baklava - Greece
My point is that it is easier to support a dictator when you are not being directly effected
Both of those guys are popular due to "strong man" politics and their opposition are obviously under heavy pressure due to their unjust use of power to control the media and etc.
By that logic Persians should be proud of Europe aswell since they hindered the Ottomans mildly.
Denizanası (Jellyfish) = Mother of the sea
I mean, I'm still a little jumpy when I meet someone that is greek anywhere in the world because I've had some random hostility from them occasionally, but that's becoming less and less of an issue, thankfully
Mete Khan
1) Generic Middle Eastern Country
perfect
Good luck Romanian friends, I hope you will be able to chage more things than us for your future.
D: 10%
Our economy
I wish we could all just get along
My country was always free
Keep using such heavy words for shit like this and they'll stop meaning what they used to mean
Hey, I googled your president when he had a sexy photo of him taking the vaccine
or Do you want to make sure if astronauts hear us
They are right, they should learn the language and integrate
You can also check Haluk Levent for modern folk rock;
Yes, true
Surprised no one said Turkish
Republic of Turkey is founded in 1923
I'm Turkish but I've never heard of someone who wants to remove content from reddit
During the Irish famine, for some unknown reason Ottoman sultan abdulmecid decides to help by sending 10000 pounds
That's why it is surprising why people of Turkey would own this history so much, but they do
Istanbul Technical University, Middle East Technical University and Boğaziçi are probably the most prestigious ones in engineering
Turkish Bow
Even Lindsey Graham, the fiercest critic of Turkey's involvement in Syria, admitted this:
He is trying to prepare the public and turn a possible political hit from the vote into gain.
This Jesus guy sounds like a good person
You must obey the protocols when hiring for government
Not to mention tons of other far far cheaper foods than even that.
The good news is that "NO" is still on an upward trend but trusting polls of any kind at this stage is not the best idea.
Is it a good idea to buy a plane which have many components produced in turkey.
Ottoman Sultan of the time Fatih took the Conqueror title after the battle since Constantinople was considered unbreachable for many years, and Fatih tried to keep the city unharmed as much as he could
I nominate Switzerland
Osmanlı selçuklu göktürk aç abi sıkıntı yok bizim ülkede
I hope you will be much more successful than us.
Turkish diaspora in US and most of the in Arabic countries are ok while the one in Europe isn't that good but still saying 80% of Turkish diaspora agrees with Grey wolves(he also doesn't really know what it means.The term Grey wolf ia a lot different than qhat foreigners think) is a huge exterigation.MHP got 11% in last elections (Idea houses which are known as Grey wolves in Europe are connected to these sides but this doesn't mean every Grey Wolf or similar people are part of MHP.The guy who killed Russian pilot was reported as a Grey Wolf but he isn't part of MHP.He was part of BBP's Alperen houses and has nothing to do with MHP or idea houses).
chp has been fighting with islamic cults like gulen for nearly 100 years.
do i really need to answer
But I have not included them, because they have lost their connection to the Armenian community many centuries ago and identify themselves rather as Turks as Armenians
this looks like an acid trip
[*](reddit
people as a Mediterranean country which makes us feel close to them compared to North European countries
•Kars:A city with a big russian,Azeri and armenian cultural heritage
At the end of the day, We belong to the west
What was the triggering factor?
Not combatting the source of these attacks.
group connected to terrorists, 5.
It roughly means "I wish what you're doing won't tire you much". You can also say that to a random person working like a construction worker or a janitor
Turkish and Azerbaijani are quite similar
I don't understand this :( Can you explain the joke?
Bosniaks are generally organized within AKP with economic and cultural organizations and so on, but I agree, it doesn't say much about who votes how
I believe everyone starts as a blank page (looking at you, Locke) and treats the world the way world treats them
14 = on dört
Laz and Crimean Tatars are both minorities in the blacksea coast.
Is it something fully Turkish
It's like 30°C when It's noon
I hope that the young generations will change this
If it’s any consolation, even after fifteen years of this stuff, Turkey still defines itself in the context of Europe, for example, the history books that we get taught are almost entirely full of European history (helps that Turkey also plays  a large role in that)
**1800s:** Kostantiniyye
I was dreaded by the thought of doing this, thanks
6 total and 3 of them are in Istanbul so I wouldn’t call it easily accessible
Meme in English  : an image, video, piece of text, etc
"Why we should close the brothels
All I am saying is that of course Putin will say "I'm sorry those 3 soldiers were killed" and not act like he personally killed those soldiers.
They can be very fanatic about islam, so it is better that way since we consider the fact that i am still living with them
Or why Hitler invaded Poland beyond "he was expansionist".
Ah, got it
Without the exchange, Northern Greece and Western Turkey would have quite a lot of Greek/Turkish-majority areas
That's the problem, "deniers" says that there is no historical fact that Armenians were **systematically** killed, which is the definition of genocide
* [Neolithic Site of Çatalhöyük] (2012)
a LOT
I am B1 but I find it very hard to understand the words when Germans speak between each other.
No problem at all
"Significantly weaker", no
They are truly sons of bitches
Neither do we need to be, which is my point
politicians act more friendly towards each other than the people
>Making fun of the German president (not chancellor) is being punished
Hmmm
Not towards Bulgaria
Number of Turkish firms in Serbia triples in 2 years
I love when such small details in history lead to stuff like that.
But a vaccination is a very certain substance
Intelligence is only a very small part of why birth rate is low in West.
I am sick of the sun
In informal settings (between friends and family) it generally evolves to cheek kisses
No leg room, smell, etc
There are a lot of different shades between a lie and a truth
Sorry neighbour but I'd really love to have the big Aegean Sea and the Mediterranean Sea
Negative: "Bride-taking". The tradition of "requesting" the bride from her father
Sultan gave country to British, Italian, French, Greek, Armenian
I do not support mandatory vaccinations
Erdoğan has been unsuccessfully trying to convince Turkish families to have at least 3 children.
Saying that Turkey attacks "Kurdish people" when fighting PKK/YPG is like saying that US attacks Afghans when fighting against Taliban or Muslims when fighting against ISIS
They are since there are so many of them they are very hungry and they attack everything they see
00 but students are expected to be there some time before that
There are some unusual ones that are not used anymore by the general public like: Urup, Kirah, Cerip that were used in different sectors during the Ottoman period
I love how BLM's "Marxists" would March in countries with fairly good police forces but won't do anything about Uyghurs
What you have is deliberate modification of language.
Since mid-2000's far right is on an internet crusade, anywhere they aren't kicked out of they will eventually end up controlling because regular people don't want to deal with their bs and leave whereas your average neonazi has nothing better to do than pissing people off online
Even if the person on the other side of the internet is actually a paid shill, try to remember that it is still a human being.
At a minimal level, so it's not a tradition
Ghent From Top Of Gravensteen Castle
Yup, we generally do so
If it's just beard you could shave in the bathroom but if it was hair, they wouldn't let you in
Trump is an actor among many others
For the Ottoman part of Armenia i have used [the work of Sevan nisanyan]
I thought the 26 law made it harder, not illegal.
Turkey:ACTIVATE MY GENITALS
Money you can't embezzle is not money
Because that song is just a cover (which is like what, 3-4 years old) of the original song "Kafkasya daglarinda
However, electors used to cast two votes
I have this itching feeling that the word you were looking for was Thrace instead of Caucasus since Turkey generally isn't considered to extend into the Caucasus region.
Americans are still dumb
I'd personally prefer the weather in Sweden
Heh
The Netherlands would have been better off just quietly preventing the AKP from making arrangments for a meeting location or something like that.
It’s the only place you can become a professional Batman though studying in [Batman University]
All I am saying is, I am tired of getting schooled about the *obvious* fake coup.
However, there is no denying that certain people will have a negative sentiment towards Turkey regardless of who is president.
Fuck me the footage is terrifying.
What is the ideology of Green Party ?
Turkey would never surpass central or east european countries in economic success.
>Most people here are agreed that turkey is transcontinental and kind of its own thing
We use name Atilla a lot
Here you kill 5 people, one of them being a top military leader
Womens does not exist**
6 every election
Sorry but we are too full to get more refugees
I’ll wear the thickest clothes I own
It is same situation in Turkey too
Not that you asked, but younger people seem more nostalgic about the Ottoman Empire than the older generation who are more devoted to the Turkish Republic
(He made Turkey a secular state, demolished caliphate and modernized Turkey
Yes, and I don't think any of us thinks that they are Nazi
Go on downvote me again most Turks are simpletons and will eat this all up.
Since there are now less tanks in the US.
Suitia FI
Like are these sharia courts even exist in Europe?
he speaks calmly and accurately,daily french you would use is spoken in a different manner
Thank you
Except playful comments from immediate family
Then give me numbers, if there is a genocide show me how many have been "cleansed", how many have been killed
Only talk about it if you want to talk about the job market, usually if you are in the same profession
But I think that may be excused since it is currently 5 a.m. here
Only 12% of the Turkish population want the Sharia law.
The guy had numerous made numerous visits to Turkey and there was a voice recording between him and two agents of MIT.
>Mete Khan, İsmet İnönü, Sultan Alp Arslan
Its was cultural hub back in the days and so it has great architecture
>like do you know any Turkish men who are uncut
Of course 40% of GDP spent on the Government (which is the figure I saw at the start of the crisis) is ludicrous.
A is /a/ as in father
When will Denmark be held to account for this genocide
They are left to die
Why hasn't a corporation just bought out an island, payed all the people some pittance and formed a country from it by now
* "They came out of the bathroom in a robe and masturbated while looking at us
Beşiktaş, Kadıköy, Üsküdar all amazing towns
In Turkey, there are stray packs almost everywhere
Am moustache, can confirm
As far as I know, completely normal to talk to family about such experiences
Syrian Kurds(PYD) has publicly shown their support toward to PKK(which is recognised as an terrorist group in USA and EU)
People with absolutely no knowledge of Turkish that hve nothing to do with this country just randomly get Turkish passports and it pisses me off, as far as I'm concerned language knowledge should be the #1 requirement for citizenship
That explains everything
His exact words were "Look at me!
we understood each other in turkish :)
Adolf 0/10
Rip innocent people
But I've never seen anyone call it that
There is a stereotype in Turkey about all architects being Laz
What are you even talking about?
In the first time since 2013, we have seen hope, this man will save us from the dictator we all hate
It is pretty great
So just like scottish and english
Reading his tweets causes damage to your IQ and makes you dumb enough to believe in them.
I get how people who have been indoctrinated since childhood buy into Islam, I even kind of get male converts.
AFAIK It's because of a scandal in CSU and a leadership battle in SDP
But in reality we racially resemble Southern and Balkan Europeans much more than most Western people stereotype us to be
Hot take: Anything to the east of Czechia doesn't qualify as core Europe
Honestly I wouldn't be opposed to letting Eastern regions secede, they lower our averages quite a lot
And yes, it looks as homoerotic as it sounds
Much more efficient
They just work and die, they're not interested in art or culture.
It's like 30°C when It's noon
I love Turkey
That's really amazing
I am not an expert but an attack with automatic weapons and multiple terrorists happens without intelligence service noticing can be only explained as sleeping terrorist cells are ordered to attack
They fired ALL non-islamic academics.
The immigrant situation is a part of this: he is the one who opened the borders to them in the first place, citing Muslim brotherhood and stuff, but now he wants to get rid of them because people dislike them - people whose votes are more important to him than ever
” “I forgot something at home and had to return back
This right-wing bullshit in Turkey will soon come to an end.
it can mean a completely different thing if it’s said wrongly
Nobody sees germany as a threat anymore so it should be no problem.
If a certain food like milk is singled out then it would be unethical
ジョン　メード　ヒス　ウェー　トゥ　ア　タベルン　スルー　ザ　ダーク　フォレスト、　オンリ　トゥ　ファインド　アウト　ザット　ヒ　フォルゴット　ザ　マニー
Same for Turkey too
It’s a normal reaction
A researcher who is qualified on the topic will use -di
I want him gone
Honestly it doesn't matter that much.
I wish we were somewhere more west but still in the Mediterranean area, that's far from Syria lol
Nevermind my answer
I can't make comments about the quality of the course with just a few podcast but their technique is very effective especially for languages with little to none relation like Turkish and Greek (or most European languages
I think it's more because in english it's called istanbul
Yeah, they came about when people realised the traditional forts were pretty much useless against cannons.
Thessaloniki Jews were blamed as traitors when they registered as Turks as population polls to make Turkish population look bigger so independence was more unlikely.
Membership of Turkey means more representation for Turkey on European parliament and less for Germany and France who are the brain of EU.
He is clever
It's a nice gesture and I couldn't care less what they call Istanbul.
Or 'faka' for more street vibes haha
USSR should’ve just said it is Armenian land instead of Azerbaijani in 1980’s...
It is the parents' responsibility to keep the child behaving
You should not have try to exterminate your Turkish neighbors
There are Turks -other than Turkey’s Turks, there are Azerbaijanis, Turkmen, Kirghiz, Uigur, Uzbek etc
"replaced with his friends"
Dude I'm telling this for the third time now
Ours 'tried' to do a coup, when will yours 'try' a coup
Not to break the circle jerk, but most KKK members were descendants of rural Puritan English settlers of early-mid 1600s, not Finns arriving after WWII.
At least you get included
I live in turkey but i hate him and most of the turks dont support him they win by stealing votes and stupid people HE IS A DICTATOR in turkey if we say something bad about him they just send us to the prison
Oh, wait, it accomplished the opposite.
Look at the other map on my other reply to u/young_chaos
relatable :(
Ankara: Let's take a small town that is somewhat strategically safe during the Liberation War and make it the capital and completely fuck it up with unplanned growth and immigration
These are some of the German words in the Turkish language
Pine trees were commom in Central Asia and decorating them with fruits symbolized rebirth of the nature.
Tomyris could be a nice representation of Turkish women
In fact I'd recommend it to the Turks as well, there are a lot of things that we didnt learn in school about him in the book.
> We use quite a lot in messaging
The number of religious people is decreasing like hell in the new generation because of Erdoğan's policies
Weird
Tho they are absolutely not related
Potential to sell will always be there even if we don’t it’s still better for us
Muteahhit is not an architect, it is the owner of the construction company dude.
Make sure they stamp your passport on the way in.
As a citizen, I wish there was a Turkey for every Kurdish citizen happily call home
Cigarettes and (maybe) alcohol
It's bizarre to see people who refuse climate change is real, even now
What if I told you, being against PKK/= Erdo follower
special status about trade and research and information exchange and what not.
Greencard holders) are subjected to same practice.
I would argue zeeg in english and sijg in german would be more accurate phonetically than sig as alternative spellings of sieg.
Some of them were most boring shit I have read but questions about books were in exams so kids must of read at least some of it.
Whole Ottoman rule without exchange would be weird anyway.
He has an important referandum of presidency in front if him soon.
3) Belly dancers and camels
High tobacco tax, ban of smoking in indoor places and anti-smoking ads have all helped
Seems like you're brainwashed into thinking that people are brainwashed.
Apart from celebrations and government buildings, people rarely hang them
And lots of type of it
Everybody in Netherlands have the right to bear snowballs
Not a child's story but commonly assigned for kids to read: Kaşağı.
The same principle could be applied to America, Brazil, China or any other large country
An academician with 3 degrees or an internationally celebrated artist won't have a hard time being accepted somewhere else, open borders or not.
Let the downvotes come
Then some retard in high court thought it was against human rights to force taking shots without parent’s consent
Yes they can, who are you trying to fool?
So far the best things i have eaten were;
They did it with Russia because the issue was international in nature, Turkey's problems are internal.
Obviously
I grew up with non meaty sarma so I like it better
Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrey Karlov has reportedly been shot in Ankara
I saw one from a South American country in the Netherlands but I can't remember which
As a result, I can only swear in English now.
Modern cartoons do to this too much, but in 70-90s localizing the characters names were not so rare with the most known example being popeye characters
I think it's fine, sometimes protection isn't the sole reason
Look at all those female majority, white majority or black majority companies
It depends on your field and where you're working
Come over and let's drink until we fucking die.
How would a sane person eat this shit
And thats why we love you
just like the way we're gonna throw you malakas to aegean
But there is a high possibility that this is real.
i can feel russians cheking out antalya
We should uss nuclear instead of fossil fuels and then try to replace them with renewables later
You are right
But some people apparently do hate all of them.
Also portions of food were much more smaller
His days are indeed numbered, but it will still take some years
Better than "who has the bigger guns" contest at least.
Takes some effort - on our part - to explain how Atatürk wasn't jingoistic at all, and instead strove for regional peace every which way he could
Meanwhile Cyprus turkish sounds like they stopped when they reached the peak 60s era turkish movie dialects
Even after the parliament building being reconstructed 2 more times, Ankara is still the capital of Republic of Turkey
What happens when the Spanish government stops receiving money from the northeast of Spain
>that makes 2 elections, ya know
Better than Turkey that's for sure.
We were neutral throughout the war (if we exclude last moments of war when we declared war on Germany), thus it didn't affect us who killed who
no not really , new system favors the president with wide range of powers
Shit, I did not notice Belarus changed the color of their flag
If we could really understand mustafa kemal’s ideals Turkey would be such a different state
” It doesn’t matter if you recognise it or not
It wouldn't be without [precedent]
They may have split, but the 'stache remains the same
The 5% is when somebody uses a very old Ottoman Turkish, Persian, or Arabic-related
In turkish
Well Sunni Muslims don't venerate saints and think it's a form of idolatry.
I accused west of hypocrisy not putting us to the situation we are in.
A few months ago there was a nuclear material trade
Yeah but at least they are a democracy now, they used to be a military dictatorship like all of the USA's Asian allies.
There is also a village southward of it called Kessab
“I will go the islands and raise the Turkish flag.
As far as I know the new IDs don't have them (I actually just came back home and am trying to get one before I leave, because it looks way more legit than the old ones when you're abroad and you need proof of identification when you don't have a passport)
i think the other dude explained well
With current situation of EU, i don't think EU got leverage.
I am already away from Turkey, but I wanted to visit the Netherlands this summer.
did we ask tho
Simple case of demand and supply
Istanbul
It:
We'll give it back to Greeks when Swedes go back to Russian steppes and give their land to Samis.
People in Turkey are very friendly
By this way there would be no difference between West and East
The first three sections in this constitution can’t be changed and their unchangibility is undisputable
I would like to be called Nikos
Also, bringing someone other than your long time partner that your parents know is a bit off
The important thing is they purge a lot of people but innocent ones return(It can take 1 mounth or 1 year depends on how hard you work.One of the teachers in my school got fired and returned in a mounth).The worst part is high ranking AKP members(which are very guilty) don't get purged and they purge a lot of people with the mind set"If they are innocent they will get back",ok they will return but this doesn't mean they will get their lost time and money back.
While it might have been necessary to rein in far-left and far-right terrorists, nothing can excuse the torture, forced disappearances and arrests
Reading an opinion piece on terrorism and Switzerland in the Chicago Tribune from an ex Fox-News moderator, just seems out of place.
No it is not blocked in Turkey
Pek bilinmez ama Corc Martın baba tarafından Ispartalıdır.
Turkish people abroad really don't do you guys a favour.
Aysu, Esin, Beyza, Asena(very cool name imo), Başak, the list goes on
This is for what I call "Big city dialect" which is a mix of many others
He didn't even insult him all he said was he wouldn't serve Erdogan tea if he came to his cafeteria.
Also, Art 4 states that provision of Article 1 (with two other aritcles, 2 and 3
There is a law according to which you cannot disrespect him or his memory, but the enforcement depends on the status quo (and your status against it!)
Might as well replace the Turkish satanist's question with "When will Turkey join the EU?".
These guys flew to Greece with a military helicopter as soon as the coup failed.
:)))
Nah, it's the same gambit they pulled with Bush: Make the president seem retarded.
I know that
You forgot most used one which is: "Sikimde değil
Arabic script is somewhat phonetical and there sound that sound like each other
we fuck donkeys
It is always said geography is destiny whenever something happens
Should we invade places or something like that
Today is the children's day in Turkey
do you need to enter a PIN using your contactless card?
I know you think this is Islam
She gives the "this is fine" look
Literacy was higher among the ruling class, military and burocracy and some extend of traders/merchants.
People living abroad get to vote in local elections in Turkey, choosing the mayor of a city they never ever lived in.
Teşekkürler - exact translation: thanks
Erdoğan supporters are not necessarily anti-Atatürk.
There is difference between TAK you are probably thinking of PKK.TAK only does attacks and kills people in cities(Also majority of their targets are civilians).Their attacks are on wikipedia you can check them if you want.TAK mostly does attacks in Western Turkey to punish people and say Turkish people should understand this war(Which doesn't make any sense).
Turkish production in 2015 was 1,358,796(it puts Turkey in the 5th place in the Europe) produced vehicles are Renault,Wolksvagen,Toyota,Mercedes,Otokar(Turkish company that makes military vehicles),Hyundai,BMC,MAN,ISUZU,Karsan,Fiat,Honda and Temsa vehicles.
We really don't Deserve Kılıçdaroglu I swear everytime I hear people say he is not strong enough to lead Turkey I facepalm.
And I think the main problem when it comes to istanbul is that we had a similar antipariochi like the Greeks did in the 70s so Istanbul’s architectural and historical sites are concentrated in particular zones and there are really ugly neighborhoods in the outer city while in Edinburgh most if the buildings were protected and even the most common building keep up to the architectural standards
If loved and cared well, stray animals will be the spice of the city and they won't be a nuisance
I hope he, together with his cronies, faces trial one day, for all of his crimes against this country and humanity
The worst thing he would do is probably build two minarets somewhere /s
.... by very very far
He doesnt mind if westerners (and their local colaborators -- aka opposition media, opposition politicians, secular bussinesmen, trade unions, NGOs) call him a dictator.
If this deal fails too, we would see the damage on both sides at the most serious level.
Although this is from the perspective of a male, I can't speak for non-trans women
I have seen cases where people have two first names and I’m pretty sure it’s legal but it’s usually happens when the mother and father can’t decide a name
I happy now that I have gotten rid off this part of my past
My grandfather did his military service in Istanbul in the late 1950's. While I'm sure his eyes are tinted by nostalgia to a degree, he says the Istanbul of that time was way better - "a lot of green spaces, no concrete monsters and little traffic" in his words
As far as im aware nuclear has the lowest fatality rate out of all the energy sources
"Seriously undermine his efforts to actually govern the country", yes
Something other than a fucking bird name that's for sure
if we come from monkeys then how come we still have erdogan?
[Oil wrestling
That pretty specific but aight, it's "Sincap".
As well as representing end of Independence War
It's "Çekiç" in turkish too
Also Dunes of Texel National park was simply magical
Eh I mean technically it could be correct.
For once I'm glad Turkey is not in EU because if we were, we would definitely at the bottom of this list
I’m sorry but that’s so metal
I love driving
And not that crowded
Huns
Well that's nice
1) ornegin iki tane arkadas gecen seneki tatillerindeki komik bir olay hakkinda konusuyorlar
Because theres no party limit in turkey.
For Turkey, the answer is no
You don't say
Same reason as in EUIV but not as OP as Germany
That's the exact system we have
Evren's comment was sarcastic:
It's even more shameful we have people denying it
Otherwise it does not make sense
We will get our revenge eventually.
Greeks from the mainland greece: Yunan (Ionian).
The tought of a Nordic country that have similarities with Turkey is really interesting
Or you can write down a word and everyone will read it the same
More LGBT rights (which they never mention to their eastern voters since they would lose votes) and less religious influence in the government.
Koy götüne - Fuck its ass
There are just too many of them
Credit Cards with NFC, Cash(only applies for minibuses), -insert city name- Card or Tickets
Battle of Gallipoli
People indulging in usage of ad hominems are just either trying to farm karma by "bird country bad" or taking the crimes their countries committed tens of years ago personally, showing an irrational need to defend a malicious practice either they agree with or they are just so indulged in (toxicated) national pride that they can't see the mistakes of the past
(fun fact Chobani founder is turkish )
That's the Weimar Republic for you
Are you talking about [Ayran]
I believe it's more like more like 'Hell' or 'Hello'.
off to go to scotland
By republican revolutions, education is taken seriously too, established more central compulsary education.
I dont know what is included, but during festival periods in İstanbul I used to watch more than ten movies.
In fact I thought he was Arabic
Yeah there was an earthquake in İzmir and everyone started panicking about the mutation
Depends on where you live
Even in Turkey healthcare is better than USA
And by that way we can lose our last ally in the Eastern Mediterranian
You sound like a fascist to me.
S/He probably is still here)
Any anti-democratic law they pass goes through the parliament.
Absolute impudence and disrespect in brief
Just buy the media and make them just compliment your work
Just nonsense
Even in Turkey healthcare is better than USA
I had a friend help me fill that out since it's all in Russian, if you don't know the language be sure to have someone willing to help.
agglutinating for life bro !!
It is a tradition to drink Turkish coffee after meals, so it makes sense
Yeas, thank you
Opposition is miserable and unable to defend the Kemalism
It takes a lot of courage actually to blow yourself up and fight in the mountains against the second largest NATO army for 30 years.
Hell, even university professors are like that
Considering your comprehension it's no wonder you think that Turks believe Homer to be Turkic
wasn't us
When they joined, Portugal was an actual authoritarian dictatorship, and Greece was under a military junta for 7 years while still being in NATO.
(and speaking like a native english person is wayy more rare)
The 51st-54th states, just how the Queen desired it
Ben buraya bunu getirdim
Our roots as in the fundamental values which our country was built upon.
It isn't officially used in Turkish but I believe there's a Turkish version of it as well
US navy hits Syria, gay marriage is allowed etc
Just change the place of the "s"
Domestic cats' original habitat is Anatolia, Turkey and today you can see cats everywhere you go indoors and outdoors
Kazakh: Not so much
That's what how things should be everywhere
For example just yesterday I saw a Greek claim that Trojans were Hellenes but to say that all Greeks believe pre-hellenic Anatolian civilisations to be Hellenes would be inaccurate
It's just Spanish with a horrible accent
The elections were to take place in 2019, but with some "pressure" from AKP's ally MHP, (right-wing nationalists) it was decided that it was gonna take place in 2018, next sunday
But it was an European one)
Dude the forest is so black i can't fucking see it on my low brightness phone
I propose another solution: people can stop being absolute gullible retards and don't believe in everything they read instead
It’s the best
or whatever inflated narrative they like to believe
As you can guess the akp supporters normalised it somehow
Ideally we should all use debit card like stuff but it should be much more transparent
or with friends, you can use daily dialect with shortcuts the words, etc
But Turkish people pay for all of this.
Pennala IT
I am Erdogan, AMA
Touch your belly and neck
Seriously, any second name that could come to mind would be far below his level
And when it comes to Christianty, we saw how Chatolics sacked the İstanbul
As I heard, while listening Azerbaijanis understand Turkish easier than we understand Azerbaijani
> earning money
Cyprus is in europe
Huns
Germany wanted us to enter the war on their side and even promised us land but fortunately we refused it
Genetics don't make culture if you weren't aware.
Istanbul will end up like Tokyo in few decades.
There are some private colleges but they also give you scholarships if you are succesful enough
Kindest person in Greece:
If that means you put semen in his coffee he's going to tell on you to Mutti, you guys
Writing and sound form of a word is same
You cannot use Uber, they pulled out of the Turkish market
Enver Pasha going sicko mode and attacking Russia because he wanted to build a great Turkic empire with Central Asia
our current president, i don't want to use his name to not get on some sort of watchlist or anything by algorithm
They like to blast their distinctive music from their old ass cars
Yeah lying is bad
You look outside your window and 10 meters in front of you is another apartment.
Just today, a young student made it to the internet news for getting fired due to his tattoos
At least some people are starting to realize that this guy is using their religion to fuck up the country
I don't see Turkey as continuation of Ottoman Empire, rather a country that gained independence from it like all the others (you could say the Bulgarians or the Arabs also got Ottoman education and background
Noo this man handed government to the conservatives
>Islamic states do treat women less, stop pretending they're not
It is written in 1921 during the Greco-Turkish War
The average voter will see news like this and support Erdoğan even more.
You are right
That moustache can change a lot
Im just sceptical about them being done under the name genocide.
Definitely go there with a guide (audioguide works amazingly well, Rick Steves has a free one) so that you actually know what you’re looking at
Do they have burn centers in Serbia?
I personally don't like mussels.
[got it
It's definetely not like SA or anything, but it is like one of the worst among 1st world countries
No matter your ethnicity, religion or language
She lost all her jobs
They only block them in cases of disasters like terrorist attacks to and what not for a day now.
Regarding the hala point, we also have annoyingly specific terms for family, like baldız(sister-in-law), bacanak(the husband of one's wife's sister) or görümce(the sister of one's husband) or elti(the wife of one's husband's brother)
I dunno, Armenia warned about this specifically yesterday, and now they claim this with no further proof
their target audience is okay with this assuming they get 40-50 percent of the total votes for more than 10 years.
Around half of the country I would say.
Edit: I don't count people who don't have anything to do with christianity but call themselves Christian as "christian"
" or I just say the question that they asked in Turkish
(+Galatasaray University but the language of education is French) Istanbul University (with 2 different campuses) and Hacettepe are the best in Medicine, while Boğaziçi University is the best in positive and social science degrees
the exact same case happened in turkey several times and one of the videos got popular so she got fined as far as i remember.
I just get so sweaty and lumpy
I’ve lived couple of months in Szczecin, Poland in 2017/2018
the only reason why there is no 'turkish genocide' is that we could hold on in anatolia.
In 1973 Us sanctioned Turkey and increased santions after operation Attila(Invasion of Cyprus).Ecevit lost support but people's opions about America changed a lot(now nearly every group from sharia supporters to Kemalist thinks negative about Usa).Menderes's goverment stopped supporting local millitary products and bought them from Usa in 50s but with sanctions Turkey was forced to devolop her own arms industry and tried to replace Us products with local ones(now we can produce tanks,apcs,drones,training planes and we are planning to produce a fighterjet).In short term it is effective but in long term it won't benefit Eu.
"The risk" is significantly lower in modern reactors than the older ones, which already had low risks to begin with
Thanks
That is why i didnt count them
PKK, Gülen, some opposition, some media and some businessmen are used by the west to keep Turkey weak.
Yes they are
Treat it as you treat other murders.
Turkey has been suffering from terrorism for decades and when we stop fighting them, they get stronger and explode themselves in our city centers, killing civilians
2008 is the year this provision came into force.
i think the problem is economical rather than good food
I know but Does it mean Turkey is killing Kurds and Christians?He probably has 0 knowledge but acts like an expert.He doesn't have to like Turkey but claims like that are just funny.
* it is a really individualistic society and to be honest people are not really social
don't just leave bit of leftovers just for easing your mind
This is pathetic
Each letter has one pronunciation and one pronunciation only
When Mehmet II conquered Constantinople, he entitled himself as "Kaiser-i Rûm (Cesar of Rome)". Also he setted up an Italian campaign to conquer Rome but he lived only enough to see the capture of Otranto Castle
and where are you from good sir?
He has a fake business administration degree
Turkey's policy is to allow visa free travel from countries that don't ask for a visa from Turkish citizens
What do you mean by “talking normally”?
>All I remember is that turkey was fighting the Kurds who were fighting Assad and Isis
However, the government says things like "We're very powerful", "Our economy is great
There are some tunnels that just a few locals know about
Kurd good
Referendum is for future of both
Seems fishy to me
my family decided to let me go to the UK all alone for a language school in summer
But the Dutch literally built their country
Well I don't think that makes any sense, considering that you guys were just a backwater province while Turkey/Greece was literally the capital of the empire for a thousand years, or more if you count the Ottomans.
Below 15 is cold, I’ll wear a thicker jacket and maybe scarf
it's more like rejection psychology.
We should stop looking like cool guy which doesn’t(edit: i meant doesn’t but wrote does) speaks much kind of foreign policy
We aren’t sexist like y’all
>archeology museum
That is true, Turkish people have a hard time pronouncing foreign words
for all you confused people out there, islamists and muslims arent the same people
Yeah but when the same person wants to fund corono aid through donations there is no point
whats first cyprus flag
My uncle is living in the US and had his daughter (who is 1 year older than me) there
And the funny thing is, the word Kırıkkale means "Broken Castle". And even It's mayor said It's a "meh" city
In Turkey, Izmir or Istanbul
Lahmacun, çiğköfte and içli köfte with a side of şalgam (spicy fermented black carrot juice) always makes me happy
Laz architect accent was a genius idea
So konya i guess
Many of the girls who wear hijab can’t even tell their family to they will meet with a boy
You guys are just taking the moral high ground just because they are from Turkey.
Do you really think not letting refugees come to Europe (without a some kind of refugee deal with a country) won't create problems?
No need to waste time on words too much, it's a symbolic apology.
In my honest opinion, it's a shame we don't have better relations with our neighbor
/u/420shibe's post history is hilarious, it's like he took some drug that lasts for years.
And Iran maybe
Yazdım gitti tamam boşver
Thats impossible
Head
especially in a high power distance culture.
So its a problem
It's not exactly a secret what is happening, who is doing it and where they are doing it.
Now kith
Refugee harbor country next door
Where you from
Most of us will stay no matter what happens it is our country too.
My guess would be around 5% goes topless in private beaches owned by hotels
One of my friends work in a industrial area and he always tells me how dogs there attack cars and rip their parts of
One day while I was shopping at a store the owner and I got into a conversation and I told him I am from Turkey
Polish Village in Turkey - Adampol [Kult America]
Because it was added to French-Syria after the world war and then given to Turkey again in 1939
I have no proof, nobody does negotiations are closed.
Year 3020, Turkey is still on the negotiation table to join EU
The Persian part was again difficult, because there are no precise Datas
Man this would be a shitstorm of epic proportions if it happened.
It is more like "I wish this dish brings you joy and health
It is hurting their relations with the Turkish Cypriots though.
It's not even important who is richer than who, all of that is  irrelevant lmfao
Ours was in bio class and everyone was naturally together
Whenever there is a thread about Turkey he starts to talk like he knows shit, get proven wrong by people that know what they are talking about, and then immediately does the same shit in another thread.
"(with a perfect Istanbul accent)
Ironically, these people are graduated from law school and gonna bring justice to this country
Devlet Bahçeli (there's two but I remember only one): 2009
if turkey doesn't have deserts and it snows eveywhere, how can i ride camel with my four wives (who wear headscarf) right now?
Maybe due to a fresh influx of "europeans" from T_D?
couldn’t find the english translation but yeah
There is no such thing as fellow Christians when it comes to politics of nations
" -Süleyman Demirel
Yes they can
I personally don't like it since it's a sad attempt for people to show off in most cases and I'm not a billboard but people wear clothing with logos in Turkey
i think its nice
I agree that Turkey should recognise Kurdish as a minority language already and let Kurdish education happen alongside Turkish ones in southeast, as well as acknowledge the genocidal intent by Three Pashas but I feel like we have much more to fix before we'll reach that type of dialogue as our main problems.
No idea why
Wait no more
Modern day Turkey founded after the Greco-Turkish war, which was a defensive war by Turks against mainland Greeks
TIL we actually have one of those sites and it is called [Box Office Türkiye] means audience hasılat means box office).
You have more chance of getting attacked by a stray dog than either of those animals
I really can not understand American neo-nazis
1 arşın² = 0,57417 m²
By that way, we cant meet with the Libyan zone
If you compare with yourself no doubt we are wittier.
Iran/Persia (we had same ambitions for middle east)
Well, that was not the question but this is really cool
I'm 23 studying in the same city w/ parents and i'm on my last year of education and there is no sight of me moving out in near future
Hosting millions of refugees so they don't ruin your precious countries
The last Russian victory was in 1826 and while it was a defeat for the Ottomans, it was nowhere near as cataclysmic as the poster implies.
Also I thought UK was supporting the coup when the shit was going down
He asked "who will erdoğan blame for this?
If everyone would be convinced by overwhelming video and photographic evidence together with victim and eyewitness testimonies we wouldn't have Holocaust deniers either but here we are...
for making economic sanctions against Turkey
Food prices overall have been rising since 90s, and while it had small declines, it's still considerably higher than before, despite increased yields, according to FAO.
i mean peacekeeping is really the sugarcoated version of being partners in a war
France
" or " I didnt know women were allowed to not wear hijabs
Austria ,Hungary or germany .they has beautifull roads
The health system in Turkey is on top 3 in Europe
I really don’t get the appeal of it
TV Sells were popular in 2000’s, later they moved to least popular channel which usually elders watches then it became a meme lastly they moved to Instagram with their scams
"Seriously undermine his efforts to actually govern the country", yes
you should theoretically get 125 megabytes/second
Background Information: This picture was taken at the 10th anniversary of the Republic by Hüsnü Kazım Önder
It was proposed by 6 members of AKP.
I love the history
Understanding this is harder than understanding Azerbaijani but still not that difficult
(Unless it's a small city and it's only gonna take 5 mins, then it's pointless to sit)
Not sure about that one though, need confirmation
This is exactly what happens with Turkish citizens living abroad.
[*](reddit
British humour is so good at sarcasm and dark humour, I lived there for a couple of years and people don't really get sarcasm here
But i agree, i also use English for every game except Mount&Blade
I have seen cases where people have two first names and I’m pretty sure it’s legal but it’s usually happens when the mother and father can’t decide a name
Government propoganda, TRT
Just wow
You probably wont take me seriously for being a turk but I have to say the Pkk really isnt the feminist utopia you think it is.
Majority of leftists in Turkey said many times that Erdoğan was an Islamist and his liberal and democratic appearance was a façade, however majority of Europe and European media paid no mind and continued to blow Erdoğan.
2 hour drive to any wonderful holiday spot
I can see why the right applauds this decision, because anything against muslims goes in their eyes.
Oh thanks a lot for the explanation really
He said 'The Turks don't want to confirm the genocide, because they don't want to accept that their ancestors could have done such a horrible thing'. I agree with him also
Finally some restaurant might have different sauce which can be ordered with pizza
Regarding the hala point, we also have annoyingly specific terms for family, like baldız(sister-in-law), bacanak(the husband of one's wife's sister) or görümce(the sister of one's husband) or elti(the wife of one's husband's brother)
EDIT: Whattttttttttt
I only understand 50-60 percent of it
Kağan is a name given by more educated families, as it is the correct form of the name
Now downvote me mothafuckas
In fact if Atatürk trusted Islamists less and been harder on them we wouldn't be having most of the troubles we do now.
around germany
We haven't been a world superpower for over a hundred years, we also aren't one today
Half of Lebanon is Christian and the country itself has the highest HDI and GDP per capita in the Arab World bar Super-rich Gulf states.
Im not saying its ok to bitch slap them if they are minority but if you treat them equal in your country why would you treat them badly outside the borders
For us, it was obvious a few hours after the attempt.
So can we say that the generals are the huge egos of armies literally
It really backfired bad in his side
My point is not about encouraging nor they can’t be taught
I have been to both of them and I thought they were super enjoyable and well preserved
It is because suicide is a grave sin in islam.
You don't castrate your husbad when he rubs his morning erection on you.
I would always buy them whenever I visited that supermarket
Thanks for your input
It is true that he is losing power (his party started splitting up as well), but he is a skilled populist and is currently trying to collect support using nationalistic rhetoric and acts
Its affect lasted for years
We have yandex, it's russian but very well localized and quite good
Because they are german citizens?
Düşmek (Düşmək in Az
With that info, as well as her face, its not hard to identify her at all
probably even more as CHP had more than 28% in the election.
Rakı for sure(no, rakija is another thing)
There is not most hated but we can give a list
Glory To The Red Army
After the war he also formed warm relations with our old enemies UK, France and even got into a security pact with Greece despite being enemies 15 years earlier.
For example, we are not Mongols and we are not Arabs too
- Selim I
It doesn't change the fact that this is commonly referred to as an apology between leaders.
[Morning in Balat]
I can understand Azerbaijani without a problem I can understand Crimean Tatar and Gagauz
I laugh at Britain in their pathetic attempts at out-Erdoğaning us
Most succesful soldier of the WW1, Mustafa Kemal started a war of independance in 1919
Germany's stance was also mentioned in book.
After he is gone and we are not actively being hated by half of the world we can sell that military stuff you know
Well, Turkish ancestors who used to live in the geographic area of where Turks live now, did invent them
After every syllable a -gi -ge -ga -gu -gü is added like “sana söylüyorum”—> “saganaga sögülügüyogorugum” (I am telling you)
lol
Well , Turkey is not getting along with too many countries and France is not the one with worst relations
You just say "Germany" or"Greece". So why should we make an exception for Czechia
Und ich lerne Deutsch im die Schule
Also their seas aren’t harsh like what I’m used to in Black Sea
Yes they do actually recent studies show that the largest group of Turks wants Turkey to gey closer to Europe and wants it to be part of it.
Difference is you're not cutting whatever translates to the animals wrists.
K m8(when you say something stupid but it is 21st century and people are going to translate it to English).
Please tell me how does this help our "Holy peacekeeping mission"?
As summary, I guess Turkey wants them to stay until an agreement done is for leverage
I am by no means a Turkish extremism but there wasn't any Ankara government during the Armenian Genocide.
The issue I take with Arabs is lack of integration or desire to learn the local language, an average Arab in Turkey only hangs out with other Arabs, doesn't know Turkish much, only shops at Arabic shops and buys his meat at Arab butchers, goes to Arabic barbers and Arabic restaurants, etc, which results in neighborhoods and cities with big migrant Arab populations slowly transforming into full-blown Arab territories with women in burkas and men with bushy beards, long white dresses and sandals all over the place, Arabic shop signs and ads on every corner, people speaking Arabic everywhere
*There shan't be any happiness in this world without unity*
Our head of state could use cooling off a little bit
They didn't even have an embassy here until 1998
People do eat a shitton of seafood though.
The only disappointment was that we hiked for 4-5 hours from lysebotn to kieragbolten (and back), under rain and wind, only to not be able to find the rock :) we circled for 30mins around the top, probably within 20m of it, and then gave up, weather getting even worse, and returned
During the Irish famine, for some unknown reason Ottoman sultan abdulmecid decides to help by sending 10000 pounds
Why is there a Chinese 爱 character there
"We are now at a point where words end in the fight against terrorism
A vast majority of responders will **never** or **probably never** accept Turkey in the EU **even with reforms**.
\+ Just make more land
[Duman - Her Şeyi Yak]
” for some reason
But on a serious note, I think it is there is nothing wrong with Netherlands-tulip thing, Turkey might be where it is originated but the country that has absolutely stunning tulip fields and farms is also the Netherlands, in Turkey a few small tulip mosaics is the max you can find
Istanbul Lisesi was established in 1884 and is one of the oldest and most traditional schools in Turkey.
Woman who asked it already under investigation
My friend,keep in mind ,greece had a sizeable turkish minority,that also had to leave their homes
Don't try too hard
Caused huge migrations from all over the old Ottoman Empire?
Welcome when all of this is over
Embracing the kebab i see my good serbs
The ones in Syria and rest of the TAF are not shity or bad.They are trying to avoid combat.Most of the assaults are done by poorly trained FSA militants which capture points but can't hold them without building defences.
İstanbul voted secular on latest election on 2019
Poor souls
Without arguments anything you say is radical
Turks originate from middle east
It’s national anthem is the march if independence
Whereas in European cars the ability to navigate the tight, narrow and winding roads that were mostly built before cars is preferred and European cars reflect this
I've been coming to Beşiktaş for so little time yet its chaotic environment makes me want to lay down and cry
Very commonly used for land
People say it’s islamist extremists but did they officially say that
He berates Erdoğan, as a person, because frankly, Erdoğan deserves to be berated
Fake news
They didn't even have an embassy here until 1998
I wish our July was like this too
I was under the impression that the citizenship means that you're not a foreigner no more.
this might be exclusive to denmark as it is really hard to speak
First thing that came to my mind was Ao Shinrikyo.
In fact, the general who orchestrated the 1980 coup was prosecuted under Erdogan's government
Are those 1lt bottles or 330cl
Why half of Anatolia is desert
One of the electors would be given the task to vote for the president and not to vote for its running mate
I hate my government
It might not be a great ally but it'd be a dangerous enemy as a Russian ally.
Early years of the republic probably
That's not about immigration, that's about Istanbul's infrastructure.
uzbek %65
WHole forests sunk into the ocean last time it happened....
His feels like a permanent loss of the old times that only exist in documentaries and wikipedia now.
Ah so you are like the Romanians, who like to brag that they were never really a part of the empire, just a vassal state, which is not exactly the reality.
And europeans sometimes dare to use the word “brainwashed by propoganda” when I am arguing
And embezzling EU funds should be really difficult I'd imagine
They are since there are so many of them they are very hungry and they attack everything they see
We took them as refugees from iberia in 1450's. But yeah Assyrians, Kurds and the other tiny things
At least a few on the Syrian and Iraqi borders
I just want to kick them in the balls when they're not looking and immediately run away (since they fire tear gas canisters to your head and the courts let them get away with it).
Better ask the North Europeans, they all went there
Thats why I needed to write something at the comments
From *Europe: A History* by Norman Davies:
The father beats him up so bad that he dies sometime later
Turkey is there to protect an independent state from Turkey for its interests
Suleiman the Magnificent
How is this related to Europe
I feel like a European right now :')
Fanservice always sells.I'm still waiting for Berserk 2017 and Evangelion 4.0.
Being Kurdish doesn't always make you anti-Turkey.
Oldest company in Turkey is a public bath
Don't expect anything better from those sick bastards
Are you denying that Bahceli is a very respected man in Turkey?
Oppressing Kurds, can you extent that topic so I can answer it better
The war was actually against the countries involved in [the treaty of Serves]
Are we strong captain
>hope for peace
We have it
That being said, what would be the point?
Some lazy people like me writes i instead of ı in mobile keyboards and it sometimes creates unwanted situations
Or there is 3rd May 1944 when pro-nazi authors and politicians were put on trial
What a terrible way to represent Turkey with a long gone empire
It's no Mediterreanean cuisine but it's not English either.
How will people rationalize their problems when everything that plagued 2020 wont go away at the stroke of midnight
Erdoğan is fond of it too and it works exactly the same way you said
Most kurds don’t support PKK however they want some sorts of autonomy
«Бога нет.»
It may be because of Norway is a place that mostly upper-class Turks go, opposed to Germany and Netherlands.
A Turkish folk with more Mediterranean touch would be an excellent fit for İstanbul
japanese doesnt have R or L sounds
Ah yes, grandparents, truly the epitome of fair, unbiased history!
Man, Merkel's head is so much bigger than Macron's
Venizelos didn't nominate Atatürk for the Nobel Prize for nothing
Turkish, Azerbaijani and Turkmen are from the Oghuz branch of the Turkic language family so communicating is a bit easier than Kazakh
I want everyone to make five pineapple pizzas!
] I like how you just forget the best part before Turkey sent the army where Greece did coup in Cyprus to make Cyprus join to Greece and before Greeks already removed [rights] which was given to Turks by protecting minorities
Interesting.We also have very similar structures in Turkey(in [Cappadocia] also belive fairies lived in those places and called them "Peri Bacaları"(Peri means fairy in Turkish).
We dont use them here
I never implied anything you are railing against "decade he was born in" etc so idk why you're arguing with me.
Name one Turkish wolf
Now you might think does anyone take them seriously
Also, their europanized lisance plates looks horrible
Wtf when was killing terrorists become ethnic cleansing
I will not insult a whole nation like that".
They are less likely to turn to violence than their Arab counterparts, but they are far more hypocritical.
94 years ago on 17 th of November Mehmed VI was expelled from Istanbul
Plus, just because a topic is about Armenia doesn't mean we have to bring up "genocide" all the time.
Yes, the occupying Armenian army is losing ground and Turkey and Israel are supporting Azerbaijan to let them do so
Even though most of it live in big cities, it’s hard to find untouched areas in Turkey
Pleasant in Istanbul :)
Even Syria uses +2
I could tell you something about a lot of Bulgarians living here in Germany.
Thank you Tulip Brother/Sisterhood
We worship to our state
I am not blaiming you but sometimes some news sites try to show it like "Turks are preaparing to invade us!!1!!1!1!!11!"
Sorry I often confuse the EU with Nato
There was a video of an AKP supporter who said "If I see Erdoğan and my mother on the same bed, the blame would be on my mother" so it's not like we are that far off from that anyway
Really?Wtf?Translations are not true(I am not saying they aren't accurate.I am saying they are just lies that had nothing to do with what he says).He is just wrote some fake things and than published it on YouTube (It isn't their first time.They do this shit a lot).
The public doesn't support Turkey being in Syria, the public doesn't support his constitutional change, as of now.
Also stop pretending to be secular please.
Population exchange is unique in some ways but it certainly didn't start the relationship.
They were absolutely incredible
all make it sound like the country is for Turks only
i think, it is the best
I see foxes sometimes at night time, just passing through
You know that they put crap ton of fake YES votes then goverment made them legalright
Anyway my English is bad, but I hope you got it
You are right I guess, we are pretty messy when we have picnic outdoors.
The reason is, during Ottoman period, French was used a lot
We also had that law
Happy St Patrick's Day, nevertheless.
It includes tons of war
Also Why do europe tolerate people from these countries?
This is how we lost our scientist and this is why Erdogan called our scientist to return Turkey
Its all "conspiracy theories" if you want to call it that but in my opinion all this works out favorably for the russians
They can not hear us, there is not enough oxygen to sound travel through:/
Don't think so
Allahın unuttuğu yer
What about the villagers who burnt dollars to protest US?
Kemal Atatürk rebelled against the Ottoman Empire in '19 to start the Anatolian resistance against invading powers
until we get hungry then women prepare the meal, youths carries it to bakery to be cooked in stone oven
A westerner is same same a French
What a time to be alive, amirite
Yes kind of
“Çomar”s they are old fashioned people, they don’t question, trust without any condition in politics(like you did something good for them, they will turn their asses for you to fuck”, they usually vote for Erdogan, doesn’t like progress, likes licking asses of people, if it is islam related, it is true then, they like to follow fake news and happy with their minimum wage which right about under 400€ like they can spend 100€ per month and save 300€ while poverty line of Turkey is 1100€ and starvation line is around 350€. I am amused that how they can survive with this excellent intelligent in Turkey’s wildlife and their life style should be documentary voice by National Geographic guy that makes voice over on animal documentaries
DONER KEBAB
Do cargo companies or food delivery work
Solution cant be kicking the nest and expect them to leave
Armenian genocide
Who died, let me tell: MY FRIEND
I mean you'd have to be a special sort of stupid to holiday in turkey with all the anti eu rhetoric being pushed lately.
It's about 40-45% in Turkey, 70% in Netherlands, 60% in Germany, 60% in France (except UK, they only took skilled immigrants from Turkey so AKP vote's more about 20% for them).
Every single one of them are Biden's spies it's so obvious
This is in BBC Turkish
We have war if independence too
The same reason why Mexican immigrants in US remain within their own communities.
I didn't know it was in our self interest to harm our own country ?
We'll join you voluntarily and since Turks will then be a majority in Greece we'll annex you.
Answering the opposite would be easier to me
a minor drawback
"Hazır ol ya da olma, işte geldim
But as I stated above, if a german chef (or a non-german chef in Germany who identifies as german) founded a new type of kebab there wouldn't be anything wrong with calling it german
It's literally cheaper for me to take a bus from Istanbul to Salonica, eat a great dinner with Ouzo and return the same night than the same quality Rakı dinner in Bosphorus, even with the 4 eu exchange rate.
Background info: Prostitution is legal and regulated in Turkey
Just curious though, why would you say he's a lunatic?
Yikes
And I was shocked when I heard you have "İşkembe Çorbası" and you call it "шкембе чорба" too
18 adada Yunanistan Bayrağı dalgalanıyor.
When DuckDuck becomes the favored whipping boy another one will replace it for a while
Politics usually ends up with bashing the history, facts and heat arguments ends nowhere
Germany : *_i'm safe_*
LoL Smyrna
Oh my God, I don't know whether to laugh or cry at this situation right now.
I hate my government
If it’s peaceful not much would happen
If we worked together I’d definitely offer you tea/Turkish coffee and talk about daily things, hobbies, even little personal life details after some time
) Etymologically kebab comes from Akkadian or Aramaic language (word origin is disputed) and means something like "meat that been cooked on fire". Of course, its modern usage is different but this should give you an idea of how wide the term is
I have been taught British English but Internet and Media is heavy influence by American English so that creates problem for my vocabulary
It could have been something great but those fuckers singlehandly pulled us to WW1 and fucked everything.
I'm not saying no one likes Greece, we just have more important problems such as economy, terrorism and lack of education
Yeah, that's just fastfood, you can get that anywhere they have a domino's.
Some parts of the world still use other lingua francas where English could not make the effect it made in other parts
1 in 5 is absurd
He was arrested for being member of [Gülen movement]ülen_movement) on November 3rd, 2016.
Tbh we dont ride camels
My balkan side family were almost all farmers or farmer descendants.
Russia and Turkey googling each other
Please let's not hate each other because of political reasons.
people who eat menemen without onion are psychopaths and should be hanged till death
I would choose to live in Ankara rather than trying to find my way through Şişli one more time without hesitation
Riots in France really excite me
For now, at least
62mm bullet in the head) is famous in the Middle East and parts of the Balkans
And the EU's every FTA signed with the third parties are bad news for Turkey, as the trade diversion is being multiplied.
That Turkish dub was awesome
But those were mostly between different fractions of power and never had an autocracy like this or long years of power like this from a politically Islamist politician
We're the sameee
I'll have another location thank you very much, although the climate isn't bad
it depends on your accent
I absolutely refuse to believe that
B: 20%
all you do is crippling an economy leading daily life folk to suffer more while the head of the state is gaining more bullets for his "look they are all against us, give me more power so i can protect you" rhetoric
Mouth and ears
I love driving
kind of click-ish sound is also existent here
Why are all muslims regarded as Turks in this map?
The school released a statement in their [website]
Also its people supported the Independence War which allowed Atatürk and his friends to open a senate and organise elections
It could be me , it could be you , it could be us..
%50-60 of Turkish ppl care about Palestinians idk why
The last we heard about most HDP MP's and officials is messages on twitter accounts such as demirtas' "the police is at my door to take me away" then nobody saw them alive since
Erdoğan doesn't have that much support and half of his voters votes for him because of economy.
But if it continues after saying no, ain't it harrasment
Thank you
In some cartoons, The Hulk is translated as "Yeşil Dev". And it literally translates to "Green Giant".
You don't boil it after you've combined the water and the tea leaves, you generally keep it at a temperature below 100C or just take it off the fire.
Because Assad and Russia were trying ro get Idlib province and Idlib had 2 millions of population
It only happens in rural towns
There isn't enough green space.
They want to build hotels, because fuck history we need money.
It's German pension funds, Chinese billionaires, Qatari Emirs, etc
Turkey's constitutional court in July annulled part of the criminal code which classified all sexual acts with children under 15 as sexual abuse.
I would really like to see a game about the Spanish Civil War
I truly hope you guys can achieve what we couldn't;
I really love it
This holds true in some regions of Turkey
Graced big mac
Definitely It is Ankara
rest of the cities: utter shite mayors
Probably haggis
People I know took them of when they were around late 20’s as they said it is time to grow up
There are dozens of journalists in prison just for talking shit about erdoğan
Apple usually has a standart price
Eşek arısı (Wasp) = Donkey bee
Traditions have a way of spreading, even when they leave the religious part behind.
(Turkish) Üsküp
>wait til 3'14''
Today most people in Europe don't suffer from poverty, are college educated, travel a lot and also educational system promotes critical thinking while back then it probably pushed nationalistic agendas.
Even if we don’t talk or get along much(government size)
OP really must hate the mods
It's supposed to keep you up to date with the world and your country, journalism as a profession has the strictest interpretation of objectivism.
As geographical and historical you can find a lot to visit
Now it has changed and there're also a lot of brains migrating
[To be a Christian, you need to believe that the Bible is the word of god.]
Small information about Turkish one
We'd be just Iran, but on steroids
They have no idea of life in Turkey, they are delusional and they must be expelled
For example just yesterday I saw a Greek claim that Trojans were Hellenes but to say that all Greeks believe pre-hellenic Anatolian civilisations to be Hellenes would be inaccurate
They knew it was coming.They gave them that power and when they learned about the coup they let it happen(they were alresdy puring Gulenist) and purged them all at once with more support.
it doesnt seem to me cavusoglu is a random internet turkish guy.
You know, the bird
Sounds like a weird sex story
It would be nice to have some global religious figure like pope who can denounce the islamic terrrorism.
It's almost as if he was a secularist.
Oh by the way, there already hundreds of nuclear powerplants, especially in France there are plenty
We call them "noktalı harfler" which means "dotted letters or letters with dots" so "Ü would be dotted U" so we see them as similar letters even tought they sound really different
The old generation says "100 numara" (number 100) for toilets
The person who made this image is most probably (99%) learned to write right-to-left first.
(20 tl was found in his pocket, equal to 2€) There are many more
I was thinking about Brexit and the rise of right wing in Europe but this definitely counts too
How is he getting re-elected after what he has done to country
Thank you
This is what it looks like
Yugoslavia games can just go in any direction
I can comfortably say Istanbul, Istanbul, Istanbul, Istanbul and Istanbul
The questioning part is true though, US is much stricter when actually coming in.
They are not foreigners, they are Bulgarians who happen to work in Turkey.
I bet its actually probably more to do with the Syrian conflict
The funny thing is; countries like US, Canada, Ireland, Finland etc.
Some pathetic losers are trying to frame it on Turks, because civilians in Austrian streets spoke Turkish in a clip
The left wing didn't vote that much because they thought it wasn't a real choice.
Laz architect accent was a genius idea
Kuzey Kıbrıs Türk Cumhuriyeti = Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
Tasty food btw
Can we cook
People cant even buy meat, resulting in carbonhydrate overconsumption
Suleimani was the most powerful military figure in Iran and declared as a war hero by the Islamists in 90s. Now they are talking about a retaliation(s) against this act
Edit: I guess it would be “-mtırak” translates to specify a colour similar to what colour has added on
Each year our deadlines get shorter and shorter
This time it Turkey should do nothing
A big left-wing Turkish newspaper tried to print their Muhammed cartoons in solidarity with French but they were raided by police
At least you guys stand up
Wait
All of our unsuccesfull students go to your country to study medicine for instance lol
Balkans are a cursed place
The polls speak for themselves.
about %49 it's not tiny my friend.
Be more like Europe, America
I don't know much about their culture and where their historic land is but it seems as if turkey is trying to prevent them breaking off Turkish territory
It was called Konstantiniyye for a long time (a couple of centuries after its conquest) officially but Istanbul/Stamboul was already used by Turks, Arabs, Armenians etc even before then.
I’m not a fan of crescent and star because of its religious meaning
apparently he 'resisted' to the officers so he accidently (i assume :P) took some hits while getting arrested.
south-eastern Kurdish separatism is already a thing,
To be fair though, even my car driving style fits in perfectly in Istanbul, so I guess I've been ready for driving/biking in the city my whole life :P Now that I live there its just perfect for me
Huh, this backfired on Erdogan.
It is pretty normal to small talk to nearly everyone
In turkish Sweden is "İsveç" and Switzerland is "İsviçre". I believe most people in Turkey are just like you
Why not request it aswell
How are they like
Rest in peace my buddy
The oldest man built structure "Göbeklitepe" is situated in Turkey, Şanlıurfa, dating back 12 thousand years ago
EU and USA getting most benefit from oil through Middle East, i don't think Russia would ever allow this if they would have reached south.
The only people I've encountered are nationalists and as soon as the conversation gets political they're either supporting the police, standing against gender equality, swearing at an ethnicity or denying a genocide
Just go to r/worldnews and read about anything concerning Turks.
I would go again though, without a doubt.
The song is actually pretty great
They even rose to high governmental positions like Governor of Syria
It's in English and on the Internet.
My parents are academics, and I have a Turkish name, and I am grateful for it
You're railing against generalization while employing it extensively yourself.
AFAIK It's because of a scandal in CSU and a leadership battle in SDP
i would like to taste that diarrhea explosion place called the _taco bell_
Swim - Face - Hundred - Shear, all of them is "yüz" in Turkish
There is no need to make a blanket statement, when instead you can focus on the problem.
Why use stupid fake words (customised from their origins to try to fit the Turkish language) when you can use the proper ones in your own language
*Certified by this post*
The protesters are just a leveraging tool to the police
Change the lyrics and this could easily be a North-eastern Anatolian song.
Its Florida of turkey basically
O_o
why would puberty make them suffer?
such is life
I think that he is the only example of something happening to someone in a foreign country that has nothing to do with me that provokes genuine emotion
Ottomas had (what I call it) a dual language system, one for is nobility and state business and one for regular people
> by killing Kurds and Armenians
Sadly I don't know a third language so I need a univeristy that teaches in English.
isnt sunjonktif passé also not used in daily conversation
The fact that we won't be able to join the EU in the near future
Not suprised at all
) (Şeref is a male name btw)
Poppi FI
We already have a ton of ultra-conservative bigots that elected Erdogan in the first place.
You shoot to the air to say hi/im here and the other person shoots back to confirm that he/she heard the gunshot
Nothing to do with race or religion.
In Turkey Noel Baba doesn't only brings gifts to the Christian minority actually.
suck it europe
I see no genocide other than people saying genocide, either provide a solid proof or shut up
I really want to do this too
Hairy white people that live in the west parts of Turkey who like to eat yoghurt, yaprak sarma, baklava, döner etc.
Don't expect a boom in technology sector in Turkey anytime soon but you can probably expect random Turkish scientists in other countries due to them leaving Turkey.
Although I prefer the European side (212 over 216), Asian side is cleaner and greener in comparison
peygamberdevesi
" So it is neither about language nor nationality but still interesting imo
Turkey is a special case
i nearly shed a tear after reading her tweets.
Short answer: yes, but we know there's nothing we can do about it.
Majority of my whole floor was Turkish, I figured it out 2 weeks later when they spoke Turkish in the kitchen
As for the European part, it certainly is in Balkans
Jews are far less in number across all forementioned lands as well
Biggest example is Mehmet the second
Since 1984, PKK targeted 40,000 people in Turkey, without differencing if they are military personal or civilian
This is not first time that Turkey has taken refugees
Same
There 1000's of article that criticize Islam
(applause)
My mother, who's from the northeastern Black Sea, normally speaks in the İstanbul accent but the moment she meets a person from her region she switches to the local accent
Like it is his last hope
There already has been an AC game set in the Ottoman Empire, but if I had to choose another time period, I'd say Istanbul during WW2
And Ottoman bureacratic system was pretty impressive for it's time, since it managed to get rid of hereditary land-owning nobles, one of the biggest administrative problem of Europe.
or rather it was until recently since it got rigged
Then Kemalist military coup happened in 1960 and everything started to get out of control with the Soviet pressure and influence at the same time
Going to be funnn boiz
We all come from the same place
Ever since Trump, its every fucking thing
I would say kelime would be word and söz would be speech.
Ionians
Yeah
This basically sums up my whole life of commenting on articles about Turkey on the Anglosphere internet
Doesn't Armenia and Azerbaijan have much more pressing problems than playing risk over this piece of land?
You want it to be not a western country, fine, you can work towards that, it is a democracy after all
Friendly stray cats and dogs all over the place
We had this conversation yesterday with a friend.
It doesn’t even trigger anynone, it’s just annoying
But your assumption has two major flaws:
Of course i am not talking about every single person in Turkey but they are a  large majority, simply the same people who voted for Erdoğan for years
Back when a [sack] of pounds made you the richest man in the fief
Footage of Istanbul recorded in 1950's.
It's only common with most Erdogan supporters (who make up less than half the country)
lmao
“Çomar”s they are old fashioned people, they don’t question, trust without any condition in politics(like you did something good for them, they will turn their asses for you to fuck”, they usually vote for Erdogan, doesn’t like progress, likes licking asses of people, if it is islam related, it is true then, they like to follow fake news and happy with their minimum wage which right about under 400€ like they can spend 100€ per month and save 300€ while poverty line of Turkey is 1100€ and starvation line is around 350€. I am amused that how they can survive with this excellent intelligent in Turkey’s wildlife and their life style should be documentary voice by National Geographic guy that makes voice over on animal documentaries
The completely destroyed army of Turkey?
6 every election
Looks miserable
Well it seems there isn't, and that's exactly the issue
DAE Thanksgiving
And even if they do Erdogan himself can't pass it with his coalition alone(by himself he can do a referendum in it) so it's unlikely to happen to say the least
just posted a few minutes ago :)
I never said the PKK acts in a justifiable way, they absolutely don't and Kurds have blood on their hands too.
It was used to be 12 months but now it's 6 months and where you're stationed is completely random
Also I thought UK was supporting the coup when the shit was going down
4 = dört
Have literally no idea about the native language equivalents of the terms I use on a daily basis since I have always learned/taught/been taught/written about them in English
It’s not an absolute verdict I don’t know how to live like in these cities
The war practically barely touched the Ottoman Empire
SHOTS FIRED
I guess it's a pretty common syllable.
Poles in UK commit crimes in the name of Pope.
In Turkish, "O" means he/she/it, same goes for Hungarian too I suppose
Also called Uncle Tom Syndrome.
Technically it has only two tenses, all others are derivatives of either the present or the past tense.
In polls it showed Hungary's support in the 50s-60s, is this because of them both being Mongol originated or what?
If you want to show respect to Jewish culture, Yom Kippur and Rosh Hashanah are the high holidays.
Top-to-bottom bigotry and isolation will only perpetuate the problem and make more Erdoğan supporters out of the moderate people
I swear if MHP votes yes I'm seriously leaving this country.
all of them
Imagine person who worked for around 1,500€ 3 years ago won 500,000€ bid to use as commercial of 2 most iconic and historic building in Istanbul
Just Ottoman Empire
Is that Mississippi with 11
unfortunately most turk people only know my good boy vlad the impaler and nothing else about romania
Usually First 3 is the most popular as pizza sauce but hot sauce is the most popular in my city
Nobody loves the city but I do
Uhh
Back when a [sack] of pounds made you the richest man in the fief
Who are 'we'? As in the general population of this subreddit
sorry about the cringe video, i clicked to the first link after searching how to pronounce tesekkur ederim.
Based
After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well.
A local bistro owned by family friends
You have probably got baited by twitter
But there was still an Armenian community left in Karabakh/Artsakh, Ganja, Semaxka, as well as in Absheron
Adana, south eastern turkey, mostly populated by immigrants
Say no to Snowballs
You're a fucking angry little fucking spastic.
Kahramanmaraş=Heroic Maraş
Do you want me to provide you with a list of terrorist attacks that has happened in 2016 in Turkey?
Thank you for the suggestion:)
Nor do they appreciate dark humour
We LOVE sitting
He was also the grandfather of maybe the most influential Modern Turkish Poet, Nazim Hikmet.
Ammo makes a better currency imo.
They even have hot dog in Turkish Stores
Would be superior
In Europe, I believe cats are slightly more popular
Aha, you mean that the EU is ultra-liberal?
Kemalism is smoothened
It pretty much achieved what Esperanto couldn't so I like it
Here's a depressing [photo] of it
I hope the situation gets better but what were they doing with minks
Arabs don't really hold Erdoğan as leader of muslims
I haven't a non-native friend but in TV shows there are many foreign person and they really can speak fluent turkish but still you can probably understand that he/she is foreigner
But of course, affiliated lawyers who also **coincidentally** uses "similar governing structures, colors, symbols, ideas" will be ready defend them against *fascists*.
"We don't tell our intellectuals to stop thinking
What you meant
There mustn't be allowance for dual citizenship for Turks IMO
Does it matter
Poland
There is a seperate 'Ottoman' culture that pervaded from the palace, through the governors and the kadıs to the public (I'm talking about sayings, food, arts, entertainment etc
Ethnic cleansing
But first they needed to make sure it's at a safe place
Not everyone might like it
Kenan Evren, our Military Dictator in the 80s, had a similar look as well
People living in eastern & central Europe literally talk about camping at work to avoid the effects of heatwave or complain about not being productive
It’s steppe
AC is working, so it will be around 23 after a few minutes
Thanks, i was confused about the numbers
In Turkey, 8 euros will get you around 8 mbps download and 0
The last major war was in 1639 and the border is pretty much the same since then
-] This image I believe states current Turkey
No one in my family has ever set foot in a mosque for decades, they are secular and okay with me being an atheist, but they still believe in God and think that I'll be punished (they don't want this to happen)
Ah yes the great mongol emperor genghis khan a.k.a. the conquerer of china
Afyon: opium
You can't avoid it
Touristic places have big populations of stray dogs, usually pedigree, due to people going on holidays with a new puppy and leaving it there
Kuruş, bitter, vasistas, şnorkel, şalter, zeplin, general, dikta, dekan, element, genetik, otoban, revir
Erdoğan's voters still adore Atatürk lol.
2020 has taught me when the institutions of society fail and our pillars of sand start crumbling people will just blame it all on a number
If you have original Turkish names you are probably from Western Turkey
What is going on here
Ö brotherhood
While our culture does have its flaws, we aren’t like the rest of the Middle East and you should be safe in most areas if you’re careful
Forced to memorise to pass, Skills other than math is taught as unimportant, Richer you are the better education you get, Under qualified teachers, Every lesson is taught random stuff which doesn’t make it to big picture, If you don’t study, education system will kill you basically
We in Yurop
Why is it being radioactive for long is a problem
In the proposed system the president has the right to call for the re-election of the parliament and will appoint majority of the supreme court considering in Turkey party leadership decides who will be their MP's and president can be the head of a political party -not now but new constituion allows this-, the president will have full control of, parliament, judicial system and is the executive head of the country himself, so there will be no separation of powers.
Just those is enough for me to vote for him
They remained commonplace in rural Turkey until the 1940s when finally stamped out by the gendarmerie
It’s hard to imagine
* geldiydi (I know s/he was here, but might have left
This map doesn't convey magnitude, at all
Erdoğan is an authoritarian cunt but he is democratically elected.
the trauma is still alive in turkey.
PKK has a long history of carrying out terrorist attacks in Turkey and is designated as a terrorist organization by all countries of NATO & EU as well as some others, Turks are not okay with having their Syrian branch on Turkish borders
It’s my favourite season but it’s hard to enjoy it when you’re cooked up at home because of pandemic
PKK changed that though, legal HDP politicians were persistent on the "whole Turkey's party" thing but the armed wing wasn't convinced.
France was on the Protestant side despite being Catholic
Honestly this is more cultural than because of islam.
I'm not sure the earlier philosophers of the enlightenment actually set the base of the things that are prevalent in 2017 European society.
> Boobs Village
You overestimate the knowledge of random young adult who has never worried about this before
Normal Turkish folk used to speak like Azeri people speaking now back in the day too
Because after all, even if Erdogan goes away, all the people who followed him won’t.
when you guys outraged by ISIS using suicide bombers and you guys supported your armies bombing ISIS hideouts
Included in the draft curriculum are topics such as “Historical Conscience,” “Healthy Living and Aging,” the “July 15 [failed coup attempt] Democracy Victory,” “21st-Century Skills,” “Kemalism,” “Education of Values,” the “National Education Quality Certificate,” the “Turkey Competencies Framework” and “Living Skills.”
You don’t see many people planning a trip there
If we made a statue of you, we wouldn't have enough concrete for your balls
You get the good shit when you have money
döner, it means "it spins", and well, it spins
There are many, especially in İstanbul
If they won the Mesopotamian front the Turkish border wouldn't be this far north.
They are however complicit and looking the other way.
*Everyone suddenly forgets about every other empire* and just thinks Ottomans were literally the most demonic evil and worst empire in entire human history.
Oh fuck off with trying to make an external enemy so that people will support your dictatorship-making constitution change.
Totally right for "the Republic of Turkey" but about todays "Sultanate of Erdogan" i can't say same
And there are waaaay more iPhones out there now
I don't remember anyone electing them to be our leader.
The government already allocates enough tax money into health care to give everyone ample health care as is
Like, I’m sure I would be having more fun in Dubai or Las Vegas for example but Sintra is a lot more beautiful
100 TL = low/medium quality earphones
What do you mean by "This is the second time sharing this"?
They love taking all the blame when it comes the world wars.
What do you know about Turkish political system, especially HDP and its members, if I may ask
I'm sure they could've found better representatives for Islam than a country that has no official religion.
It was like 18-20  degrees and even colder in the evening
You might think you’re so different than a Dane, or a Pole, or an Italian, but compared to a Japanese, a Maori or a Hmong, it is so painstakingly obvious that we are, in the grand scheme of things, bickering over fairly small differences
The other root of it is that I think foreign investors were done with coalitions and passionately rooted for political stability even if your argument with regards to public opinion changing with election being in 2004 and them seeing economy being fixed during coalition government and switching to supporting them is valid
When you come to visit your significant other’s family to ask their permission to marry, your SO makes coffee to serve
Ah cool
&#x200B;
Now he is using religion as a control tool and for getting votes
It's not like it was so bad for Austrians.
I wasn’t expecting it so it was a nice surprise
It was never really about money and we all know it
Radical religion is just the worst thing for civilization
Sorry but we are too full to get more refugees
Why Frenchman
Turkey is not a desert-covered country
Well, there is anti Russia and anti Turkey posts at least 10 times more than the whole list combined as well
Then why should we believe this greek source?
I don't know, but really wonder what's weird about Wisconsin accent
Sweet Jesus, I thought she died for a second
Natural:
Well, Ataturk was born in what is today Greece, but the place was under Ottoman control at the time so I'm not sure if that counts
If you love sucking the blood out of your employees
I think it literally came from english
Nutella gets its hazelnuts from Turkey
Dont get me wrong, but are milk-white skinned people able to get a tan
Aren't you a yugo living in the west?
If we let that happen like okay now you take a state
Before that only serious rebellions were from janisseries almost never from subjects.
No, there is a huge Yozgatspor fanbase in Liechenstein.
Aw, one of the best shows of my childhood.
This is against the laws of war
I can’t express the amount of times that americans (or brits) asked me if Turkey was a desert and if we really go around on camels and eat kebabs
And thanks for the warning
At least it's not Russia, where the anti-people die, here you just go to jail.
This video itself is a goldmine but except that, our former First Lady once mixed up "lawmaker" and "lovemaker" while giving a speech
Make everything private, no taxes!
In some places people would not mind,
No need for unification talks anymore
But has a very modest population, all of whom work for the government in one way or another
Its possible that some good guys in HDP also couldnt raise their voice against PPK.
I am sure you have, I have too
A lot of WWI/WWII veterans even confessed that they would do it again if their country was in danger.
If tobacco is legal, then cannabis definitely should be
I agree
It is quite annoying, as we also get tested on what we learn, and is part of our university exam
So I would expect nothing but shit-talking from him until Erdoğan finds someone else to do the shit-talking.
Typically Turkish would be the inner parts of the Aegean region, IMO
Chicken is not too safe to eat from cheap places
Well IMO %10 Islamist population.
But because of that I lament the addition of more camis, especially in parts of the city that are already full of camis, but at the same time I’m a big fan of beautiful buildings, which are few and far between in İstanbul
We had this deal with the UN-recognized democraric gov
This is awesome
Mustafa I in 17th century
I'm not sure it is exactly accurate to call this Turkish opposition TV.
I don’t even water my plants with tap water lol
Its been almost a thousand years now
These "politicians" open up Abdullah Öcalan(founder of PKK) flags and PKK(internationally recognized terrorist organization) flags on their rallies
Yeah döner is from around here but traditionally it's eaten with rice on as İskender in Turkey.
You can buy this because of Turkish Lira losing value
If you are muslim,you have to be circumcised
In the northeast of Turkey (Rize province) there are 2 villages inhabitant by [Hemshin Armenians] \- Armenians who were Islamized in the 15th century and lost their connection to the Christian Armenian community
Well speaking for Turkish don't strain yourself to completely correctly use the "çekim" ler (conjugations) as it is not just for the subject but also implies the time
Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, Nara, Yokohama, Hiroshima, Nagasaki
Voting should be in a neutral place but they still shouldn't refuse to vote if it can't be helped.
Nope total war and mount and blade series has the turkish language but it's quite uniqe to see a turkish translation
Thats why the "(more or less)".
We are pretty neutral about Romania I guess
> We use quite a lot in messaging
it are both banned
Not saying its right but not just gay people nobody can do protest in Turkey right now
Especially city of Kars
Istanbul: crowd, chaotic, traffic, concrete jungle, Bosphorus, historical
This isn't some decree from God
In an actual meritocracy based technocracy not a single member of the party he supports would be in government.
Most kurds don’t support PKK however they want some sorts of autonomy
It's not like if you make €99,999.99 a year you pay 30% or roughly €30,000 and if you make €100,000.01 a year you pay 35%.
When a new headmaster arrives, the students naturally try to overthrow him
After all of that virus bullshit
Now he tries to gain support with a war so he can call for a snap election before the opposition unites under a strong opponent
People who've visited Turkey, did it turn out to be better or worse than you imagined?
Soo, that's also sound magical
He asks to armenian and he answers as greek.
If you dared to voice those things in Europe a few generations ago, you'd probably be executed by a firing squad for treason.(not just Nazis or Soviets or anything, basically anywhere including the UK.
you mean genocide
I have seen more pics of French and British Protestors than post criticising Turkey, at least those which reach the frontpage
Ö brotherhood
*ENGLAND*
You gave him an material to use for his propaganda and he'll milk the shit out of it.
:) One way or another, Erdogan is purging extreme islamists like illuminati mindset from our state and hunts them globally, and they hunt his reputation back
I can say that my decades old love for sandals can be traced back to those books
I'm not from EU but congrats
THEY DID NOT SPY ON THE BELGIUM GOVERNMENT OR ON BELGIANS.
I agree
What?This article is just pure yellow journialism.Please don't let your political views blind you.
If he says Turkey won't leave Cyprus they seriously won't neither Cyprus nor Greece has any power to remove them.
TIL turkey is more well known than germany in england
About the weather, I went to Stockholm in February and August
Panoramic view
I experienced something like a 7 in Seattle growing up, and fuck that shit.
ever since yesterday , people just flock to r/turkey to post "recognize it" or similar stuff on completely unrelated threads
i personally swipe my credit card between the stripper's tits
Cat
[Turkish Precision]
The word tzatziki is just their way of spelling the word Cacik
But eh
*ROMA INVICTA*
This is the youtube comment section all over again
The
Prdn
Kaz - goose, dig
If it's not broke, don't fix it
They even have these in Struwwelpeter book
Oh no, pufferfishes are coming
I think freezing accession talks is not wise since Turkey is in a critical juncture in both political and economic terms.
- Taxi drivers endlessly driving around to increase the price of the ride
It was even worse than the almost raw octopus I ate in Japan
our capital city probably
(Granted it was small amounts but still...)
google says you have 120k more
My mom's ancestors are the Jews that fled to Ottoman Empire from Spain hundreds of years ago
GDP growth is %2.5 for last year.
shut the fuck up bot
If the subject could be reframed as "Ethnic cleansing and genocides that occured during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire" I have no doubt Turkey would readily admit it and use the word
so any words containing these sounds sure fuck us up.
He's a Swedish Jew, so probably inferiority complex.
Personal recycling isn't that bad but industrial recyling is basically non existent.
Some local boxers from Turkish origin helped the police against the terrorists
You know supporting multiple sides is better than supporting one when you are trying to divide and conquer.
The Turkish state burned down 3000 Kurdish villages and towns which lead to over 2.000.000 Kurds moving to larger cities, mainly Istanbul.
Two things:
other half either benefits from his policies and corruption or too uneducated to understand what the fuck is actually going on among all the soviet era propaganda that is all over all kinds of media in Turkey.
And people started to learn how to read and write more and more - with latin aphabet.
2) The word has a poor connotation in Turkey(at least in official usage), as it was(and still is) used by numerous Kurdish nationalist and Maoist terrorist insurgencies
It’s quite useful in conversation
If you don't count [Tünel] in Istanbul
Maybe not everything is about Putin?
He uses religion and fucked our economy so young people doesn’t like him but there are people who thinks Islam will be ruined if he is gone so they still vote for him
If its the former, that'd be Azerbaijan
Lifted Ford F150 with Trump Stickers and Texas Licenses Plates
From my online gaming experiment this map is %100 correct
Island residents doesn't seem to like visitors though.
If we reach round of 16 and exit the tournament, I would feel dissatisfied but not disappointed
[Obligatory addendum: picture of apartment from the Black Sea region]
Now we are kind of in a limbo where we dont know what we are doing
I like how Grandma’s are bipolar when it comes to you, first they feed us until we are a wheel then complain why I gained weight
ITT: Right wing Americans trying to defend the west
Yes, Turkish secularism is directly influenced by the French.
Yeah Suleiman’s and Fatih’s periods are considered golden age
I bought TIM data sim card 5 euro and 10gb 15euro for 1 month.only foreign id card need for this.
Some people are even against killing mosquito that carry, malaria, dengue, etc..
Add Turkish refugees there if the sanctions are actually harsh, and you have the 10x refugee crisis you had before.
Shortly answered
Is that coincidental
If there is a problem, it's USA/EU's fault (or the jews).
do what you want to do with trump but you have to understand global warming because of huge animal agriculture
Jeep: *"Jip"* - SUV
Regarding the guardian article, I suggest taking a look at [this flood on Twitter,] it's quite informative
If you work in construction zone; your clothes, helmets, shoes, etc
Turkey may hold referendum on continuing EU accession talks, President Erdoğan says
Well the Hagia Sophia is originally a Greek building, so it IS just as European as the Gothic architecture
Then I watched the movie Klass
Ah great
And I admit I don't know the individual songs; I just say that the current regime loves Ottoman marches instead of Turkish marches and uses it for the said cause
i was also robbed and harassed in lugano, switzerland a couple years ago, that memory still doesn't go away from me though
Live in the Balkans for 600 years.
One day you are fighting Eastasia and the other day you are fighting Eurasia, if you know what I mean
Believe me, if "lying" was criminalized during the feudal times, we couldn't have advanced this far
But we still learn about them multiple times
The Britannica
They tried to implement "özçekim" for selfie
We would also talk about how everything used to be better back in the day
It also means oil in German IIRC :).
Still waiting for more news
Not really a bad way per se, because 21 on a world index is still good, but just judging from the "pool" it is in as a country.
The hypocrisy part is negligible of the incident
Bally: *"Bali"* - Rubber glue
Reasons given by some people were that they were trying to cast a protest vote and "didn't think it would actually count".
We mainly learn about Ancient Greek Philosophers and their ideas
Some cities don't have any still (Şırnak for example).
Manchester gave us the greatest man to have ever lived.
Nerelisin
Silent, but talk way too much
Good job
English and Italian versions of it are also direct translations from Montenegrin
There was a picture in r/Turkey where it showed the pencil and eraser (used to write countrywide university entrance exams) and it said 'Made in Germany'
In İstanbul, people usually drive very slowly in narrow roads, but it's not by choice
I choose neither
If you ask Europeans about their experience, then listen to their experiences.
Movie viral ads are crazy these days
Incase it wasn't clear, we lie.
Like that's not what they have been doing since the Soviet Union days
i saw this i suppose first flag has big differences between present flag . i didnt know thats first flag
PKK flag, Apo pictures, glorifying of terrorists on the side of the tent; the whole package.
No one thinks that they would win, but everyone still keeps buying it
I'd rather not use -stan
Nivala FI
1015 Katrilyon
Aka my swimming pool
Not real removal since Ottomans were basically removed already.
'In a different country', why can't you just say iceland
1st against Muslims, 2nd against Jews and 3rd against Roma.
IIRC the majority of the new babies in Germany are actually from Eastern Europe, not middle east.
Why hold debates, when you don't have to
When it was time to leave Istanbul and head to Kiev, a woman in charge said "Her thighs are too big, she shouldn't represent us
Revisionists/[insert country here] nationalists would instead like to portray Ottomans as Satanic Nightmare Empire.
5 €) for pre rolled ones I know it sounds cheap but since our economy is 'very good' our minimal vage is 270 Euro it is like you know unsettlingly high for a 17 yo student who tries to survive with 50tl a week
You are expected to take your shoes off when you're in a clean place, such as houses or mosques
People who are less educated tend to give Arabic names to their children, as they are more religious and do not consider things like how the Arabic culture is invading ours and corrupting it
Almost 10 degrees below normal spring temperatures
But unless we see Erdogan gone within a few years, I won't be disagreeing with you, as much as I would've loved to see my country be in the EU.
I think you are being naive, they probably filed for the wrong paperwork on purpose.
Scoottlaaannd    fooorrreeevveeerrr
Even tough it was local elections it still had really big impact on Turkish politics
Uhmm where should I start
But Greece and Cyprus started to rent some parts of their(?) sea to some energy companies
Who would have thought
It also has a beautiful ancient city called Knidos
Although Turkish people are familiar with all of the 10 verses, a particularly popular one is as follows:
when do you think Erdogan started doing stuff like this?
“Tupper” the brand Tupperware bottles
Silent, but talk way too much
Almost always
It's like they've totally misunderstood what the underlying logic and solidarity behind Pan-European identity is all about
There is the Zaza language, which is another Kurdish dialect distinct from Gourmanji (widely known as the Kurdish)
Turkey according to Europeans vs Turkey according to Arabs (x-post r/Turkey)
FUCK
Malta aint much bigger than Luxemburg either
alcohol, meat, various groceries, electronics etc
Most people don't even have an opinion about how to play rugby
Bro I literally made the same joke today FUCK
They are a threat, now and moreso in the future.
You're sure you're not American?
It tastes sweet and like anise
I am aware of this of course
Pretty cool how you can see some of the ex-Ottoman borders here.
We start from Stoneage and also learn Mesopotamian history
we have pretty much everything but energy..
He ~~lives~~ in Demre, Antalya, Turkey
I like how Grandma’s are bipolar when it comes to you, first they feed us until we are a wheel then complain why I gained weight
Austria probably but Germany is far more valuable market for them to leave
Those have potential of getting radical, turning into salafi jihadist.
So grencard holders pay taxes to USA eventough the reside and work abroad too.
No matter if they are games/films/books
Your or my opinion about whether it is a country or not doesn't change that.
It's a rural versus urban divide.
Never been to Sweden but my friend lives there and wants to move to Netherlands or Germany and visit Sweden in summers only
Everyone knows bad things, political tortures, murders happened after the coup, they weren't necessity, this things must be done in front courts, justice should have been applied
Some sites (leftist *Diken*, communist *Sol* and
Basically every middle-eastern country that's not Iran's allies plus Egypt.
"Turuncu" is color one, "portakal" is fruit one in Turkish.
Turks are probably as European as you are, my Asian Hungarian friend.
I personally don't like it since it's a sad attempt for people to show off in most cases and I'm not a billboard but people wear clothing with logos in Turkey
So do we agree that Finland exists
USSR was preparing for the war against Nazis from the start, it is dumb to think they are somehow equal or allies
It was a proposal with an eye on giving a ruling minority the ability to run roughshod over the rest of the country really.
To be honest when you said German when I was a kid, I was imagining this haircut
Beyler (Gentleman/Guys)
There is a joke in there somewhere too I guess, but I don't know.
Also, sanctions will definitely make him open the borders.
Just this, nothing more
A lot of them have been doing these for years, they tend to know how to thread carefully.
It was a heartbreaking and eye opening experience at the same time
That sucks but isn't that the university's fault
Turkish karate group seeks asylum in Germany
I believe they were still corrupt back then, slowly appointing their partisans to positions in official institutions, favouring them everywhere etc
Did you not infer that
Turkey has the oldest known place of worship, the approximately 12 thousand year old Göbekli Tepe
Germans wouldn't want anyone to learn German.
Would be quite interesting to see people enjoy their newfound freedoms, especially considering the still-multicultural nature of Istanbul at the time
For a long time it was cheaper to travel to USA and buy iPhone rather than buying in Apple Store in Turkey
The numbers are there, stop being two-faced.
Won which war
akp has the most female members of parliament.
"If they have dollar we have God (on our side)"
In general it's appreciated, and people will gladly teach you the odd phrase.
Its basically Florida in turkey
Scottish history
\>  Street lights turn on at 5 PM when the sun is still up
Well, as I know it was always the same city
however i think village schools are a big game changer here (smaller village schools may have 6-7 students per class) ~~and temel liseler, having often less than 20 students per class
Threads about how Europeans are fools for not defending their nation the way Americans told them to
They have insane amount of propaganda and secret police-esque laws.
Society as well as economy can't hold on anymore
Abi (Brother)
You are advocating for ethnic cleansing right now.
We're more like a rainy downland right now, even for the alt-right.
I believe we as two subreddits accomplished something beautiful today
TIL that protesting something makes a person good
It’s just that legally the name changes in like 1928 or something
Edit: lol at Turkey calling for persecution of Armenians
The phone manufacturer casper
delet this
I'd look at your source if, you know, I knew German.
Turkish constitution is in line with French laicite, not anglo-saxon secularism.
Not in urban areas
AFAIK even though siktir is associated with Turkey and is a Turkish word it is also widely used in the Balkans and Transcaucasia
The funny thing is election propaganda outside Turkey is strictly outlawed by the constitution in Turkey.
sweden nice
no not really , new system favors the president with wide range of powers
In France it's the same too
2 is not enough
The point i am proving is that you cant just talk shit about him like that, if you do, bye
Yeah Turkey has been padding these numbers with visa waiver agreements with Djibouti, etc
Which means melancholy and black bile.
High school should end when at age 17-19
God bless
Now I want to get in jail in Germany, then try if I can escape from it
Why am I not surprised to see this shit every day
People use too many foreign words when it isn't needed and it's annoying
Amazing channel if you want to discover 70s rock music
I'm not a fan of cash either
Well, he doesn't know english so you would be fine.
" in public speeches and somehow, people believe
Unity, Official Language, Flag, National Anthem and Capital of the State
His supporters are diminishing and as for Ataturk he’s definitely one of the greatest leaders to ever exist no question
If you are visiting a country as a tourist I agree but diplomats and politicians should not be subjugated to the customs of the country they visit.
Most of the religious leaders (not necessarily Kurdish ones) come from the East and South East of Turkey where Kurds are prominent.
Nah we make a lot of dark jokes about them but i guess we like germans in a way
However, Erdogan's government will be hopefully gone by the next elections, and we will have a more liberal democratic government like we once did.
Yeah and we can do that work, we can't fix an 19 year old who changed his sex when he was 14 and regrets it.
whatever game the russians are using us as a pawn in.
You can drink it in certain cities I guess, but even there people don't drink it.
Ottoman has a lot of Persian and Arabic drived words so it is a bit hard
They don't exactly want Turkish influence with a burning passion.
It's never felt right to me considering the aforementioned history
What's happening in Azerbaijan
I would say in Europe standarts cities with 300k+ populations are considered larger cities
Still high, perhaps, but not a ridiculous 40%.
Plus, Belarusian people are very nice and friendly, good hearted and everyone is extremely beautiful in genetics
It's made of two words "Peygamber" (prophet, Persian) and "Deve" (camel, Turkish)
They are the largest minority with 18 million people
Probably the Coup/Revolution of 27th May 1960
So we're not skipping it lmao
Good luck passing a law
Erdogan = Ataturk + Abdul Hamid II
Imperial dynasty ended with Neslişah.
You might be right I don't really know about politics
azerbajani %99
And after the Islamic Revolution there was a huge emigration
And thats why we love you
I'd say he wants EU to kick Hungary instead to get some sweet propaganda weapons, as if he'd become a martyr, but I don't know much about it like I said so I might be mistaken
neat, I guess
It was officially titled as "İmparator" meaning "The Emperor" here in Turkey
I hate you
It should be higher
Idiots are predictable, so they're not really a problem, IMO
It was 4 years here back in '02
Even I can't see the reason behind that
People from all over the world, please take your fucking vote seriously
This is the song as far as i can remember
He is an advisor of Erdoğan, but a really crazy guy.
Roasting Jack (Steam Jack)
What about communism
He did the right thing boosting nationalism to combat islamism.
So many protests everywhere
Massive cost
Turkeys relationship with Saudi Arabia is not actually that good as indicated in western media.
(2005)
dear usa pls don't start another war in our neighbours AGAIN
That black ninja outfit though (still can't remember its' name, covers the face and basically every cm of skin) is very, very rare
I'd rather say it used to be pretty much similar to the others described here, can't say it for today
Holy crap it's (nearly) exactly the same with me
The Dutch did the right thing today.
damn I wish I had foreskin
Turkey has that original debate for decades (probably centuries) now
It’s about storytelling
You can get virtual any law you want into Turkish senate.
Current government is actually taking some action
I was born and educated in Turkey, I spent majority of my life there, my opinion is just as valid as yours
Edit: Trying to discredit my points below by mentioning the Armenian genocide or Ottoman conquest of Balkans, which don't concern "me", a Turkish individual *at all*, namely using ad hominems, is essentially conceding that my points are all valid and you can't argue against it
When I was in high school, the history teachers pretended like nothing ever happened after Atatürk died in 1938
They also use it to divide and muddle the ground between actual supporter and mere local participants.
Stop white-washing everything
take it from me as a fellow turk who had gotten a job abroad:
We come from the same place(ASIA)
Heh
Dutch always had a good taste in ships, perfect combination of aesthetics and tax evasion.
Not so proud of it but still good memories
We use name Atilla a lot
It sounds like a heavy Eastern accent when listening
We can both play this game but thankfully im not you so i'll just report.
It is no time to be indecisive
I don't think figures like a Kurdish Gandhi will have any effect on the Turkish policy towards them sadly.
People that live in the mountains communicate with guns
Yes
It is a quick read
Islamism is a political ideology, Islam is a religion.
...except the EU can *never* speak with a single voice
Enough corrupt that Türk Kızılayı (Turkish Red Crescent) asks for money right after earthquake (10₺ =1,6€) to help earthquake area while they tossed tons of stuff to Syrians without asking money
total 28 minute
He’s undermined the secular and modern views of Atatürk
Taxi drivers hands down
Even though most of it live in big cities, it’s hard to find untouched areas in Turkey
Abortion was always legal in Turkey.
Syrian and Iraq as non-stable countries which already threatening more countries just than Turkey as refugees
so i am not very happy about it.
Right now, only coronavirus
Before 2018, General Staff of Turkish Republic was the highest branch of the army and didin't connected to Ministry of Defence, after 2018 it attached to Ministry of Defence and rhe ministry become the highest branch
Armenian thingy
If I a Turk go and say to a Turk he will most likely not deny it cuz its true ffs
Apple tea
I’m *not* going to get into who killed more who committed what atrocity when etc
220, 208
So Turkey is Islamic version of Poland
Thank you.I hope they will rest in peace and i hope they can capture that town from ISIS.F.cking ISIS uses SVBIEDs every day and ES forces usually destroy 1 or 2 each day but in this case they were pushing in so it was much more deadlier because they got striked with 3 of them in a single day(With TAK attacks this is the 6th SVBIED attack in this mounth against our forces.Extremist usually find a lot of people who are ready to blowthemselves up for a stupid cause.)
I have put these locations [into my Map] and colored them
20 = yirmi
If they can't "legally" identify themselves using the document while it's their only document they then are *effectively* stateless.
I can give anything for that god damn i really dont like summer speacily if you are in city like fucking Istanbul its just worst
Italia is less than 20
Pretty much everyone following the news knew that the upcoming High Military Council meeting that was supposed to happen around August (coup was in july) was going to start cleansing the military.
It took the place for Hungary for now
Pulli FI
I refrigerate some of the eggs and leave some of them outside
They do, people still think Turkey is an islamic country and cant handle the thruth that people can be non-muslim
Most of my people are dumb
This is sarcasm why are you downvoting this
I shall never forget Guernica
By from the heart I meant that he talks without preparation or teleprompters sometimes.
It doesn’t exist, if you don’t recognise it
I understand Greece and Armenia but why you too
I think I've seen on these things that Turkey has more forest cover than UK
Having big balls also means being powerful in a modern world sense
If you'd like to discover these movies, I suggest you tryt o get a list somewhere, and attempt to find subtitled, or perhaps even fully translated versions of the movies
i could even argue it would strengthen his voter base..
Sadly I don't know any French
i never saw someone calling the Byzantines as Romans
Turkish Republic is not secular in *at least* in this matter
Claim given by a Turkish businessman who lives in Utrecht, it still needs a confirmation tho
I don't like Erdogan at all but this is a propaganda against Turkey by terrorists
- Nazım HIKMET-
We use Anadolu (literally Anatolia) to refer to places that is not İstanbul, even European Turkey is included to Anadolu sometimes
İzmir: Let's take a Greek town and leave it alone for centuries and then completely fuck it up with unplanned growth and immigration after the 60s. But let's also fill it with lots of beautiful girls and good people
Where i live is the opposition's stronghold.
Why is that the case in Sweden
We usually say the name of the person who we are talking about
It is real :D?
Have some aspects from all of them
Whenever polls don't go Erdogan's way something terrible happens in Turkey.
The reporter almost always uses -di to create a credibility
If it's an impulsive attempt with sudden emotional changes than they regret their choice, see their attempt as a chance and usually accept help immediately
Some old women are using this privilege as social meetings
Well, its gonna change soon
Liechtenstein ’s is pretty unique, I don’t see any competition here
More like extremely French influenced  Elsaß.
The protesters are just a leveraging tool to the police
How are those two mutually exclusive?
Didn't show Kurdistan not triggered enough
Spain, the Spain of Europe
Jan Vesely is earning around 3 millions of euros in Turkey,
We're saying it's disrespect to our believes
H is /h/ as in hot
Laz language, offshoot of old Greek still spoken in the Black Sea region
They forgot to mention 2 important ones(maybe because these aren't exactly mega projects but they are still huge)
Yeah because the 50% of Turkey that is anti-Erdogan is clearly Christian am I right?
Turkish, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, German, French
Black Forest
But with current youth, he's nothing but a mockery
There are Turks -other than Turkey’s Turks, there are Azerbaijanis, Turkmen, Kirghiz, Uigur, Uzbek etc
It is very suspicious that Erdo (compared to his previous elections) played clean and fairly so far
Breathtakingly beautiful country
> Serbian Defender
Had "Asterix : Tour de Gaule" and "Asterix : Legionarre" in my childhood, both in Turkish
I thought the government keeps some of those tax money for the administration cost
I'd expect better from the internet.
Cats are better predators than dogs are so they are a threat for them
I live in İstanbul so I never experienced extreme cold like that here, even though sometimes there's thick snowcover here, it's very rarely colder than -5°.
This is for what I call "Big city dialect" which is a mix of many others
The group is no longer active but the song never gets old :)
(Hopefully)
(The letter *J* is not native to Turkish)
Are you older than 35
Nobody will be allowed to commit such a crime against future generations, either way.
They are struggling against Khalifa Haftar these days in civil war
He did have rallies outside Turkey before.
We may take it for granted but it really wasn't easy to turn what was a theocratic dictatorship into a democratic and secular country.
Sultan forbids him to live in Istanbul
Just not Turkey
Like every few weeks, European redditors/arm-chair generals [talking] about issues they don't know anything about
Not everyone might like it
If those answers doesn't satisfy the country's criteria, don't let them in
Let's say that's what the government brands him as
Sevres and Lausanne are seperate treaties, there was a period of time ('20-'22) both in Istanbul and Ankara two 'governing mechanisms' existed simultaneously and Turkish Republic forcibly droped all Ottoman images & cultural traits after '23; so much so that the last Assembly of the Ottoman Empire and the second (or third) Assembly of the Turkish Republic had almost no one in common
Police officers, sure
Isn't Dudamel bit young for New Year's Concert?
That's fair but some religions are more cancer than others.
thank you
It would be a very unfortunate way to go but they are not some YouTube pranksters, they would have died to protest with the hope of finding a solution for the most important problem the humanity has ever faced
Who died because of the terrorist attacks of this fuckers
I don't know if this prevents the AKP from mobilizing it's base or does the opposite.
They do this shit in every case
We are talking about them actually but very little
Wow swedes be smart
And Laz accent sounds funny to us İstanbullers
Men wear nothing but tight leather shorts (!), rub tons of oil on each other - you're supposed to rub oil on your opponent and he's supposed to rub it on you as a sign of mutual respect (!!), then these hairy, oily, shiny, muscular half-naked guys wrestle in front of the public and the whole point is to put your hands inside of your opponent's shorts as deep as possible (!!!), and if you defeat an older wrestler you then kiss his hand (!!!!)
Edirne is full of Bulgarians at the weekends
Also from what I've heard neither the greek nor the Turkish part likes non- Cypriots in their country, don't know how true it is though
With some effort Salar and Turkmen are understandable too
But most of the time I speak English with my friends and at this point we probably speak better English than Turkish
And everyone hates each other because of football (türküm)
You reminded me of the [pilot episode of Coupling]
I even got fake “highs” with bread
Cezzar Ahmet Paşa would be ready to defend Akka
Those letters are clearly needed yet not official
It has a bitter taste and It's most of the time consumed with fish
But no matter how much I practiced I could never draw as well as this guy and that is talent.
1 turkish week equals 6 european months
It would be unthinkable if Cypriot Turks wanted to join the southern part under a given deal, that Turkey would say no
Thank you guys
It's a marketing wonder
Queen Elizabeth II: *Wait for me Louis*
German influenced Alsace
Very bad year and worst thing is you are desensitized in time.
'A lot' is superior to a locked number that is now a ratio of 1:750,000
Also we leave a wish on or under a rose bush that night, then take that wish the next morning and drop it in water
Maybe I am naive but I never understood why Europeans cared so mcuh about Erdoğan
One states that they are the descendants of Izzettin Keykavus's tribe, thus the name comes from Keykavus and becomes Gagauz
weird
I asked for a source that shows more Greeks were killed than replaced.
Ataturk was the guy who ended sultans but they put him there too.
won
Well it was an armenian village in the past so that explains a lot
Altın Gün - Süpürgesi Yoncadan
The problem is that the population sextupled.
Just so people know not everybody targeted by Erdogan is automatically good.
Istanbul is proud of its diverse history, the city is poetically referred to as home of six nations, capital to four empires.
I don't drink tea
Erdogan does not trust NATO, he knows he is a regional power and whole this shitshow is happening on the region he is the most powerful
It's a shame most of its beauty was destroyed
The phone manufacturer casper
After 2011 and when HDP started gaining trajectory he seemed to abandon this pro-Kurdish stance.
To be honest I don’t like my accent
Few years ago I've learned that there are more than one standart deck of playing cards and the one I know was French deck
Why half of Anatolia is desert
Not anytime they are at an airport either or stopped by the police.
) to them, he basically make people irreligious, changed the "magnificent"(!) alphabet and westernised country
This should be our new flag / s
I thought Dutch were Catholic...No?
Yup, I want to get to hell out of here as soon as possible, the education system is shit, politics are shit, economy is getting worse each day, there's no security or freedom of speech.
This hurts Turkey the most where you can let anyone to talk about you and don’t saying anything which is easy for to be accused doing something way out of the line
When I'm pissed at EU (for totally legit reasons), all I need to say is "That's it, I'm leaving the EU!" and just take the ferry.
I didn't say it doesn't have older roots, but it picked up the pace in a very short time.
Also Kosovo
No.CHP voters will vote no in the referandum.CHP is trying to get MHP and AKP voters to vote no in the referandum.Goverment is bluffing to get MHP votes and CHP is trying to prevent it.
Oh, great
For what
*Hayli* in Turkish (pronounced "highly") means *highly* for some weird coincidence
most people speak Istanbul Turkish (the official one)
He promised to create same conditions
I wasn't talking abaout wars but yeah you're right
If it's just three then, Turkish, English, Indian
grey wolves or any other nationalist party or all of them combined (plus chp help to let them pass threshold) never had more than 15 percent of the total votes in any election.
Obviously
My point was it is easy to change the words or doesn’t show other side of the story
All the time
But might just be bias
I went to Greece last year for the first time and I *loved* it.
Nothing to with claiming it, that's just the translation.
Which is Balkan
Can I have one of those ?
The others i've seen were pretty low effort imo.
> Kone
Well since most North Koreans are quite short due to starvation he is probably a giant to them.
That’s how you know a game is good
You'd get a good chunk of the middle east with you if you consider those guys to look "white".
I haven't been there since y2k and the mayan calendar thing, hope nobody broke in
We had to deal with those people for decades/centuries.
Im from turkey and what the fuck is this
How is it better than being hunted down, murdered and experimented on because of an entire country's lust for money?
Look at it from the positive side
(Bozcaada is hard to translate, it would mean something like "the greyish island" in English.)
I know that
Thank god in Turkey there are heavily anti-government and leftist newspapers still operating in Turkey like sözcü and cumhuriyet
EU is long shot dream of Turkish Citizens
This is like the 4th time I’m explaining meanings of Europe in this single thread
Dude I'm telling this for the third time now
But I have not included them, because they have lost their connection to the Armenian community many centuries ago and identify themselves rather as Turks as Armenians
Crete however has Turkish Christians and Muslim greeks
" thread in /r/turkey, they will rape your karma
We had a woman prime minister for god's sake!
This doesn't help.It is actually does the opposite by doing this they are giving them a chance to use this to gain votes.
The same area is also a great holiday destination, you should go in summer
There are a lot of types of köfte and kebaps but Turks actually don't eat much red meat, much less compared to Europe.
Edit 3: The chairman of the main opposition party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu has stated that he's behind Cavusoglu and that Turkey would be justified in sanctioning the Netherlands.
Mayor brings three trucks of snow to the schoolyard for the students who haven't seen snow before in Mersin, Turkey
So mr u/AngieMcD is bullshitting then?
according to [reseachgate
Erdoğan by far
For Pakistan, Egypt and arabic states: Also Ataturk
Turkey has conscription thus almost everyone have positive feelings about the millitary.
Between these times, I spoke them in English
Most of them also do lack an adequate education (even Secondary), so their ignorance highly contributes to the existing stereotypes
That %3 is bigger than a lot of European countries, size wise and population wise.
Someone found the facebook of the perpetrators I believe.
That if you don’t study well, you’ll end up working at a McDonald’s.
Every 10th of november at 9:05 am in Turkey
And lately Istanbulites who are mostly well educated have been leaving the city due to chaos, refugees, security issues, overcrowdness, pollution
If that's happening in Europe, it's filled with Erdoğan's fanatics so you are more likely to run into an AKP idiot there
Hagia Sophia itself was indeed a big inspiration, since Sinan spent o huge deal of time restoring the building and bonding with it over this.
This isnt about Feto anymore this purely about removing anyone that opposes him from government.
Ankara grew by 100 times, from 50,000 to 5 million today
Do u think this is a mutherfcking game bruh?
Kebab is a different food group its incorrect to call a Döner Kebab a Kebab
He was the right hand man of Ataturk through the Independence War, signed Lausanne treaty, lead the nation through WW2, allowed greater democratization and liberalization after the war.
They explain their reasoning like "As you know, the Dutchmen names themselves as "Portakal", we say we'll squeeze you and drink you."
Yes, probably
I, once, read on the news about some songs in Greece to provoke Turkey
No, only western people realized his true intentions, all of Turkish people were sleeping.
FETÖ is responsible for this if not PKK if not DHKP-C /s
France UK and Germany have the largest percentage of Muslims in Europe except Muslim countries while Hungary and Poland are among lowest in Europe.
This is exactly what most AKP politicians and hardcore supports are like
Cologne = Köln
I used to say same thing before my country abolish it
When you didn’t finish the plate, she would say “It will cry behind your back” which is makes you kind of sad when you are 5 hears old and you finish it just to not make food cry
And Ibrahim Tatlıses (the guy who survived a 7
Hands up, I would say it's probably one of the most iconic photos of the decade
You should have seen their red handed faces
High school should end when at age 17-19
How did you get that flair ?
We have the same thing in turkey menemen with onions or without onions
So we couldnt deal with it
Just think about that, i'm saying Balkans aand Middle East
There is a big flu epidemic and people believe once the snow comes it ends, but the snow is not coming this year
I’m a substitute teacher in a high school
I love how BLM's "Marxists" would March in countries with fairly good police forces but won't do anything about Uyghurs
Well the Hagia Sophia is originally a Greek building, so it IS just as European as the Gothic architecture
USA supported Islamists come to power in Turkey in 2003.
We were taught very well about WW1
So are Russia and Hungary, apparently
That’s how you know a game is good
If they did, they would do their best to put Turkey in an economic crisis right now, while Erdogan is campaigning for the Presidential system.
He looks like Mark zuckerberg at best in the photo
While I don't think its likely for the Southeast to secede, it is the only region that has some kind of reason to
And it's not like we are out of space or anything
Any European country I don't fucking care, just get me out of this shithole honestly.
Hungary: Macaristan (Land of the Magyar)
Kösem Sultan, a female regent who tried to have the ruler murdered
siktir
Very emotional
Kaan and Kağan are the same, yes
Go out in the evening
Russia is threatening EU members like the Baltic countries.
If ("IF" is so important), not only Erdogan but also his mindset and what he represents are gone in Turkey, It is still debatable for Turkey to be an EU member.
I mean, I (and likely most of my generation) really, honestly cannot imagine a world where Greece and Turkey ends up in a military event outside of an unintended accident like a plane crashing or something that happens in Turkey that has nothing to do with Greece (like soldiers escaping the coup want asylum in Greece etc
Keep the star and crescent but make the colour blue
You cant stop it, you cant reason with Islam.
"Peygamberdevesi" roughly translates to THE PROPHET CAMEL
*Yabancı* in Turkish means foreigner, comes from the root *yaban* meaning wild
, and you can pay with your CC
" They even made a propaganda
But most of Turks scared from it, because of [Malmoth]
Good job either way, it still feels glorious to walk past it.
A person's spiritual views are his/her own business but if you politicize and create an ideology of your religion, I'll criticize or even insult it the same way people have been doing to each others ideologies for hundreds of years.
Mother side: Since my mum lives around 900km away from them it doesn’t happen much often
The worst part is when they aren’t compatible
in turkey some people drinks a soup which sheep's head and foot in it
I have learnt nearly everything on my own
With one side of the medal, what you say is rational
He killed thousands of people himself?
It's because we *always* have one dominant political party at elections
therefore, they cannot differentiate R and L sounds while speaking foreign languages
I got sick at least 2 times every winter.
Turkey has the highest per capita tea consumption, at over 3 kilos per year
If it is history, one should accept it and see what might caused it to not repeat it.
:) One way or another, Erdogan is purging extreme islamists like illuminati mindset from our state and hunts them globally, and they hunt his reputation back
•Ankara:Capital, Anıtkabir (Atatürk’s Grave) center of national Movement
I love how you two blame each others nation for helping Ottomans
> Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some [incredible lists] over at [r/IndigenousMetal] that might help you
Nah :d Blood of the martyrs who fought for their country's freedom.
They even rose to high governmental positions like Governor of Syria
Nuking entirety of Anatolia would leave more than just Anatolia uninhabitable.
1453 best year of my life
So Turkey is not European
Istanbul's roads are narrow and rhere's nowhere to go,but people give me space
Here is a funfact; my mother worked as a Nurse in a Kurdish town in 1980s, when so-called Kurdish independence fighters raided the city, they killed every single person
I like Italy's history,especially Rome,city state and rennaissance periods
tru
I was replying to the post above "who will erdoğan blame?"
Sup, Almanya
Like come on what next, denying Germany is Europe
This doesn't matter much on Reddit (since you can still click on the small "display image" button on posts to see the full images, though this is inconsisten from ISP to ISP, but even then you can consistently see images if you
It was two Islamist factions fighting each other, no one would carry an Atatürk portrait on either side.
etc
Did not include Kurdish as I don’t consider it as a foreign language, it is the mother tongue of ~15% of our population
Easy
I wrote an explanation read it again then.
The thing is, people who market homoephaty and similar bullshit are just as greedy assholes, with the difference that their drugs don't actually work.
tbh, its hard to survive here for 1k years
>Also a lot of Turks say that Greek Cypriot people deserved to suffer because of EOKA B actions, equating all Greek Cypriots with EOKA B. As Turks love to point that PKK =/ Kurds, EOKA B =/ Greek Cypriots
There are a lot of turks that like in germany so it is expected
Wıth good rulers, Ottoman was cool and just but with time and the effect of Islam, we fucked up bad
I can't access i.redd
Family comes first before individualism
Does Turkey oppress religious people?
It looks like the flipping iceberg from club penguin
But I cannot accept inviting in millions of people who despise women's rights, homosexuals' rights, Jewish rights, the rights of those who leave Islam or become Atheists, and of secular democracy generally.
Its called “demiryolu” which means “road of iron”
Capitalism wants you to believe some kind of freedom movements like that
We have almost the same one in Turkey.
We have everything from blue eyes-blonde hair to dark brown complexions in Turkey
i think our flag kinda looks arabic with star and cresent and i know that it's not about islam at all
They are similar to more contemporary stuff like Deus Ex or Genocidal Organ.
I dunno man seems like robbery to me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
**Some other maps which I have used as an orientation were these ones**
I can’t think of a weirdly spelled name in Turkish and there’s probably none
Bread making machine idea is great though, thank you :)
[This] would be Islamist moustache
He fought against all that countries and abolished Sultanate in 1922
This is how the problems started
Also Kosovo
He purged Kemalists long before the coup with Ergenekon already.
And even ours is worse
He supports his image using nationalistic nonsense which even he was blatantly against only a few years prior and by trying to arouse a meaningless patriotic feeling in people
I don't look for metal groups specifically
Yes, foreign accents are mostly considered normal and acceptable but local or native Turkish accents are seemed informal and a sign of lack of education
Turkey fucking left because they were overwhelmed I guess
Your comment made me laugh and also made me relieved that I am not alone lol
Cringe greek generals
Before you say the obligatory wHaTaBoUtIsM, this is to point out your hypocrisy
Trump actually was one of the only world leaders that praised Erdogan's way of handling the coup attempt.
Sarajevo = Saraybosna
He does whatever the fuck he wants
Mind if I
Mate are you fucking kidding me?
Questions in university exam comes from state books so she did what she had to do
Well I guess they have friends or/and relatives in Germany (like all other Turks).
God bless
I hope he's not migrant or this comment section will blow up.
I assume if this escalates, NATO will join due to its geography and situation that Turkey in Syria
If they don't, that means they don't have public support.
Well, dont make it that obvious, seems like you are one of them
While Turkey has compulsory voting, this is literally the first time it being mentioned I've heard of it and it's never enforced.
Everyone's black around here
To give you an idea, Turkey borders 7 countries with [7 different alphabets] (if you count Persian and Azerbaijani as different)
Some idiots trying to push Kurd-Turk civil war.
THEY ARE TAKING OVER TROY
Hababam Sınıfı series is excellent, as well as other films by the same group of actors such as [Neşeli Günler] and [Tosun Paşa]
Yeah it is patriotic, it written while Turkish Inpendenece War happening, and its also made for soldiers get improved
Sestola IT
And we should start by you firstly and immediately, you are almost a lost cause.
But we also have different popular channels too
I would like to reserve Qara Qoyunlu.
Bruh
Same in Turkey in many households
I urge all European fellows to not to take AKP deputies seriously these days as Erdoğan is preparing for a constitutional reform referendum to grant himself more executive powers and to disempower the parliament.
ankara, bursa, antalya, izmir var
Oof, you just made me remember how fucked up the situation is in Cyprus
People get mad over every fucking shit nowadays i just dont know why they are THAT mad
Yılmaz Özdil: We hurt the messenger.
A small shop owner throwing a cash register to prime minister Bülent Ecevit during that economic crisis in 2001
He can also send some wine too, because, you know, French suck too probably.
Now that we are at it, I have a question for you, something that I have been curious about
I think most of you would be interested in seeing most important part of the sentence can all expressed just by the verb
Although i can not guarantee your safety, i am %100 sure you'd be safer there than İstanbul.
are more popular than Germany, Netherlands, UK, France, Sweden among Turkish liberal expats specifically because there aren't as much Islamists there.
[Population Density Map]
I'm not saying that they were all evil
They are very close to the Turkish shores.
In every street you will see atleast two stray cats
I also like the colours red and white
I have made the assumption that he read the article or at least the same story from a Turkish source.
:) I mean Contra oftenly writes sarcastic lyrics to make a point.
I think you can't go lower than that.
Nevertheless,they're surrounded by peaceful countries except for russia
18, also 2 of the 7 wonders of the ancient world are located here
We lived with them for 500 years but look at that
And before that, during Ottoman times, your ruling elite would have graduated from the [Phanar School] where they might have picked up some Slavic words from their Bulgarian classmates.
Turn on AC
> Serbian Nigger
This type of male violence against woman has upraised under current government which they don’t so shit about it
Özrnz kbl edlmştr
"Should we feed them (for the rest of their lives) instead of hanging them
You would write "miğde" if you heard the word and never seen it written
•Anti Imperialism
Not in urban areas
Bilecik does not exist
it works for me though I don't think it is banned because that would even make less of a sense since reddit isn't.
The only time Turkey is part of Europe and it's negative news
You are expected to stay home and help with house income
[THANK YOU
it's just vodka distilled with star anise
Israel seems like gotta change sides
You know mate its the jedi way
The people I mentioned that are deported are currently grandparents or parents of people in Netherlands.
Deniz Baykal isn't a leftist, he's in the center slightly to the right side.
And Ibrahim Tatlıses (the guy who survived a 7
Well it is unlikely for rebels to win however it is also unlikely for Syrian goverment to be able to take remaining rebel strongholds like idlib.
olive oil fill up
Syrians are coming to Turkey without learning our language
they ARE supported by around %40-%50 of the country after all.
are our biggest gas/oil suppliers.
If he loses, it means the voterbase doesn't listen to him.
It is connects to other underground tunnels leading to Golden Horn
This is kinda legit.They captured 2Leos(but they were disabled by the crew) and 1 Acv-15 but they killed 14 soldiers in total not 35(and 4 od them died in the morning while other 10 died im 3 different SVBIED attacks).
I had extra classes too but they don’t really matter
Good guys vs
Rather than that the poet stands on the idea of nation
Officially comar means "Sheppard dog' or 'being rude" depending on how you use it.
We must maintain our peace
He meant "can a party/a canditate get more seats than a party which got more votes", and he answer for Germany is "no".
Society as well as economy can't hold on anymore
Edit: Actually he can't even put it to referendum as that requires 360 votes and directly passing is actually 400 votes
it opens all the doors
You are not wrong about what you said previously though.
I didnt claim that
The main reason was that the public was already pretty illiterate.
The part that has kept this madman in charge ever since I was born
Nevertheless I get what you are trying to say
Turkey has 14 million Kurds who we live together happily
Wouldn't say disgusting but agreeable overall haha
Erdoğan’s university diploma
It was so good
*Yodelling sounds in the distance*
Cons: government
Some(a few) Greeks might be offended due to Izmir March's Lyrics and Izmir's Independence from occupying forces
But yeah, suggesting they're "forced" to wear it is a legitimate trigger, so long as people are free wear what they like
They: Oh, I’ve been in Turkey, such a great country
I'm pro-opposition but all i'm seeing is Erdoğan farming voters left and right
But there are phases like “There was a car accident
If by purge you mean the population exchange with Greece, it was mutually agreed upon.
You post that to disprove the claim that Kurds DO vote for Erdoğan?
I'm beginning to think it's too late and mankind doesn't have what it takes for unprecedented changes
If not that, I guess we'll have to keep waiting
93 Years Ago Today, Caliphate was Abolished by Grand National Assembly of Turkey
There are some words that I don't know but with context it's kind of easy
I like mediterranean and mountains
Avarage salary for QA/Test Engineers?
It's not taught in your history as such, or shown in your media as such I assume
Similarly with Turkey, I don't even think it will lead to a hot conflict between our countries but even if it does, I'm perfectly sure Turkish borders would remain intact
i am sure this is how French pronunciation made up
Like, if she was paid 10 000 a month, would she be responsible
Since I know a lot more music from us
And they were ugly af to use
During holiday times, it is usually on the news, people throwing gifts and stuff to each other over the border to celebrate
Only thing Serbs have done is gotten gassed/shot.
İnce and ms
China did fall apart as you can see in that gif.
I don’t know about Turkey
They had people who loved them, family, a girlfriend, fiancé. Maybe they had goals to accomplish in life
Lmao
Peach
Yeah but unfortunately talks are not going as good as they should.They probably won't agree to a plan again :/.(I thought 15 June would be in **bold** but it seems it doesn't work for titles shit.)
It doesn't reach the typical Turkish person.
There is an interesting thing about population exchange between Greece and Turkey.
Then we named their landing point after them (anzac cove)
The situation only gets worse by each passing second
Mattine IT
It's called "Religion and Morals
Southern and Eastern Europe can use that instead.
The same will happen with other muslim immigrants; but sure just eat up the right wing fearmongering propaganda why do I even bother.
In my opinion you can draw whatever you want
Of course sunlight is still dangerous to an extent, but we are better of than brittle northerners.
Suggesting that a Turkish food is actually not a Turkish food but is a Greek/Bulgarian/Serbian/whatever food will also draw angry comments
You Europeans have a lot of experience dealing with unwanted minorities i bet you will find a solution to that.
I added metal to the question just to add verity
How are we using this in daily life and in popular media
The only time Turkey is part of Europe and it's negative news
No risk for Saudi Turkia, so don't worry about it.
Well, for some of them we just say some sentences and skip it
* [Xanthos-Letoon] (1988)
How do you dress to go outside, to work etc
In mathematics
Well, I guess you don't see many Nazis in Turkey.
Well, Turkish ancestors who used to live in the geographic area of where Turks live now, did invent them
Niğde is a place like that and fun fact it literally means “nowhere” in a lot of Slavic languages
i think democracy is best way . if people elect bad president ,this is fate of people
Well, one of my classmates back in the day knew how to swear in 4-5 languages.
slaves
I hope I can see the day when MHP is treated as such in Turkey but yeah I am not holding my breath
Hitting space 5 times for paragraph indents and 20 times for centering the title on MS Word
They have control over the biggest newspapers and TV stations.
The problem is we are in the minority.
According to TDK, it's Persian
The responsibility doesn't fall to one country or region
There is nothing wrong with eastern European hookers.
It is killing me softly but what can i do :)  When I leave the city for summer break i miss it by  1 month
So I still guess residents and workers there would not be hostile against Europeans, but as I am not from that city or region, talking to someone who has more experience about the place would be more informative of course.
For the Ottoman part of Armenia i have used [the work of Sevan nisanyan]
There is no logic behind it
But this doesn’t make them terrorist
Kratos' mother
If enforced, a law like this is one of the best tools to be abused by a tyrant
Oh im really sad that they act like that
I just don’t like the idea of 11 years old kid to think about sex just to learn about it
S/He probably is still here)
Or at least I have not found them
Also, students have to go school at dark in the morning
Greece and Turkey, made a big smile on my face :)
Because of course there is
greenpeace is more loser than any loser
European Turks are seen as extremely conservative and ignorant here.
Australia built a statue of him
You can even see this support in /r/europe.
They were always neo-liberal and started privatising everything, but they also fixed the crippled economy and improved life standards
It means people who follow Kemal's ideals in the same way Marx wasn't a Marxist or Lenin wasn't a Leninist.
think about it like this; there are probably millions of nazis all arround the world but there is no force/organization/state/whatever to render them effective.
It used to snow way more back in the day , blame climate change I guess ...
Iran's government is doing just fine without tourists.
Yaşasın ırkımız
•Trabzon:Beautiful nature, Villagers with weird accents and lazes with big noses
Stuff about the evolution and Atatürk being reduced has been talked about for over a week now but the other stuff is news to me.
Erdogan supporters are always acts like they are the most religious ones
He wishes that, an average wahhabi is more intelligent than him and her.
As far as I know, completely normal to talk to family about such experiences
I assume in France, toilets in hotels didn't have any numbers on their doors, therefore they were "sans numéro" (numberless/without number)
This also happens on our other nationel holidays
For example, hâla(yet, still, regardless) is generally written the same as but pronounced different than hala(aunt on paternal side per blood)
>Doping
We did it Reddit
How does it benefit Erdogan only?
Also British, Italian and French were there o colonize those lands
Almost always
I have been in russia several times.
I know how caps lock work, yet, I use shift because it is easy for me to type
There's something about Swedish that sounds so melodic, so I'll have to go with that
Get a new supreme court
Also the name of their country roughly means Silverland.
For example göremedik is we couldnt see it
Actually the idea was to control all the mosques and prevent any kind of radicalism by making them civil servant
When I said that I remembered our fallen soldiers history againts PKK
lol It is like -10 right now and I live in Istanbul everywhere is filled with snow and it still keep going.
Yes kind of
I think I've seen on these things that Turkey has more forest cover than UK
As a fellow citizen I thought you already knew this
US supported Islamist against communists, which almost destroyed the very strong left wing, and made very weak Islamist grow very quickly.
Adana, which is a province in southeastern Anatolia and hot as fuck
Or when you are on a date, you drink coffee
And a declaration of war against Turkey is essentially a declaration of war against the US, doesn't mean Turkey's a part of the US.
While trying to go around the world, they found America and other routes around Africa
He/she, her/him are the same word in Turkish
I hope this election will be good for World Politics
A friend of mine has been trying to get his friends out of jail for like two days in a row now
A few genocide issues with Armenia and Greece
in 20s they were sucking england
It doesn’t really matter since all they do is to listen to the big president and do what he says
Yes, she and the French is my favourites.
Omg, I live in Antalya and the amount of German tourists walking around with no sun protection is triggering
Comes from Kahve Altı, which actually means before coffee
They still have a long way to go obviously, but what I'm saying is maybe there's a more productive way other than boycotting that gets you some actual results
> US multinationals
But then hit me
Kahvaltı, means breakfast
* "The biggest torture was listening to the screams of other women
Otherwise it does not make sense
C: 17%
It's a shame Merkel won't stick around
But then these same people spew the most racist, homophobic, transphobic, misogynistic things you can ever read/hear, like they can only be 'one-upped' by Islamists who take that rhetoric a step further.
I might have chosen to just say "Turkey sucks" and get 99999 karma.
I believe they were still corrupt back then, slowly appointing their partisans to positions in official institutions, favouring them everywhere etc
Such an old catedral should have been protected better
It's a bad representation of us.
Uh no almost nobody denies it btw
There's a microphone in the filet mignon!
It would likely force a newly built eu army to patrol aegean
but I feel bad for you too
We're not "European", where have I claimed that?
So for us maybe 31st December
( Because it is the only relevant one we have.
I think another reason media refers to as Biontech is because it is easy to pronounce
Macaroni, pasta and bread, mixed with well fatted kebabs and street food
Helped that he literally gave a box of tea leaves at the man afterwards
And the issue gets even more complicated after that since it reaches a point where those people are accepted neither in their home country or their host country
+ 10 malee damage to all religious enemies
Also if cigarettes enter the illegal drug category, there will be a rise in crime, smuggling, and black market production, and rise of costs on war against drugs
It is a weird saying
Also in [Izmir Bay, Kordon] Turkey.
Also, Islamism is a political position, not a spiritual.
Its actual fear we're talking about here.
You get reelected if you pass the test.
Tatar is lennin
Neuschwanstein Castle
There are other reasons too but these are the main ones
Turkey is the country with most arrested journalists
The only Bosniak in CHP that I'm aware of was Birgül Ayman Güler and she quit the party few years ago
They change the examination system for getting into high schools and universities on pretty much a yearly basis at this point.
Its pretty good
Kurds in Syria is known by supporting PKK
Can I be a part of your family
I probably wouldn't have known about it if it weren't posted here.
they're taking revenge
The children mostly don’t have two names even in that case though they choose the one legally but use both names
Interesting
That sucks but isn't that the university's fault
There are muslim counterparts of far right christians you see in this sub who want to convert everything they see into mosques but nobody wants to destroy them.
and it all started with greek adventure in asia minor following WWI
My dad claims to speak English, but I know the extent of his skills and believe me it's not very impressive, I assume it's the same with most other countries
Turkey
News websites usually call it Pfizer-Biontech: example [1] [2] [3]
I'm jealous of all these leaders you guys have doing normal human things
Stop trying to make it look like there is a race or culture called European
Whenever I see this map I think of Alan Turing and get sad
I dunno man seems like robbery to me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh wow
Erdogan’s dreams make him loose voters
Lies
Far right surge in EU, potentially increasing anti-EU rhetoric
We did it Reddit
In the wrong neighborhood you can get hospitalized for kicking a cat
You mean Bulgaria and Greece, you know, our neighbours
She doesn't have a point, this is flat out populism
Yeah, they had a crazy mayor
Ne10
AKP got 40% in June 2015, and 49.5% in November, so no, its not the majority of the Turkish people.
what profit are you talking about?
Can Poland into space now
Personally I haven't discussed my salary since I started making much more than the average wage and my friends who also make much more than the average dont either
Yeah this will be the one for Sweden
Turkey is more obese then Britian
Fascist is not land piece
Istanbul's center is all historic
But for sure, if Turkey would be more weaker than now, then Peshmerga could be a real threat for us
Especially since he should have gun he's used to kill the driver with.
Born, grown up and living in Germany.
Ne10
Mine is merely a personal observation, of course
The world is going mad
“Orkid” sometimes used for pad
Here is why I think 2000 year old Pantheon is more fascinating than 4500 year old pyramids.
Eh, I still thought it was funny.
At least the Turkish pirate party promises these
Luvia IT
Not exactly a happy marriage but it could be managed, considering we far outnumber them and I don't think the relations are as bad as say, Greece or Armenia
[Hey Onbeşli] Story behind is that when 15 years old kids went to front line in Çanakkale(Gallipoli) as a soldier
Might aswell include Bulgaria and Macedonia too then, for maximum effect.
We were on the streets when Erdogans police beat and killed peacefull protesters in 2013 and we're not silent now.
Hell, it's not walkable *at daytime*. In Yenimahalle
What you emphasise in the sentence changes based on the order
It's unnatural to get this much support in such short time anyways
Any citizen with connection to government is spending our taxes as in their private life
I know you use some sauces (sauces are no no) but
Because of a long standing agreement between the two countries, German teachers are paid from Germany and graduates can also go to German universities.
I'm not from EU but congrats
you couldn't help undercutting your own argument by claiming that any smart and educated person would know that it is the only factor.
I guess we're talking about the same sound
Same in Turkish, "o" means he, she and it
Yes I actually discovered their Turkish course first when I was bored and decided to see how do people learn Turkish lol
New Finnish Nationalist Right Wing Party Candidate
(cries in Turkish)
Send help
How do you think they would manage to do that without a decent administrative system?
He inherited much of the problems but he created much of them.
If you don’t have computer, company gives you one(not personally own but you can work in the company)
we already have 7 million refugees(world record)
American shaman : Invades capitol because he believes in Qanon and Donald Fucking Trump
Thank you
What are they eating over there ?
Where is the turkey ,  bitch  !
> Population doesn't make for a good country
Even if we fought for years, i always saw Greece as our brother, kind of like a sibling rivalry
*(if i can consider georgia as my country)* [mcdonalds] [in batumi] ate once there, i have to admit that the place makes you wanna eat there
This is Hellception
Secularism alone is not enough to transfor a society.
Cons: Erdoğan
No war will happen, its like, people have forgotten what war is, getting bloodthirsty so easily.
Most graduates can't even find a job in their field
Yeah should have put a Arab in sweden
The elite don't, they are calculating how much more shit they can sell to that consumption based economy next year.
When it is not actually available in Turkey : (
It's more of a lunch food for us
Huh, that's funny to think about, since it's like really really common.
I have no idea
[This shit is though] I wonder how many upvotes it has, since it's not visible yet.
He's on the way to his own downfall
They won't have a problem with their sons drinking and screwing around but they will imprison their daughters in their homes and try to marry them off to some guy she barely knows.
Kadıköy is a lot better than Dubai, though
We call India 'Hindistan' which means Turkeyland [Turkeyception]
And some people say that the borders of the city should be like the Batman symbol
Before visiting Norway, I had very high expectations
English bcz the original is always better
I guess the Turkish "eşkıya" who were some kind of bandits, although they also usually did vigilantism in areas without law&order
Over 24 hours now
The more far it gets from sea, the more desolated it becomes
Much of the newly adopted words from that era (1930s) were accepted by the public, and some were left unused
In science, it depends on the person speaking
There's a meme about Turkish education in Turkey: we're the only country in the world with 8 years of mandatory English lessons, and still can't teach kids how to speak English beyond "Hav ar yu"
French positions shot at in Syria?
I especially wonder about Moskvichs
They beat themselves up when they realise their treason against our glorious supreme leader.
without a doubt
Genocide is real but it doesn't excuse this blatant incorrect map
[This is what Turkey would have] if the war of independence wouldn't have happened or was a failure.
That's a classic Almancı bluff.
Great, how is any of that Turkish leverage against the EU?
Can Europe sue America, specifically the American Republican party
We're able to defend ourself
There is a reason that group literally didn't beat anybody just marched on street
What's up with Bursa having that single highest live on the map
Mount and Blade series
But I did all these things because I have a flair for them.
Aged 21 and I don't remember I have gone once
They disguised as progressives when they first came to power
This whole operation could have been solved in 2012 when Turkey suggested a Safe Zone right before mass immigration started
Didnt read kuran but ready to die for his religion, doesnt know anything about economy, but %100 sure that europe is jealous with our budget
Yeah weird thing is it’s used by both sexes lol
Probably closer to early 20th Century Europe level.
Greekkkkkkkkk i love y'all
I don't like living and yes, low incomes due to taxes and our money valuse is so low compared to 10 years ago, if it was like 10 years ago, I would consider it but now no
In fact not an entirely insignificant number of them were fleeing to Mexico from what is now US territory.
Hey man, a Turk here
We had our special meme genre and template called *caps* in 2010s. It was basically a red bar under the image and some text
But intercourse or STD, in my opinion, is not that this age to learn about
Someone get me out of this country Jesus Christ..
No it is Constantinapole huehueheuheuheu
How are they culturally denied of self expression.
This and a few other things make it very difficult for me ti support Capitalism
There are words for and “and so on” and “etc” like “benzeri(depends on the sentence)” and “falan”. “Yemek memek” is to represent something you can eat but doesn’t specify like a full meal or snack or sandwich etc
Thank god in Turkey there are heavily anti-government and leftist newspapers still operating in Turkey like sözcü and cumhuriyet
In Canada, I realized most people did not cover their mouths when yawning
My grandparents were among those who got persecuted and chased out of their HOMELAND, all their properties seized and their rights revoked.
'Turk' was even an insulting term when used on an Ottoman noble
Turkey is the most tea consuming country in the world
Can confirm, am flooding the UK come september.
He probably can't understand why he's still a virgin.
Ottoman
Surpassing a religious people caused to elect Erdogan  government
Horde is from ordu, which means army.
Can someone explain what's going on here
when i think back i think it's stupid but it's kinda reasonable since i was 13 with no guided teacher whatsoever
Yeah you should have protected someone who was the leader of a terrorist organization...
That's just kuşbaşı pide lol
You should start thanking to Usa and their allies than.
I mean, aside from the whole dictatorship thing, we have a lot in common with the Greeks.
Cunku, konustuklari konu ile ilgili hic bir sey bilmiyor bu ucuncu kisi
Of course a unification would be great but it won't happen due to 2 things first one being "politics" and the second one being the fact that we don't live on a planet where there's no such thing as discrimination
This whole operation could have been solved in 2012 when Turkey suggested a Safe Zone right before mass immigration started
000 people including civillian kurds such as başbağlar massacre
So you can definitely find schools that uses them but it’s out of the ordinary
I haven't met a single person that were dumb enough to fall for the "no side are terrorist" crap, the government even retracted that pretty quickly.
On weekdays before work, but on weekends when we have this type of breakfast, any time when everyone is awake, but generally before noon, there's no hurry.
There are about 400.000 Turks in Netherlands, which makes about 2.4% of the population.
The song should be, also "Zitti e buoni" is currently in the list for Italy, but it can change
no developed nation has this stray problem
I’m not sure if the process it that long usually but I’d love to make them in a shorter time cause I get excited to eat them as soon as possible
In rallies his facial expression towards his supporters is sometimes like "you fucking retards, I can rape your mother and you'll still worship me right
To my friends, yes
Yeah, being relevant is highly overrated.
oh why Turkey
Greeks
Turkish, Azerbaijani and Turkmen are from the Oghuz branch of the Turkic language family so communicating is a bit easier than Kazakh
It was very clear voice actors had a hard time
As a fellow citizen I thought you already knew this
Such a place would obviously just be a place to hold the headquarters and their money in their own central banks free from taxes
but especially with local insturments: [Cem Karaca & Mogollar - Obur Dunya]
Weird people those are
It is clear we are losing as humanity
But, idk if the unification happens
Europe is punishing itself by it's low birthrates.
About one of every two guys you meet smokes basically.
You got it
i talk with my erdogan-fan uncle today, he says he's fully supporting erdogan.
Carry water and food for you and your compariots and don’t forget gas masks and eye protection even sunglasses are good
\+ Just make more land
I would assume people who are against homosexuals receiving the same rights as them would be the ones behind the discrimination though
After all of that virus bullshit
[Soma mine disaster] (2014) was a huge tragedy in our history
He was going on about "combating the 'parallel government' (Gülenists)" for two years prior.
I didn't expect them to like us, i just stated that Turkey does not act hostile towards Bulgaria
Even the stuff he said are mistranslated.
I like seeing all countries ridiculed, including my own
Breathtakingly beautiful country
We became muslims thanks to the Chinese
edit: serbia wasnt in the warsaw pack my bad
On the bright side, they didn't accidentally book their ticket back home to Chechnya instead of Czech Republic.
edit: BTW we call Lucky Luke 'Red Kit' for some reason I don't know
So "uçak düştü" means "the plane fell down" in Turkey, but it's "the plane landed" in Azerbaijan
damn dude lol
Shops specifically for Polish stuff is pretty rare if not non existent (in a lot of places)
Uzbek / Turkmen - 50%/60%
My visit to Germany was heaven
He's the chief economic adviser to the president (not PM/cabinet) and is the shitposter of those advisers.
it means 'homeland' in turkish.
Kebab is not a sandwich its a way of preparing meat Döner which is a type of meat,between two breads is a sandwich
It was like Bombay 20 years ago.
They remained commonplace in rural Turkey until the 1940s when finally stamped out by the gendarmerie
İç - drink, inside
University is where 18-24 year olds are taught to hate themselves
Thanks for the reply
I think expat means someone who works in a foreign country but doesn't plan on staying there on the long term whereas immigrants are permanent residents .
Otherwise why would he need to ally with MHP to get the constitution change put on a referendum?
Nakhchivan: Am I a joke to you
Istanbul: two continents, head of two empires, too many people, too many mosques
If skyscrapers were a sign of development, believe me, Istanbul would be the best place in the world to live
[I found a map] and a [wiki page] Wikipedia also tells me Turkey has
And in the news reporter said that people are shouting nazım's verses
These people are so retarded that they would throw grey wolves signs yet highly support islamist Erdogan until their deaths.
> What's wrong with "old" and "men"?
It's not a Turkish word, its a phonetic transcription of *zeitung* in Turkish and I would say it doesn't really mean anything other than sounding a bit funny in Turkish.
If agreement not succeed again, World will see Turkey sending troops as aggression so with current international stage would make Turkey loose all EEZ right that it claimed
I am familiar with how it works.
Trying to rule people while using religion is very easy.These schools taught people many things and wanted to educate them but people like Mendere didn't want it to happen.Menderes and people like him damaged Turkey a lot.He and some other land lords blocked land reform,tried to send army to schools,provoked people against Turkish greeks and tried to make Turkey an American puppet(And when he tried to move closer to Ussr same Americans who supported him took him down.)
Not much actually
Not neo nazi type but yeah the guys who think you will rape every single female in their countries when you are darker than them.
Greece, I believe
Didn't know that Lenin is a stereotypical criminal in SSSR
At the end of the day not buying but making your own will be more profitable in the long turn
Around 2.000.000 Ottoman soldiers were killed as a result of the war (with the exception of Sarıkamış, where 60.000 Ottoman soldiers died due to hypothermia).
It has become something like a meme here.
Jewish Mother
Yes, Turkey has right to protect its people, same for Greece
The light green color is representing the coherent Area
It utterly shocked me how slow the bureaucracy was in France
To be honest as a Turk who doesn't vote for Erdoğan I am I dony believe he cheats even though if he is it is just limited number of votes.
Maybe father is the cook and she does him
The topic of "Who lives here before" is first and dangerous road to nationalism.
Why
Company Phone (usually for SMS and Talk with limited amount of internet access)
It is, lol
H is /h/ as in hot
Ohhh perfect
In Turkey, Official name is Hollanda
You can't stop them but take precautions
Plus, as one of the commenters pointed out, there is no asian identity like there is for European
When we say "Turkey is for Turks", we don't mean people who are racially Turkish.
Teleporting the countries to another dimension and complaining about xenophobia.
I don’t like Erdogan
Kyrgyz / Kazakh - 20%-25%
He is also one of the most cited economists in the world.
Even less so with voice acting
In fact I'd argue the next Italian leader to enjoy a long reign won't be a very nice individual.
No surprise, it happened in AKP era.
Trump is an actor among many others
She seems super cool
Mostly yes
I heard that Amsterdam has a flag
Don’t shop in Every Souvenir Store (Don’t but anything in first souvenir store you see because you might end up getting Chinese ones which there are at same price as local shops with nice hand carving or handmades)
That escalated rather quickly, Erdogan already had the popular vote and after the coup, he became a God Emperor.
Because we are not living in a movie, yes we do
This looks depressing
Other than just enjoy it
Keep in mind that not all green dots represent an Armenian majority
Welp gonna stop there because I think you are trolling me.
Most people don't know it's where heroin comes from
I see the worlds longest running butthurt is still going.
On demand abortion became de facto legal in the 1960s (if you went to a hospital for on demand abortion doctors would write a bullshit health excuse in the papers to not cause problems).
Suleimani was the most powerful military figure in Iran and declared as a war hero by the Islamists in 90s. Now they are talking about a retaliation(s) against this act
There was also a landmass where the Aegean is
I see this dialogue at least twice in different shows/movies
Wanted to know if it includes "germanic or german" word in it
It is a museum, a shrine of learning and culture.
Out of the loop
After the contest, she got into severe depression
they've already cased more damage to US foreign image than probably any other US.
Leave it as it is, kill stray dogs, turn shelters into kil shelters: you need to choose between one of these because another option is not economically feasible
Aww
In both cases, only the perpetrators died(but several were injured.)
How come %3  British don't know about Ireland ?
Turkish Tea on the other hand is served in a curvy glass and it has more of reddish color
They provide an excuse, usually: 1.
Cons: İnfulation , meats is very expensive , 1€=6₺,
So one doesn't feel more European or Asian, one feels everything together
They work around 40-48 hours a week
And say "Ooo, Turk bad
I think it's an exaggeration to call the FPÖ Nazis.
"ananın amına teletabinin antenlerini sokar göbeğindeki televizyondan ulusal porno yayını yaparımananı özgürlük heykelinin yanmayan meşalesinde siker şehri duman ederimhollywood bulvarında donla gezen ananın amına topuklu ayakkabı sokayımananı ikiz kulelerinin yedinci katına cıkartır amına uçakla girerim
The cost of the plane ticket acts as a visa.
Apparently some people even put yogurt in döner
My mom has gotten used to it to the point she starts mocking with gibberish sounds
There is not most hated but we can give a list
Ah, in Turkish we use it for someone who doesn't deserves to be there
who has ever returned a loanword?
There were news where this slapping went too far and the groom had to go to a hospital
We can both teach each other a trick or two
>Making fun of the German president (not chancellor) is being punished
>  I still think Erdogan is a bad leader besides that though, seeing how "well"  Turkey's economy is doing
According to Al Jazeera, at least 15 police officers are dead.
But everyone can understand Istanbul Turkish which is the main dialect of Turkish
Christmas is per definition religious, it's the celebration of the the birth of Jesus.
Oh and, not an avid tea drinker
I wish you could send her over to us when you're done, like a retiring football player
Like it is his last hope
I could give an even more absurd example from Turkey
For Georgia i have used these 2 maps
Most recently though, he didn't like the results of the Istanbul election as the opposition won by a very slight difference in votes
you have some explaining to do
ah yes good ol garagardoa
Fascists are stronger together..
At least those commentaries are not coming from some jabroni on a random Youtube channel.
its not like he is an openly islamist.
Wow that's a lot of no votes
He had to win a "referendum" and an "election" before he could get those powers
Bonus: **Peyk** is not such a well known modern rock band but this [Don Kafa Don] is my favorite and I also love the video
You can ask every single opposer or AKP supporter in Turkey "Are Gulenists Islamist
The fifth and sixth pictures grabbed my attention
Neither of them represents the average Kurdish person.
Lmao that's the worst argument I've seen for this topic.
Old Turkic states, Islamic political history, Islamic Turkic States, Seljuks, Ottomans and the Republic of Turkey
But I didn't, thinking in any case Europe is better than staying in Turkey.
japanese doesnt have R or L sounds
And this is why you are not a fair comparison to Sweden.
Yes kind of
An economic crisis is ahead of us, if Erdogan wins an election even after that I will officially start hating this country.
Then people go one by one depending how long it will take them to go back
It is the parents' responsibility to keep the child behaving
Fucking Poles, they had like 1 good moment and it had to be against us.
I know, but it's true in so many countries it has to be right.
Note: I am not the original source for the map and neither is my friend who had sent me this
But it was an European one)
They can stay in an underground room for thousands of years
That's why i prefer Head Of State it sounds less, significant...
If it is the latter, what are some relatively painless ways of dying
Just wow
Article 4 Says article 1,2,3 can’t be changed but you can change article 4 then change article 1,2,3
We don’t have that
If you know Turkish, you can easily find them.
The trend makes me think that if Crusade of Varna was successful, Byzantine Empire might've turned against PLC later on.
Like he thinks:" What will I have for dinner tonight *biting nails*, pizza or wafels
I have online lessons 5 days a week, and about 2-3 hours a day
Life isn't black and white
( plus islamist people )
chile
What is wrong with the police this is their own people what are they doing
"Can you pack the remains
Der angriff Steiner war ein befehl
Everybody to the bunkers we've got a missile hit
But there was still an Armenian community left in Karabakh/Artsakh, Ganja, Semaxka, as well as in Absheron
The kurdish people of turkey can be educated and integrated to the society by a land reform and unifiyng policy
I know it is very difficult to pronounce a word correctly
Keeping this kind of laws is not only incredibly stupid but also dangerous for some situations like this.
Okay, are Turks especially violent or something?
An unforgetable and really sad day
Akp members attacking people to gain nationalistic votes for referandum...F.cking c.nts is doing everything to create an enemy for presidental referandum.
did these events traumatize you
Ne cahil milletiz amk,ondan sonra Europe bize niye sövüyor
It is probably the most famous Turkish tune if you exclude "Misirlou".
I tought France was one of the best at that
Domestic cats' original habitat is Anatolia, Turkey and today you can see cats everywhere you go indoors and outdoors
They have a lot of women MPs and even two co-leaders, one of which is a woman.
Look at all of the happy Europeans here, not worried about Net Neutrality
I studied in Łódź as an exchange student and my experience was marvellous
After their European allies goaded Greek troops into pursuing their claims under the [Treaty of Sèvres
It is the greatest roadblock against AKP's Islamism that's why relgious nutjobs hate it that much.
A Muslim country without nationalism will fall into Islamism.
Congrats
When Gülenists [uncovered some large corruption cases and started an investigation] they were stamped as traitors, and the government started going after them.
Hell I'd go even further and try to produce full indigenous products but Erdogan keeps jailing scientists
And therefore very gorgeous
Simplifying ancient history and then getting progresively more detailed
The far right is actively supported by foreigners and for instance it's very well known for this case, it's crystal clear.
I couldn't hear it clearly and now I can't access the video
He also started a anti-terror war in Syria .Seems like people will support him for a long time .
Varies, mostly **α.**
Can you at least try to understand rather than debating for the sake of debating
Which country/countries have the most aesthetic borders ?
Just buy the media and make them just compliment your work
Same, a family of 4 in turkey consumes at least 6 breads  a day
They did not see the Big Bang or evolution happening
The gap between the U.K. and the rest of Europe however does exist
You can be jailed 4 year max for insulting the president.
He does not accuse the AKP and MHP voters of being terrorists, for instance, while Melih Gökçek tweets the opposition being terrorists wholesale
\- ........
Shoulder and knee
” to ask me how long will it take me to get out
It’s unbelievable how much influence China gained during his rule while it was literally one of his focuses to stop them
During the first night after the marriage, where the couple is expected make love; the groom's male friends slap him in the back before he enters the house/bedroom to somehow motivate the poor guy
Very Good
With that kind of mentality you'll never win a war in the Third World.
our population growth massively decreased in the last decade and avarage birth rate is 1.5 kids in western part (most populated part) of the country.
Your head of state is literally appointed by god to look over you.
- keee jeggg fooou eyn pakkk gröooghghghd marlboro
It would've been in there if not for Erdoğan and his jihadist bffs.
/u/mortalaa is on a propaganda spree to prove that Turkey is not that bad.
We dislike Iran and Saudi Arabia too, you’re not alone
Well, in theory, we are still secular
As for the Halki seminary, I agree it is held in hostage but such is life in Turkey.
The reason is that when our current prime minister was first elected he was amazing but he definitely got corrupt over time
as a Turk yes it is true
The only thing I wouldn't accept is that your employer knows your affiliation
Yeah it's unexpected isn't it, Bahçeli is normally known as the pinnacle of humanism in Turkey.
-once a week check out the bowls of neighbourhood cats, if empty fill with food (anything edible, those bastards don’t pick food)
If the Greek police finds it okay to arrest someone for taking pictures of a street lamp or a dock, I don't know what to say.
Step 1: steal shit
Pretty risky to stand right next to him
Turkey fought and won a war for Lausanne.
Any proof
I don't think Greek politicians are actually afraid that Turkish tanks will appear at the borders some day.
Obviously, Qatar (or the GCC in general) is not the best place in the world to be an immigrant worker in construction, but that article sounds extremely biased with exaggerated numbers and questionable sources
What happens when the Spanish government stops receiving money from the northeast of Spain
Hagi, Popescu, Lucescu
Tırreks/Kekos:For those who have no brain due to excessive usage of drugs
Happy heart attack day !
If he had, the empire would never have even joined the WWI.
or rather it was until recently since it got rigged
Apart from online courses, you can put videos, documents, tests, tasks etc
Go play with your fucking grandkids already, leave people alone
Yeah weird thing is it’s used by both sexes lol
As a Turk I don't agree with that but I can see why some would
Pronunciation: Sin-job, words in english is the closes you can get as pronunciation in Turkish
Arguing that this was necessary for the independence of Bulgaria (which the Russians somehow got involved into) is pretty much equal to me arguing that the massacres against Armenians was necessary for the Turkish War of Independence (which actually has nothing to do with Armenians).
Believe that over hundred people woman and man are searching for a race to kill, where its known Turkish people are not known with terrorism acts
I don't know if you're joking but the notion that taqiyya is something special or separate from plain-old deceit is largely unfounded.
One of our previous PMs, Süleyman Demirel defended them by saying "Close them?
Interesting
Also we have mixed spices for sauce as well which is usually enough
\-edit- .[G.O.R.A.] you can try this one, it is from 2004
TBH Huns are considered as a tribal confederacy rather than a Turkish state
You're being irredentist yourself while pointing out to Turkish irredentism.
While Izmir (the 3rd biggest city) has on high demand because it's smaller city than İstanbul with more secular population compare to rest of the country
Two countries, one nation
I feel less ashamed of Turkey now.
First name and last name with the middle name being the name of the father(if he is absent it can be the mother’s name)
Any Turk who can read Arabic alphabet will see basic names like Avrupa, Bahr-ul Hint etc
Most of the other stuff about Sex ED was together in the class
Unpopular opinion: If Cyprus unites, violence will start again which probably will cost even more lives
Especially considering that you also believe someone stating Homer was likely born in what is now Western Turkey is claiming that he is Turkish
Rulers begin to bring everything that isn't in Istanbul to Istanbul from the newly conquered territories
In my city
Does Russia care about Norway though ?
Obviously, I can’t say anything about it in public because of the police, but it sucks
Ah le I checked few polls so I'm expert on muslims and islam guy.
The only surprise was that Nazis attacked earlier than they thought
Well to be fair we don't exactly recognize Cyprus.
Nearly all of Turks live in cities but some cities are very bad and doesn't have cultural activities.
5 richters
Erdogan supporters are always acts like they are the most religious ones
There are documentaries of the incident if your stomach can handle
Why
There is nothing wrong with having a large strong army to protect yourself and your allies.
Good job Erdogan you just did the biggest PKK propaganda of the century.
Good thing is, the years of lawlessness and government oppression have "radicalized" the opposition parties for the better
We say *pisi pisi* to cats when we call them
Our language is better because Turkish is gender neutral
[Here is the document in question.]
If not, Athens
Pro gamer move
Turned out they were recording whole office talks but forgot 700 gb recording on the office laptop accidentally, they were asking office people whether they like Erdogan or not, or if coup was staged, to further blackmail them to take them in or replace them with another gulenist person
It is the official regulatory body of the Turkish language
lol like it matter he won't touch the nukes.
I think this was the last terrorist attack happening in Europe so far
But yeah, put a potato or something.
Second:
I wish people wouldn't use so many acronyms.
We can't hold up bigoted and ignorant beliefs like "if you visit Turkey you're supporting Erdoğan". We have to go meet all peoples, talk to all peoples and engage with all peoples in this beautiful age of global travel & communications
The fuck kinda döner do you people eat
None, but I believe it will pass with ease.
I thought it was tomorrow
Glad it wasn't something like that.
7-Iran
The only surprise was that Nazis attacked earlier than they thought
Avusturya-Macaristan
Ooo a nice burn
i think what makes this sub at least functional for a Turk like myself is the low subcount
That's not what Muslims believes
However I find this ridiculous.
Why Putin Would Want the Cyprus Talks to Fail
Ankara is pretty much at the center of Turkey
Oh shit, just opened the thread to do that, and called out by top comment :D
the 10% idiots, .01% psychopaths, and 89
The closest I can get is this:
220, 208
The world-political cousin of Buzzfeed.
Especially before the Discover of America part
Swim - Face - Hundred - Shear, all of them is "yüz" in Turkish
And do you know if it has a name?
The similarity comes more from religion and less from language and mutual history(in the case of Slavs) though.
That’s not the first one in Eastern Europe since the one in Istanbul was opened in 1986
Any respectable party would have kicked out their members who support this.
Normally it lasts around a week, worst case 2-3 days
You can't break that cycle because it's the essence of nations
Coincidentally that guy absolutely hates monkeys for some reason
But the thing is that Ataturk and his ideals are not thought well enough to the people
I havent see anyone unironically supporting the examples you gave but i know some religious people who dont believe in evolution
I think they would have been the least worrisome.
Norway being mvp for 9 years straight
They are the only military force not directly controlled by military high command
Their political state is also "generous to themselves/to their own wealthy, super cheap with helping others
Populism just works around here, especially power tripping populism.
Riight, not normal Turks or Kurds though.
For some reason majority of trouble maker asylum seekers in europe are from maghreb countries....
Her screams make the song unbearable
It is and actual independent country for me and you whether your country recognise it or not
In 10th it was an actual Sex ED anything you need to know about(only separate one and was detailed one with you can ask any question)
That is some *EUROPEAN* unity right there
This is anglo saxon secularism, separation of church (organized religion) and state.
Çomars are using this shit to call Berkin a terrorist all over so I assumed you were one.
Turkey was communist
Is there a threshold in Holland or wuold a party with 0,67% win one seat?
It was big no-no in high school though
we don't know about those things either lol
6 = altı
Says the Brit the irony is of the charts.
Our internal affairs are also a mess
Istanbul: two continents, head of two empires, too many people, too many mosques
History class covers everything from First Civilizations all the way to the World Wars, but not very detailed
They probably forgot it.By the way if they add a lot of spices to your Kokoreç it probably means it isn't very clean and it tastes like shit.
I see some cold front hitting in around a week
My parents can't do it but I can
Why is it that a lot of the Muslims they let in are the radical ones
Or something closer
Strangely enough I can still access 4chan and pretty much everything else from Bilkent (My University), except for Wikipedia which I need a vpn for
Most people straight up have no knowledge at all
Sometimes we call " Hassiktir" but as far as I know it has no meaning :)
Where did I say there is no racism?
I see you are a man of culture as well
Poor souls
Every year my friends and i visit the christmas market in my town for an hour or two and then do a movie marathon.
He dies in modern day Algeria
So I'm expecting for a swift recovery
AfD voter LOL, yeah about that...
Turkey experienced that in WW2
But most people take it anyway because It's an easy subject and it increases your average test results
Turks originate from middle east
**Copy pasting the OC's description from source:**
No other population on this planet
I believe it varies depending on the region, but I know it applies for South Western dialects
The story told here is that Sultan Abdulmecid decides to send 10
Istanbul is literally europe I thought that was accepted even by even you guys.
In Turkey, the steps are usually same as other countries.
Even a majority of his voters don’t really support him
Do you have autonomy in Romania such as education in mother tongue
Technically there are more people voting against him than for him but you've got a point, no one can say it's safe here with a straight face.
I guess
It’s my favourite season but it’s hard to enjoy it when you’re cooked up at home because of pandemic
Especially with all that nuclear fallout and stuff.
Can Russia war against Turkey on Turkish border
It’s like a part of Istiklal street from early 00’s.
Barzo
Stonehenge
Lies
"40 YAPAR" -Devlet Bahçeli
If an actual war started things would be much different.
In rural areas, the list expands to deer, fox, bear, hedgehog, wild boar, hare, snake, mouse, grey wolf, birds of prey etc
As I said, some of these could be as far as Swiss German and Icelandic
Are you serious
Have fun fitting them somewhere on the new euro coins .
But you must deserve in the first place
How much money are airlines losing over this
Why are you helping Erdogan Europe?
But yeah, suggesting they're "forced" to wear it is a legitimate trigger, so long as people are free wear what they like
But there's much more at stake in a Turkish election.
There are lots of gulen movement members overseas too.
I'm pretty sure we'll be rid of erdoboy in the next election
Just want to avoid post war, commie vs fascist stuff.
Makes no sense
You would quickly see the differences when you compare it with the english one
The Brits can relax now, Americans are now officially the punching bag again.
English: Variously shaped dough products such as penne, linguini and so on
About French, yeah actually
(20 tl was found in his pocket, equal to 2€) There are many more
ALMOST EVERYTHING CHANGED
As far as I know, only the Greek patriarchy in Istanbul recognized that claim
Not a lot of movies I've watched feature Turkey but the ones that do treat us like either
You were always okay with him as long as it fit you
Katana made up to cut flesh but Longsword designed to fight againts heavy armors.
He should have done the same to Kurds, what they're doing today is a good example to why Greeks were deported.
This looks extremely arbitrary like Baltics central Europe
Serbia isnt
The Ottoman governance considered Turks to be peasants in their borders and didn't even speak Turkish
I would say it’s more than Armenia
Fair point, my apologies : )  thanks
” roughly translation is “where djinni(think as a devil) plays with a ball
Indeed, since I'm not the one who could shoot legally.
Who wouldn't be proud of an [Angora bunny]
Imgur and Reddit aren't blocked, but i.imgur and i.redd
It's got a vastly different interior to the Hagia Sophia (It's much prettier and more impressive, IMO)
Tallest and widest suspension bridge in Europe - Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge - Istanbul / Turkey
For gods sake we didn't - uh well um ^walks ^away
Though we do have one tiny desert around Konya that even has proper sand dunes.
Constantinople is simply Fatih district of current Istanbul
It doesn’t even trigger anynone, it’s just annoying
>Islamic states do treat women less, stop pretending they're not
Serbs, Bosnians, Romanians, Bulgarians.
Most unstable part of our country
So boys left for girls to learn, girls left for boys to learn
I don't want this ideology to grow in Europe, we liberals see the west as a safe haven from religious bigotry.
People in Northern Cyprus have Cyprus/UK passports so they're fine
Imagine being assigned to protect some rainbow chalk
Oh i forgot about Azerbaijan
And there are waaaay more iPhones out there now
At - throw, horse
You must learn the parts that you add to the ending of the words
He just uses populism and majority of population does not want to join EU.
Nobody speaks Scots
fun fact: all of turkey's neighbours use non-latin alphabets
It’s hard to compose 5 hours worth of material into 1
Armenians are trying to play "victims" while actively invading Azerbaijani land
Never trust opinion polls, I don't think there is a single one in Turkey that hasn't got some kind of bias.
Or they were just trying to trigger me.
I think it's because they are jealous of our new bridge, there can't be any other explanation.
I agree
I guess it's because we have smaller eyes and more round face structure
Yeah they are Turkish
Problem is, PKK/PYD acting in Turkey/Syria are not on the same page with Iraq Kurdistan (Barzani) Turkey tries to hit PYD in Syria because same weapons/fighters will act in Turkey for sure.
I participated in gezi protests read before writing a wall of text.
You seem to have confused what I said about pop records with some kind of endorsement that the refugees are being truthful or honest.
Yeah I learned this yesterday when people spammed "Turkish population in the Netherlands 400k, Dutch Army 20k, we'll conquer that place!!1" on Twitter.
I'm a pretty tidy and careful person, so you wouldn't have a problem with it if I stormed a really messy guy's apartment, beat him and stole his shit because it'll be safer and last longer with me
Even we secular Turks are tired of Europeans hating on us by now.
This shows the why it is high due to there were anti-AKP posts
İs Putain Come From Collaborator Pétain
So a westerner wouldn't understand our language or even a westener speaks Turkish, still wouldn't understand the specific/complicated expressions/conversations
The 5% is when somebody uses a very old Ottoman Turkish, Persian, or Arabic-related
I chose the band for my list the real question is which song
> about Turkeys army in Syria
Adana, south eastern turkey, mostly populated by immigrants
I was in Vienna these days last year, it is nice to see the city again even if it is on the TV :)
Shit religion Islam though, I'm all for resurrecting Tengrism.
What about Metaxas
Eh, Cumhuriyet is one of the more journalistic newspapers
And his supporters are out of mind
This is also why they were not considered as Armenians by the Ottoman government and stayed in their villages
my body cant stand anymore of this cringe filled country
Laïcité is the best
Balkan people aren't as dark as Western Euros think
[Kantaka]
They’re so cute
We sometimes refer to it as “ayak yolu (foot way)” but I wouldn’t call it poetical
türkiii besttttt
(Europe is collapsed,their money is worthless,no etcihal values,etc
That guy looks painfully Finnish.
Relevant [cartoon] of Turkish man explaining to Obama how he's not really in charge of the US, but Rothschilds and Rockerfellers are.
You can't even compare the genocides, plus we are not currently genociding people like them.
a lot of people drive junkers and honestly i have no idea how they pass the inspection
I've also visited Bruges and Brussels, but Ghent was the one I enjoyed most.
Is this real
They abduct civilian buildings and reduce them to rubble through scorched earth tactics, and kill Kurdish civilians who disagree with their methods.
That's already happening, people who buy property for more than $250,000 automatically receive citizenship, and since wealthy Arabs love buying houses in Turkey it leads to some neighborhoods in Istanbul and many places in Black Sea region to look like Saudi Arabia - nobody speaks Turkish, even shop signs and whatnot are all in Arabic
They only wish him fall because of his foreign politics, which is not affecting negatively turkish people
In terms of modern literature, there is  the "Kuva-yı Milliye" epic written by Nazım Hikmet, and the "Gallipoli Epic"
Wish he lived to see a trial
a (â) b c ç d e f g ğ h ı i j k l m n o ö p r s ş t u ü v y z
At least that's the theory for parliamentary democracies.
We are observing a real chess play going on against France, Greece, Cyprus, Egypt, Saudis and UAE in Libya civil war
They have gambling, a big tourism industry, etc
Amazing channel if you want to discover 70s rock music
Same, a family of 4 in turkey consumes at least 6 breads  a day
Erdogan and AKP will turn this in to ''Foreign Powers are afraid of us-They don't want a strong Turkey''.
As a Turk, it didn't surprise me at all.
Woaw That is great to have friends like that
Economical Sanctions will increase problem much more to be sure
You heard this person, Now(!), where didn’t we raid
And the first think the absolute ignorant cunts asks: `well, what was she wearing
Turkiye sounds too Persian to my ears, if I could I'd change the Turkish name to "Türkeli" anyhow
I see you are a man of culture as well
The Count of Monte Cristo is the best book I’ve ever read
I guess he thought all Muslims were Arabs and all Arabic places are deserts?
I explained why they will never beat AKP.
You can make to “Yedi kedi yedi” (Seven cats have eaten-this or that-)
İstanbul for history, religions skyscrapers and modernism
Why dont you guys ask about our opinion of erdogan?
We also have this as turks; Bird massacare with one stone
And it looks like we are in form right now, so we will lose against Wales and Swiss :D and draw against Italy
Do you ride camels in Europe
It is actually useful to have a well-known language in the world
Whether a people is cruel or oppressed, the right to self-determination cannot be usurped
Exam on Monday, let's reschedule then.
Turkey is not a desert-covered country
Also, experience in crashing the Greek economy is a huge plus here
When I saw the girl, I immediately said she's Turkish
Not letting Turkey in is reasonable membership talks exist to determine whether the candidate ready to become a member or not in the first place.
Turkey's and TC's demands are not the same.
I confuse eight and six, because six is “altı” and eight is “sekiz” which sounds like six in my native language
But I should try "German" Döner if I visited Germany for a good comparison and seeing the differences
An article on wikipedia said that 2016 coup was a self-coup(is this the correct thing to say
Those two were puppets of the U.S.
Honestly, I've seen both
Wow, this is great information
Why did you mention the USSR in the title?
That turkish independence war was also a civil war
Because of the events leading up to Cyprus intervention.
Greece and Russia
The problem isn't not being able to access it.
He says "Do not forget Aleppo, do not forget Syria.
Of course,you can put it off by joining university but I believe it's necessary in here since we border some interesting countries(Syria,Iraq,Iran,Armenia)
I'd rather say it used to be pretty much similar to the others described here, can't say it for today
There is no bad blood between them.
Sultan 6
Interesting
Never seen any other deck irl
What are these processes that can't be reverted later?
(Many were still killed/force migrated even though they have been converted)
tbh
as a turk
Someone must educate Slovenes about languages and humor.
Additionally around %6 of the country wants it to remain secular.
Of course
They see nation states as reactionary and don't care within which borders they are as long as they have their regional government.
People are catching up with his bullshit faster than he can control it.
Some of our local accounting softwares were only working on Windows XP for too long up until recent years
They can hardly walk
I'd have a red St
Btw my country is no big shot too
Unless they have changed the laws, since I was a kid, private schools would have had their own science curriculum, typically thought in English, German or French.
As long as you don't deport people who deserve to be deported it will be the same.
The coup attemp in Turkey happened on the same day.
Rakı, i ve not tried but at first shot nobody likes it lol
Turkey is a republic
Look at a map of Turkey, Istanbul's birthrates are on par with europe, Southeast Turkey?
it means "prophet's camel"
Çok da sikimde - It's very much on my dick (There is an irony here
RIP USSR
TIL turkey is more well known than germany in england
Yes, which I talked about as well, if you had read my original comment
Azerbaijani is very easy to understand for Turks also Crimean and Gagauz Turkish is understandable as well
Izmir’s population is 4 Million, and there were almost 3 Million people there
He *is* police , he didn't use police ID.
I wish you and your country best of the luck
Old Turkic states, Islamic political history, Islamic Turkic States, Seljuks, Ottomans and the Republic of Turkey
It’s the traditional way and the family would benefit from the dowry, but Mümine resists, holding on to being a teenager while dreaming of completing school and leaving the tobacco fields behind.
Thanks, these 2 look very interesting.
"Amuse me, funny foreign people!"
Made with combining V and E in a calligraphic way like Æ.
kurdish population of turkey is around 8 million and not every kurd can speak kurdish
Did you get any immigrants from your colonies back in the day?
*Hayli* in Turkish (pronounced "highly") means *highly* for some weird coincidence
this day they fight
I had an atheist Russian friend take religion classes just because it was too easy for her
Arabic direved words do exits in turkish but they are very much adapted to turkish
Portuguese also have a word and a music genre centered around it, "soudade".
Destruction 100
Even if they're not Nato I guess We'd help them anyway
I am currently playing as Khazaria for my first play, not because they are Turkic but a Jewish state in the middle of Muslims and Christians sounded fun to me
Depends on where you live
Sağol- e.t. Be alive/live (a very delicate way to thank someone, not so formal tho
Everyone knows this film
Turkish here, we abolish that few years before
Armenia: Well, not a lot of Turks say it so, I'm sorry for what happened in 1915
I was in Vienna these days last year, it is nice to see the city again even if it is on the TV :)
Also, this list doesn't include muslims ethnicly cleansed from the Balkans.
Then usually we take care of garden as well clear some wild grass or clean and water the plants etc
For example "Ç" is the sound you make when pronouncing "Ch". It already exists in your language, we just have another way of writing it down
And some of his videos have English subtitles so everyone can check him out
I even got fake “highs” with bread
Perhaps don’t speak so certain about these fuzzy concepts before you at least use Google
So can you please stop spreading false information and propaganda
Turkish is quite different)
He just sued Geert Wilders for that reason he proably will do the same with charlie hebdo
You might be thinking of the AKP's bylaws stating that a party member can be elected to parliament only three times in succession.
Not having central asian dna doesn't exclude being an ethnic group.
What a time to be alive, amirite
Turks drink coffee too but not through the whole day like the French.
I remember reading the tomb stones
And it’s just one movement repeated over and over
This problem can be solved politically if world stops and listens for a minute what is problem with both sides
This map would make make the whole region blow a gasket simultaneously
AFAIK Estonia is Nordic wannabe, not Scandinavia
Although this is from the perspective of a male, I can't speak for non-trans women
Remember that "Yes" won, so enough people live in the red areas and enough people voted yes in blue ares to win the referendum
But traditions play a role as well as economical conditions
Happy birthday Polan
When someone says British Tea, we think about a yellow/brownish tea in a white mug
I added metal to the question just to add verity
If Erdogan succeeds in changing our constitution, I will buy a boat this summer and sail away to one of the Greek islands, so if you know someone that could help it would be great
His Turkish pronunciations are also not great especially vowels and the "L" letter but I guess it's easier to learn for a foreigner with some accent
Northern Cyprus is giving Erdoğan the middle finger at every election.
Also, one time I let an American friend try ayran and he almost vomited, so maybe that
Why aren't Arab nations taking more refugees?
Yes now We're out of nato cus an idiot Canadian man said so
Same in here, Turkey
Which is causing reaction from the Turks (as they are already paranoid about everything)
I don’t think I can survive most of Europe’s climate
It has been like this since the day it was established
It's why the ratio of Turks and other language speaking Muslims in the Balkans and Caucasus is far less than it was in Ottoman times, it's why the ratio of Christians and Jews in Turkey is far less than it was in Ottoman times
Such best girls
I am not interested in having this conversation with a nationalist.
He still needs to win elections .
Hurts to even see them side by side
Vasto IT
That is even more embarrasing
it's a colossal problem here in turkey
Then you have the popular media predominantly in American English so you pick up lots of things from there as well
Ne cringe ?
We would say "Teee anasının amında" (At (one's) mother's cunt)
Armenian genocide and supporting Palestine instead of Isreal
Pictures were a no no for some islamists in the past (and still are) so they just used plain colour flags or flags with calligraphy.
I said "some of these songs" are anthems to the current regime
guys more masks and distancing please
If you keep supporting terrorists Erdogan never gonna fall, that's how he gets his power from his base
kilotlu corapla denize giren kız kardeşinin kafasını suya sokup bogulana kadar sikeyim
Don't kill the memes guys, go engineer something and let the Brits make fun of stuff.
If there were a country literally belongs to turkeys, we also would also call it 'Hindistan'.
This country needs porters too
He declared the republic in 1923
We had snow for a few hours in istanbul
And renewables are simply not replacing fossil fuels fast enough
Designed for The Empire and become new heart of the city
I used to be a bit idealist about it and tried to go full English, but then again when you are surrounded by straight out of 4-year university with no IT skill Sato-kuns, you succumb to atrocities like *isKaishi,* *GenchakuCheck(), cdRoll* ^((not "role" sadly))*.*
In turkeys history no single government supported these talks.
In the last elections the AKP got roughly a
They are so racist, they aren't even aware they are racist.
The thing is our currency is losing value AND the trade deficit is growing.
Rakı
I hope he will guard our votes
The campaign against the YPG was to secure the Turkish-Syrian border against the YPG
Enjoy the chaos
He isn't a Brexit expert, he is a trade expert.
If by partly you mean Thrace then yes I agree
Which means Indian
Like what
Rights for children work differently
But Romania will be hard since I heard some great rock songs from Romania before
It is going to be 5 C and rainy that day so no worries
We are not
Teaming with Germany in WW1
They’re mostly pretentious college kids who thinks using an English word in a sentence makes them look intelligent or cool
Says the British guy
The fourth one is also about a complicated issue you don't understand.
They feel unaccepted in europe but Erdogan even came to europe and did rallies just for them.
Like what
already but maybe in the future
But istanbul as a whole is becoming more and more ugly everyday
Other than Atlas, we have a map which you can see main roads very detailed
There is an entire genre of games called idle, where there is hardly anything to do except watch numbers go up.
Civillian casulties in this 11 days of operation is so far 120, what a lousy genocide my forefathers rolling in their graves
This is pathetic
even laikci makes more sense :P.
This is because Turkey is the bridge between Europe, Asia and Middle East
Don't care, I'm here for corporate blood and bubblegum and I'm all out of bubblegum
Nobody likes Ankara except people from Ankara
Somebody needs to capitalize on this and organize trips to oil wrestling tournaments for gay tourist groups
It’s just
When i open the window the cats try to get in, so i cant even open windows
Yeah I follow some of countries politics like USA, UK, Germany and Greece
No surprise
(don't hit me ppl i know we are probably even worse)
do what you want to do with trump but you have to understand global warming because of huge animal agriculture
What's this abomination
(Nvm, checked your post history; you just dont like Russians)
> Hey, Wolf
Its not a really good explanation
TAK claims responsibility of Diyarbakıd bombing
* [Great Mosque and Hospital of Divriği] (1985)
I think most people do know
Erdoğan also was like him at the beginning then he got more power to himself .
This is like protesting NL by slicing an orange and eating it on a camera
From Ottoman Empire actually
This is the thing that actually scares me about living in Istanbul.
There is even one with greek origin but as the founder of it, Alexander Efendi lived during ottomans times way after Greek independence it never become popular in Greece
Although I would say that semi independent since inner anatolia was free and clashing with the invaders
You can work your butt of in highschool to get in the first 1000 to study medicine for 7 years and start working for 350 euros a month
Cunku, konustuklari konu ile ilgili hic bir sey bilmiyor bu ucuncu kisi
tvMisha, I like her energy into the videos, I can see myself, when sometimes helps me to watch something joyful
Like the women right to vote or we establishing the rupublic
Work work
edit: a word, grammar
I was passing by and they handed me a paper flag
Many secular turks are also this anti-democratic
as a turk
[Şırdan] must be up there too due to its interesting shape
So that's where Turkish "haydut"(outlaw) comes from
*Republic of Asia Minor*, or *Western Asian Republic* or any other name which doesn't make it look like the country is the exclusive property of a single race of people
Sure we've committed some awful acts, but let me promise you none of you are any more innocent than we are.
My beef as a Turk is why we never talk about the "Ethnic cleansing and genocides that occured during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire" and why the topic is always centered around putting Turks into a corner to admit the Armenian genocide
There is already before
They dont need us anyway to live out their ottoman dreams.
Modernizing a country can't stand as a factor of greatness alone.
It was hilarious
This is what it looks like
But there are LOADS AND LOADS of Turks who look like White Europeans
I live in İzmir
No, we are not an islam state, Turkish Republic has no official religion although (my guess) %70 of the people are muslims
(Don't know the writing just pronouncation)
I have used [this Wikipedia article] for Syria
DHKP-C and CHP barely has any ideological familiarities and Sabah claims all kinds of bullshit like FETO-ISIS-PKK alliance.
I believe Bulgarians search for Turkey to come Edirne
Aysu, Esin, Beyza, Asena(very cool name imo), Başak, the list goes on
Being most popular youtube channel on geopolitics doesn't say much.
u/RepostSleuthBot
AHH NOW I'VE GOT IT: When we use -mış, it means "I am a secondary source, believe if you trust the source". They don't use -mış, so they mean "I am the source, believe if you trust me". In "kar yağmış", they dont imply a lack of credibility because you can also gather the same info easily
Only if there was a middle-ground between being pro-immigration and literally beating up brown people
Afiyet olsun: It's like "bon appetit" but not exactly the same
In 1924
While you are technically (the best kind of) correct that it's in the east, Batman is a southeastern province.
Sastamala IT
Those names are used like 2 main names rather than a main and middle name
Is this real
Turkish population is very old like only around 23 percent are 18-25, another 23 percent is children not able to vote, and the rest is these fossils who came from a shitty education, abandoning their villages to prosper in the shitty jobs that a large city like İstanbul offers
So it's rather common to see Turkish speakers use expressions like "open the lights" or "open the radio".
Lmao
Hey that weather is plenty beautiful
The Holy ~~See~~ Sea
I can only see ordinary German and Dutch people in the picture, where is the joke
They handed 389 million euro worth of material to usa embassy
Şaşal - Bottled water
An unforgetable and really sad day
I'm not sure about the reliability of that measuring method
I don't know what would happen if they join the EU, Turkish people may not be able to visit them that often and that would diminish the economy a little
That's a different kind of visa.
I've never locked a door
They may be guilty (considering the circumstances they probably are) but they deserve a fair trial without torture or death penalty on the table.
Daily I think
They can spend $2,000 on their dinner, have extra requests from the staff, but will tip like 10 pennies
They are accepted by AKP as their predecessors.
He’s set the country waaay back
This is too complicated for most people to think about, unfortunately.
French, Persian, Arabic are the most common ones as far as i know
British English
Ohhh perfect
(maybe in some weird psychoanalytical way, because I was afraid of being bullied so much when I was a kid, I somehow identified myself with the Romans who consistently got punched out of their sandals and were terrified by the sight of the Gauls, and adopted the sandal as a part of my meek identity)
That is why you eat so much garlic, to differentiate yourself from the vampires
CHP had nothing to do with the pogroms, they weren't in charge so that one is just plain false.
Cypriot Turkish is not hard to understand
They are living there for their whole life and they vote for social democratic parties there for their own comfort, then vote for Erdogan in the Turkish elections.
Does television stations said that in Turkey?
If it is my mother's side; I might have been something like a cleric or imam in western Turkey
Fucking gulenists and their artificial shadows that slander our great leader
•Antalya:Russian Tourists,big resorts,hot
The worst part is the fact that Daily shit is still alive
it can mean a completely different thing if it’s said wrongly
We came from Central Asia and brought that culture with us to Anatolia and mixed there with everyone around us but that stayed our main identity
anyways, wish you great day
Apart from that it’s nice to have Black Sea by the north, Aegean by the west, Mediterranean by the south and Marmara in the middle
that sounds very similar to TURKEY
I won't even question myself lmao
In my local park some mafia tried to get his hand on enriched uranium
Edit: grammar
Valmala FI
i don't like erdogan myself like half of the country.
Nevertheless, my advice would be to travel more
Anatolian Rock Revival Project
He sews
Illiberal democracies tend to keep "the enemy" vaguely defined
Everyone voting isn't that great of an idea.
At the end, we have flying carpets and they don't.
I'd also like to recommend Kraut on YouTube not only for his Turkish Series which were truly brilliant, but also for his other stuff as well
" so nazis released and we gave turkish pasaports to them
The only beautiful thing about it is the Mausoleum
Actually Russian Tsardom was often more brutal than Soviets but that's another story).
93 and I don’t like it when people are taller than me so probably not
Military artifacts have different traditions about them and Moldova never formally requested it afaik, but I'd personally argue it should be returned if requested as well
We have nice rivalry with Greece
Pijamas
What you emphasise in the sentence changes based on the order
Their hit song [Sevenler Ağlarmış] is unsurpassed in many ways
Kaan and Kağan are the same, yes
Reject humanity return monke
>doesn't mean turkey gets a pass
Virtue signaled whataboutism, gibs me my upvotes :D
megalomaniac group like Al-Qaeda are terrorists
I was born december 2006, I learned basic vocabulary from minecraft, and the speaking from movies and YouTube vids
Well, you can't say its due to religion because Western Turkey is very low, and IIRC Poland is a pretty heavily religious place and it apparently has among europes lowest rates.
Ottomans likely used crescent alone before they got Constantinople and added star afterwards to combine both together.
It's used for praising people you admire or feel thankful
Or maybe you didn't even read his comment.
as final step you boil some red pepper flakes with butter.
Because there must be some fucking reasons to ignore the reality of a terrorist group right
okay altruistic guy, you're going to get this silver and like it
Yeah man I'm sure 40 years of self governing is same with an oppressive islamic goverment and a puppet goverment that's recently installed.
Mods let them have their fun, sub ended up here
The thing is after the Balkan wars huge Turkish refugee waves from the Balkans came to the area and changed the population dynamics.
00 am because it takes them 2 hours to go to school
Suleiman the magnificent: Hey, since we are so deep into the enemy territory, why not take Vienna as well
Thankfully it doesn't get that hot every summer
Damn which wizard academy is this?
He is a big fan of concrete aswell
Look the issue wasn't invented yesterday.
The first female combat pilot was Turkish, along with the first female jet combat pilot and according to some accounts, the first black combat pilot
Brotherland for Azerbaijan and Little Homeland for Cyprus
After all those anti-Turkish brexit posters, it's really a shock for me to see that amount of positive opinions
An old man (Eşref Cengiz) carrying bread loaves while crying in front of a collapsed building which killed 50 people
Had such fun time there
Feels weird knowing that Turkey is known more than Russia and Netherlands
Arrest every one who dares to enter the streets to protest and enslave them too.
If yes, do people use that form while interacting with people from other regions
It's a tradition to give gold coins as birth/wedding presents or to team up with neighbours and friends to buy a gold coin.
They seemed out of Iraq or Syria
Propaganda is the essence of politics
The economy is now more fragile than ever because of Erdogan's stupid speeches
It has 1069 episodes according to google
He certainly wouldn't be better.
What you guys think of Turkey and Kurds
All polls suggest huge win for Erdogan and people keep saying opposition has no chance to win
Yeah poor little turkish cypriots..
Are you from Liechtenstein
[The kind people of this country have a wonderful dream]
I'm talking about their administration so "shit at everything" was an exaggeration.
Wish it was available in my country also
Well I dislike Turkish music as a whole so I'm not sure which one I would call the worst
jeb
He said it to respect the Greek flag.He also said he will fold it carefully.It might sound stupid but Flags means a lot to Turks so they don't want to insult it(Except for few morons).
İmroz is actually used interchangeably with Gökçeada in Turkish.
Happy cake day
Beyler (Gentleman/Guys)
Prophets has to live in modesty for making their commune bigger
The revolutionary ardour
If not anything just look at the clothes, music and cuisine.
YOUNG people have always been more idealistic than their elders, and more liberal too.
Yes, I think so I could include the UK as well
*Reads the title question*
Turkey has that original debate for decades (probably centuries) now
Glad to see even liberal-to-a-fault Netherlands take a strong stance against radicalism.
Serbia isnt
Someone who likes rain, I guess
* they are not really accepting of foreigners
ᕕ(ᐛ)ᕗ
Where is the turkey ,  bitch  !
I like German more
sort: controversial
Treaty of Sevres would have been as fair as it gets to make everyone happy in exchange for certain key areas of course.
Yes I mean Lüksemburg, Belgrad ends with g and d as well.
I am open to questions
I think current situation is now in EHRC
Wales: Galler
George's Cross over a blue background with a white Byzantine double-headed eagle at the center
They are the examples of the most shitty, tortural, and low-class genre in the country
Teramo FI
problem is , its little better than trolling to just come to the sub and post this pic without any discussion or meaningful post attached to it
You only spread more hate
Ok, I will tell you longest profanity I found:
Its population was roughly 40
This is what it does
It's called "Demiryolu". Which, yes, means "Iron Road".
We are a country that smaller than 100, but we had a major change after war of independence
British English
**OH MAN** please don't bring that movie up I still have cringe ptsd from that.
Turkey is the first Muslim majority country that recognizes Israel
Kemalists: "It's OK they were terrorists.
Half of cyprus is independent from the current cypriot goverment and that's a fact.
so don't be surprised if you end up hanging out with a mix of people from venezuela, germany, poland, lebanon, peru etc
Sounds like a German/Turkish centre-back football player written that way.
it's become arabic after some 7-8 million syrian refugees + their children
This is about getting rid of refugees I don't care about whether it will help or not and the fact that you guys were each other's throats over a few thousand brown men shows that it is still a big leverage.
On the other hand WW2  was just a few paragraphs on books unless you take an advanced history class
Hmm, I do know this debate from somewhere
Of, a town in Trabzon, people from Of never say they are from Trabzon tho, they insist that Of is and should be a city
Looks like the flag of some dystopic government set in a sci-fi movie
I really don’t get the appeal of it
Big part of Erdogan voters also support secular state but they are conservative .
On the plus side, a half liter bottle of water costs 14 euro cents.
i'm having a hard time picking between *adnan menderes* and *recep tayyip erdogan*
Thank you Tulip Brother/Sisterhood
He's the reason why the more elderly of them can't seriously consider moving back to Turkey, because everything, absolutely everything is between his two lips and extremely unreliable
That’s another challenge of the app
8 = sekiz
Yeah, same
Turkish youth smokes a lot, it’s considered a “popular” thing to do and so do a lot of middle aged people
•Ankara:Capital, Anıtkabir (Atatürk’s Grave) center of national Movement
I'm going to order a scalpel to represent my Albanian heritage.
[If you look at Y-haplogroups, Turkey is as diverse as they come]
San Marino: Oldest republic still existing so
At least for us having good relationship with neighbours helps a lot even if you won’t expected it
Thought this was posted on a Balkan subreddit first
- Article 1: The State of Turkey is a Republic
Italy's place currently filled with your [2021 Eurovision participant] :)
Leave it as it is, kill stray dogs, turn shelters into kil shelters: you need to choose between one of these because another option is not economically feasible
Yes we have “Umdumda değil/ önemsemiyorum” which mean “I don’t care” but then we also have “takmıyorum” which literally mean I don’t wear same as wearing jewellery which in Turkish is “Takı” and I think that’s where the word “takmak” derived from
There is a short film about it called 'Kedi' or 'the cat'
We haven’t have this Coronavirus Panic, yet
They were used to 800-1,000k€.
[oof]
ananla karşılıklı sikişirken ay çekirdeği cıtlatırım kabuklarını babanın suratına fırlatırımevde göbeğini yere deydirerek sınav cekince kendini atletik sanan abini götünden sikeyim
[Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs]
For Nationalists: II
She is always throwing something important away lol
Democracy, secularism, freedom of expression etc.
it doesnt suprise me at all that seems like something erdoğan would do
You might ask "then what should be done
You may not have a crystal ball, but we have statistics.
I was passing by and they handed me a paper flag
Syrian War is entirely on the U.S.
First proposition was less memey then booze, they wanted to pay with medicine.
Im just a sad turkish paying 20€ for 50mbps internet
Turkish and Azerbaijan Turkish are very very similar
Today, the support for secularism is even higher because of the failed coup attempt by the shady FETO organization.
hmm, I haven't heard about this before
Its look like anor londo from dark souls rigth
That kid still needs you
Fair enough, I'm just pointing out why his comment makes no sense either way.
In 11th it was just an seminar about sex
How
When you do something uncivilised — “Did you came from mountain
But why we did that
Kemalist wiev is dying day by day but the main reason is not Erdoğan it is the so called leftists-Ataturkists passive attitudes and ignorancy of those people
Sometimes they are cute sometimes not so much
At least thats what they say
Also what do you mean since the end of Ottomans
Turkish operation in Cyprus was justified, whole international community was with us.
After he is gone and we are not actively being hated by half of the world we can sell that military stuff you know
But the more educated one is, the more likely s/he is to speak the standard form, or at least try to do so
If it's an impulsive attempt with sudden emotional changes than they regret their choice, see their attempt as a chance and usually accept help immediately
Turkey is processing the same mistake right now
Seeing Turkish flag anywhere past Thrace will piss them off
It is just most of the people I know consume black olives that is why
She was a shaman
Nevșehir: Cappadocia
Now AKP is de facto banning it.
I don't like Erdogan at all but this is a propaganda against Turkey by terrorists
What was Wenger doing, bringing on Walcott that early
Yes but in Turkey full beards are not seen appropriate in government positions or any high-ranking position really
Turkey doesn’t have any political control over Cyprus as well
just wait for 2023 the students will take over
* (area of danish territory in europe)/(area in north america)
Killing civilians and cops is not normal.
Butthurt Europeans mostly
I like archaeology - only in an amateur sense - and 2 years ago I went to the Istanbul archaeology museum for my birthday
Sorry Netherlands
On the insane scale Mattis is just crazy, and he's one of the more tempermental and qualified of Trump's picks.
"Ethnic cleansing" towards a terrorist organisation
beer>wine
Yeah, basically “European standards not fitting to other countries
You can check my comment history.
I used to ride the metrobüs to work every day.
Turkmen: I can kind of understand this too
No they don't.Only some of them carry smgs(in case of a terror attack) and they are loyal to goverment like in all nations around the world.
Its really colorful, quite fun and a unique experience for the visiting kids (probably anyways)
I think TFF banned seeds from entering stadiums due to health concerns
I want more of this challenge
Increased labor mobility via letting people simply move even without working somewhere -- also something that would likely be attached to federalization -- would also potentially address it.
Pff, Raki is greater drunkness for your money.
Cap= can be pronounced like “job” but a little tougher
At what point do the police realize they're class traitors, and not paragons of justice
Fascist is not land piece
If I was living there for couple more months, I am pretty sure I would roll up way back to home
Let it be taught people who don't want to believe can continue doing that.
People like to throw around that word whenever anything remotely nationalistic is mentioned.
However, due to COVID and how Istanbul becoming unlivable place changed to opposite lately
But in 2016 Coup, I remember my father have taken a lot of cash in case of there was ban for going out
Avusturya-Macaristan
am i crazy or northern cyprus is in the map and gay marrage is legal
The downvotes, this thread drew the expected redditors.
People simply do not understand how someone who's attracted to guys can still claim to be a dude.
i wonder what exactly has to happen to convince our piece of shit government to invade raqqa and remove these worst fucking human beings in the entire human history (including nazis) from the face of the earth.
That car was photoshopped in
Siktir barbar siktir saçma salak konuşuyorsun orta doğulu olduğunu bu kadar belli etme.
looks similar to ireland a bit
What do you call the Holy Roman Empire in your language
Amazing historical place
If you aren't going for the bare minimum price tag, what do you wish to make of the opportunity
Turkey has 90 million (and growing) population and ranked 5th export target for EU.
This new DLC is great
Thus Red Kit was born
I fucking love Scotland, man
Well, violence is part of human nature but not all of it.
Parola IT
He and his colleagues in the conservative party weren't elected with the knowledge that he'd be PM and his personal platform would be the government's policy
"Our economy is stable and growing the one who says there's an economic crisis are terrorists
That's the same in most (all?) countries.
2 is not enough
When Europeans does it, I have no aim to like it, too
A city can be very well-developed and great in anything without having them, you know
It really frustrates me that even when I mention that we suffered also, someone like you has to tell me this doesn't justify what we did.
He was an Ottoman military officer
Jews feared that after becoming equal citizens before law in the empire, Greek rule would take that away (they weren't wrong too, Greek Jews became equal citizens first time at the interwar period) They faced less problems than their compatriots in Christian lands, had trade and tax exemptions and Ottoman empire being multiethnic and multicultural, they didn't fear assimilation efforts as much as they would in a unitarian nation state.
I always though Germans give great easy name to a chocolate brand :)
Cons: İnfulation , meats is very expensive , 1€=6₺,
Well thats about our stupid government, not the whole country
Western parts and coasts (except eastern black sea) we use it alot
Turkey will never ever join the EU because we will never ever be an even remotely properly democratic country.
Since when was Turkey = Erdo
personally in different countries.
Our religion order circumcision to us
G20 is literally just the 20 biggest economies.
So for the republic of Armenia today, I have used this map of the [population density] Just a bit more colored
Always in English
Lol go count the rebellions and come back.
He is opposition leader not in the goverment.By doing this he will stop Erdoğan's "CHP IS AGAINST TURKEY!1!1!1" bs(There will be a referandum soon and Erdoğan is trying to use it to gain votes by doing this Kemal will try to stop him from gaining votes.Ofcourse pro-gov media won't cover this which makes it harder for CHP).Just recently economy minister said there won't be any sanctions(so AKP again talks big to gain more votes.This is really sad because thousands of people will get effected from this).
Turkey has a very different climate.They(tourists) mostly go to Agean and Mediterranean region for summer vacations because those regions have a warm climate but Erzurum,Kars,Ardahan(North Eastern and Eastern Turkey) is usually very cold and tourist usually go there for skiing(Unfortunately many foreigners don't prefer Erzurum for winter vacations) or for hiking(Terrain is beautiful and very interesting).
/r/badcorrelations
Ucuncu bir arkadaslari geliyor yanlarina ama o ucuncu kisi tatile gitmemis onlarla
I did not have hope until they lost Istanbul and Ankara
They make the German Diaspora look good.
Why this sub never say anything about israel's behavior
They already worship Erdogan so it doesn't matter for them him becoming a Sultan as long as the glorious Ottoman Empire returns lol.
One and only : Mount & Blade: Warband.
Here's an [image] of all banknotes and coins.
The trains looked brand new last time I was in Stockholm but never noticed these
Yeah, basically “European standards not fitting to other countries
* gelmişmiş (Someone said s/he came, I dont believe them
We thought it was like that at first but once you read the changes you see it is a lot more extreme from French or Korean system.
I haven't a non-native friend but in TV shows there are many foreign person and they really can speak fluent turkish but still you can probably understand that he/she is foreigner
For example a person from the Aegean region will hardly understand someone from eastern region
Doubt Hungary is particularly pro-russian after what happened there...
Thank you
sometimes in turns sometimes all together
Thanks you for reading
**The articles** does not exist in Turkish Language
Also the first air travel was done by Evliya Çelebi in the 17th century
Wow, around 3 times bigger than Cesme in size.
Swedish prison system is absolutely broken.
Yes it is.Being conservative does't mean not being secular.
Where they wrong when the truck hit the christmas market?
Can you imagine the outrage an American major newspaper would generate if they had an article like that?
«anyway multiquoting is done "like 'this', depending on the level"»
(Edited)
I think the anti nuclear movement is largely sponsored by the coal industry.
Far as I know, Turkey was Pro-Unification
We had the advantage but we ended our advantage in stupid way
I'm not going to name cities but a city with lots of big buildings are just not worth visiting imo
>Erdogan: Because these are desert regions
şükür means something like gratitude.
Percentage of adult male smokers is 41%, which is kind of an achievement since it fell back from 47% in 2008.
as many land owners who were a part of that system were local converts of whatever area Ottomans conquered.
Atatürk saw that education was a big problem in those villages, he wanted these “villager institutes” to be built and they taught everything from classic literature to mathematics that a modern citizen needed to know
I believe it is quite obvious why Greeks are interested in Turkey
No, but other Turks might like the idea
Our electoral districts are not uniform but there are so many (coupled with a large parliament) of them that it all evens out.
this flag not created by turks but its historical and everybody hate this
Ah yes, the absolute best part about Istanbul, the many, many adorable cats just roaming around
"Look dude, it's actually not you that's ruling America, there are these super wealthy families that run America behind the scenes."
a minor drawback
i'm about to google whats the difference in between anime and cartoon
Turkiye really wants to join eu until 2000.eu never wanted turks and eu will never allow to join eu.its just political game between turkiye and european countries.Turks dont want to join anymore due to some political reason and lost faith to eu.
I should leave the internet and close the TV for a few days or else I am gonna lose my mind.
I support the Dutch 100% on this one, and I know many others from back home who likewise approve their response.
And religion is completely useless as the people that want to learn it already do as their parents generally push it to them while those who don't care at all just sit there often trying to get some sleep as no one really cares or listens to the class
So, we use them incorrectly
Great representation of your average Turk.
'Cyprus will never be Turkish' seems like an attempt at a genuine dialogue in comparison with all this self-pitying and jingoism.
_Nice_ Damn Why is Turkey so popular in eastern Europe
Funfact: Turks have a huge drone industury which can destroy Armenian forces in hours (which is showcased in Syrian civil war), therefore no one would risk their pilots lives to shoot down just one plane
May be other than some south america ones
Done
I don't want to misguide you by making strong claims.
*aalööööö* is also another variant which tells a lot about the person at the other end of the line :)
Sadge :(
The griefers were T_D afaik
Well there was no historical rivalry between Belgium and us but the Russia is the main guy who killed Ottoman
Depends on the region you are in mostly
Istanbul
We are pretty neutral about Romania I guess
He wants to prevent terrorists from getting into the U.S, does that make him hate Muslims?
I am not sure for my country really
It was as if, the traffic was a river and all of us were flowing with it, in harmony
So what this guy is saying, is helping noone but Erdogan.
I improved my English mostly by listening to English songs, watching movies/tv series with English subtitles, playing video games in English
He was the same person
That is our European part
Don't forget Oda tv and Cumhuriyet also reported it with details(Wrote articlea about the leaked mails).
No wonder the Ottomans were obsessed with Vienna gates
Most people straight up have no knowledge at all
Religion lessons exists and its curriculum and weight has increased in recent years
Well it will be lose-lose situation for both EU and Turkey for sure.
Small villa looking towards to lake
Radical secularism of Turkish institutions then would still hold true which would result in  support for AKP in public still because they still would have the “abused by power” narrative that Turks love to root for
Ours change names every now and then
Thanks, I wondered ever since I saw that letter
It is unethical to force anyone to take substances in their body
Does anyone else have them
white people:asian people look all the same
Just to put your mind at ease:
I do not know why we use this expression
It's practically a card game with tiles
I understand, I was talking about the "recent news from Syria" remark - Turkey conducting millitary operations there is hardly an argument when literally everyone and their grandma bombed Syria at this point
I'd be happily surprised though if any of these films attract any non-Turkish audience
Because of course there is
Probably a handicraft symposium (el işi sempozyumu) being translated as hand job symposium
Turkish sketch by Levent Kırca from 1998, featuring Erdoğan
Btw, you are the first person who said Ottomans not Turks about genocide
Tembel hayvan (Sloth) = Lazy animal
A modicum of respect for human rights and democracy is not ‘European values’, it’s *human* values, values which Turkey is failing to satisfy right now
I think we share this sentiment with most Balkan countries: stray dogs are not seen as problems
So you are saying a war would be escalated between two countries which are both heavily pro-west, Nato member and have a fucked up economy.
While Izmir (the 3rd biggest city) has on high demand because it's smaller city than İstanbul with more secular population compare to rest of the country
500.000 people (maybe more) attended Zülfü Livaneli's concert in Ankara in 1997.
It's not only conflict between religions, even within religions the Christians did this to each other as well and their current lands have less diversity of Christian ethnic groups than they did in Ottoman Times
Football players earn that much because people keep wasting money on football
And everytime he talks turkish currency goes shittier
Which means Indian
Suleiman the Magnificent
right
all you do is crippling an economy leading daily life folk to suffer more while the head of the state is gaining more bullets for his "look they are all against us, give me more power so i can protect you" rhetoric
silvia saint...back in the days
Like a huge one with 2000-3000 people selected completely at random from the voting aged population.
Well, that was the entire story of Turkey
It is through and through and Turkish dish.
This may not be true, I don't know much about the school's history other than that it's quite old, however the word I used is the correct one.
i wouldn't be surprised if they have never seen snow before.
I still appreciate it even if it's a very simple gesture.
Also, it's nice to have a place to ask about local things without having to sign up to a weird local website with an unfamiliar design.
I live in turkey but i hate him and most of the turks dont support him they win by stealing votes and stupid people HE IS A DICTATOR in turkey if we say something bad about him they just send us to the prison
Sounds like name for pizza tbh
Turkey *officially* considers TRNC a sovereign state, even though we act like it isn't when it suits us.
Southeastern Turkey
Gümüş(Ag)
ALMOST EVERYTHING CHANGED
it's normally five years but two years if you have finished uni here (at least that what I found with google, should be correct tho).
No new wars
Yes, and I'm pretty sure it's much more than the US.
Turkey needs to go through quite a bit of economic, social and political development before EU membership becomes feasible.
The youngest people as I observe learn thing in their own way
What I understood from this graph, Le Pen isn't that much popular considering the turnout rate is way less than the previous elections.
Unfortunetly education rate is very low in kurdish areas and people are suffering under tribal pattern and religious oppression of those tribe leaders
Wilders here doesn't seem to have a high opinion of his brother.
And they aren't even half naked or wear useless leather bracelets
Dokun karnına ve boynuna
Ağız ve kulak
Barış Özcan, kind of a scientific channel, more like giving informations about things that you might never thought of - i watch him time to time
After all he is a hardcore populist .
Plus, Belarusian people are very nice and friendly, good hearted and everyone is extremely beautiful in genetics
Do you even know how many coups and purges have happened when Turkey was still part of the NATO?
Still waiting for more news
Germany: Almanya
Franco Italian Brit ALLIANCE vs
People admire Germans since last periods of Ottoman Empire
Apart from healthcare the rest seems roughly the same
Which happened already twice with the Reina attacker.
We have had all kinds of violence in basketball
I don’t want that kind of music in my future wedding if it ever happens, but I know I’ll make it so because otherwise my relatives would eat me alive
-: "your accent is weird, where exactly are you from
During part of his early terms he lifted many discriminatory laws against Kurds, such as bans on Kurdish language and even opened state sponsored Kurdish channels.
I think that the Northern part should make their own decisions and Turkey should stay in the background unless TRNC needs support
I mean Russia isn't investing in Turkey like Europe is.
Il y a plein de mots transparents je crois
I would recomend visiting this region
Siktir
Management style
>Το Ζεϊμπέκικο της Ευδοκίας by Manos Loizos
Eskişehir was a little city in westren anatolia
Not anymore
i think its nice
generations doesn't feel accepted and european.
From the context it meant something like heartless bastard, but for the life of me I couldn't find it in the dictionaries.
One of my other friends said that he would always be sure to be well-groomed
Well done you have captured the ugliest mosque in the whole city
222
We saw the Çanakkale Martyrs’ Memorial
I have hope in my country and for her future.
He is gathering the opposition votes for sure, but he is also causing rightists to gather around Erdoğan instead of İnce, out of fear
Not much of them were settlers.
No Islands Aegean is disturbing
well done OP i think its great i also loved the ouzo there good detail
Allahına kurban
The proposal includes changes to the higher end of the judiciary, bringing it further under the management of the executive.
The stuff I ate in Poland didn't really compare to anything in Turkey in terms of fat.
You don't even know what status quo is, do you?
Raw octopus is just not my thing
Erdogan seem to understood the power of social media so instead of blocking it he seemed to created a massive internet army who'll fuck you up and report you to police if you say something bad.
You have to pay otherwise they'll take you in the moment you enter the country doesn't matter if you're just visiting.
few in number and unreliable "article"s.
I would like to visit China also, sometime
Meme, which means breast
They probably make up to around 60% of the population, but 40% is no small percentage.
Because far right is in a weird way representing tolerance by being against something that's even more intolerant than them: Islam.
Ottoman Empire had massive casualties in all fronts including inland with rebels.
As a Turk we face a lot of racism for things that we did not do
000 people and left more than 250
I'm Turkish but I've never heard of someone who wants to remove content from reddit
Chad Ottomans giving people freedom
In my 16 years of going in and out of Turkey, I've not seen a lot of deference to Erdogan.
Their grandfathers fought against Nazis, were killed by them and they symphatise them
I don't understand what you and many want us, the Turkish People, to say.
The famous photo is a recreation of that moment, but still it's probably in all history books
Also I have lived my entire life in Thrace so, more asian than European
They seem really extremist and i think there can/will be only one local power in middle east
Do you really think any of those people have read an entire book in their lives?
Is blasphemy illegal in Denmark?
Même si elles sont toutes très loin d'être facile pour moi
One of the shameful marks on our history
As a citizen, I wish there was a Turkey for every Kurdish citizen happily call home
Mostly because of its strategic location in the geographical centre of Turkey
Almost all media we consume is also in English too.
AFAIK Estonia is Nordic wannabe, not Scandinavia
it ranks the 2nd by population
You really should check out ‘Ak Saray’ (White House in Turkish)
Naval Supremacy can be gained with NATO and friendly relationship with Cyprus
This is mostly used by kids tbh :P.
Even if there is proverb for it “Don’t buy a house, obtain(gain) a neighbour” “Ev alma, komşu al”
especially now with Dictatoğan in charge.
Turkey wanted to became a member of EU since 70s the same way you may want to become a billionaire.
If theyre too "hot" to preach in their own country then it's okay to not let preach in your country.
10₺ = Chicken Döner
They were kinda well known around me.
Folk poems and legends from 1600s are somewhat understandable, but a legal document from 1918 may be completely incomprehensible
Rieti IT
After watching Djam I realised how much I love rebetiko too
I can imagine the things that you frequently see or encounter, really
Not at all used afaik but there is “Karış”
To be honest, speaking standard Turkish is tiring
Are you trying to get me more depressed?
Where is 128 billion dollars
No exaggeration
As a result, countless immigrants are trying to reach the other side on inadequate cheap boats, a family even tried to swim in the river that divides Turkey and Greece to reach there
Turkeys problem is erdoganism just as much as erdoğan himself if that makes sense.
There is also however a solid 35-40% voterbase that would vote for Erdogan's ascension to godhood if they could.
Let's say that's what the government brands him as
Do you hang around anarchists much?
Geceyi aydınlatan ay misali senin parlayan gözlerin ışık saçıyor gönlüme
hey us turkish got off easy
Instead of making rookie grammar mistakes, they will TALK TO YOU IN LOUDER TURKISH
Taxi drivers got Uber banned in Turkey
I see you are a man of culture as well
Turkey doesn’t recognise or signed EEZ because of Island Dispute with Greece in early years of republic
Basketball is pretty crazy here when it's with fans
In Adana, they shoot bullets at sun bcz it was so hot
(The throne)
It is funnier then you think the number is lower for Norway, Sweden
There is an obvious West-Rest division on political views
There isn't a singular objective reality
38 = otuz sekiz
Of course the current Erdogan regime supports the empire ideology and that's one reason but also the Turkish population is getting more ignorant about how badly the last Ottoman emperors fucked up, thanks to the historical TV series and lack of history education
Hahaha is there any anti-russian sentiment there
Je comprends l'Espagnol le mieux, surtout à l'oral, l'İtalien plus a l'écrit
One is American, one is Russian, and the last one is Turkish.
Yeah, they have the narrative of economic growth but that narrative took place *after* 2004 imo and hence that coalition would not have the narrative of them fixing 2001 like AKP does not have it
If OP can direct us, it's the least we can do.
As a turkish, I find it hard to share common enthuasiastism in collaboration with european kids
This [Wikipedia source] from Ministry of Health Lists lists a total 38
No matter how much you hate someone implying to murder him is not a good thing and I don't remember Erdogan threatening Switzerland this is just PKK guys doing what they do.
[İzmir’in Dağlarında Çiçekler Açar
" while she was drinking beer in a bar
You are grasping at some straws here
Anatolian Seljuks was called  Sultanate of Rûm but it was because they were formed at old Roman lands
Unless they have lactose intolerance
Nice, we never talked about Mesoamericans, I think or I just don't remember
Most of Ottoman military force was cavalry, upwards of 60%.
Istanbul is just a lot more crowded and a lot richer.
Black sea region, or eastern Turkey in general,really
There is Flat-Earth Foundation(just one person i guess)
Except for DTP, the other parties were banned up to 30 years ago.
As a gay guy all of them look same(or too similiar) to me .Just some of them are older .
Might be another case of balkans stealing our food...
Doesn’t everyone put their toilet paper in the trash or is this just satire
I'd steal it too
It would be hilarious if you put a kosovo inside the Yugoslavia but not to right place, this would make both serbs and kosovans mad
No competent left wing, militant Kurdish population and a conservative base that feels actively prosecuted.
I just failed the syntax for the joking smile.
I don't know if we or you guys are more fucked up anymore :( Support from Turkey
We have letter that has no sound "ğ" it's called soft g, it doesn't make any sound
Being located in Middle East doesn't mean we live in sandy deserts and ride camels
Their minds still live in old big russia days .
Armenian genocide now give upvote
The place where the guy stands and the place we look at in the photo both are not in Constantinople
I'm guessing you can't distinguish between users taping over their webcam versus a mass surveillance program authorized and conducted by a government.
My reading is still slow but I'm sure that it will be better
Edit: Ottomans called Poland "Lehistan" tho so you are right about that too
Tomyris could be a nice representation of Turkish women
It is seen mostly during teen and university years
So, there's that
I would bet a testicle %50 percent of them haven't read it.
During my studies, we didn’t have any required but recommended list
The counting takes longer but it allows plenty of oversight, at least in the cities.
I guess our history education is as shit as you suspected.
Not much actually
You can find a lot of different poll results which yes/no varies from 57/43 to 43/57.
Turkey is one of the most popular tourist countries in the entire world.
Wait, what's with that Soros guy
thanks for ur support
Nah, as cocky as our government seems to be, they won't do that.
I just kinda wanted to ruin Scandinavian bromance
That was definitely a day to remember
Like in 9th was about puberty mostly
And I think Polish people still remembers and respects us for not recognizing their partition
Defending the wrongs of him by saying "Erdoğan did it too, why dont you say him anything
I despise Iran's current regime but I hope this doesn't drag my country to a series of battles(I think war has a very little chance to occur) since Erdogan likes to be seen powerful
Before Midnight
[In the battle of Talas] Karluk Turks were serving against the Chinese Army as mercanaries but China oppresed Turks at the time
I'm not an alcoholphobe, I just have a bad stomach and could never dream of drinking beer so early so I was surprised, I think you're jumping to conclusions.
It has a really dark story behind it
We didn't notice it either and look where that lead us
Damn this is true ...
Probably among the most expensive ones in Europe if you take purchase power of the local population into consideration.
You need the 2/3 majority of the parliament to persecute to the pesident, and needless to say it's impossible right now with the AKP majority parliament.
And yet, Ever Given cant pass from a canal twice the size
He just never had anyone take up his legacy.
It's still expanding schools, there aren't that many as of 2016 but still there's a sizeable amount.
Same kind of shit goes in Turkey
But I can't say the same about Turkmen
Who uses Facebook anyway
They purged the seculars first.
Not a lot of movies I've watched feature Turkey but the ones that do treat us like either
Marx said about the communards *they were ready to storm the heaven*.
When it's a polandball comic or "hurrrHussar remove kebab", I don't really mind.
We also have a lot of Turkified French words in our language
20 Turkish Liras
Man-made:
Can you at least try to understand rather than debating for the sake of debating
He is unqualified, completely inept, and entirely suitable to run a barber shop, not a country
With current situation, these terror organisations are controlling 1150km area on Turkeys border
Northern Island doesnt exist
People don't want to pay like 1/6 of their wage on one video game
fair point
In fact the opposite, Turkish history books emphasise the Turkic ancestry of Turks too much while ignoring Anatolian ancestry of people of Turkey
Erdogan purged Kurdish opposition and Gulenists which are the easiest targets .
As a side note, they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do and call me for help whenever something popped up
I thought the Amsterdam Forest and Veluwezoom National Reserve was amazing
5 and tens of thousands of people died or injured
Also I dunno where you live but any kind of disturbance on my street is met by the people of my neighborhood immediately
Turkey opposed “Safe Zone” in 2012 which nobody listened
stop making them some kind of god or important people
Goverment right on Germany but acting with double standards: CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu
It is completely ridiculous to compare the European system to the American one, they operate completely different and a different constitution also states have less autonomy than in the EU
Some imam from some bumfuck village will give a fatwa (e.g.
2-Athens (Base of the Western culture)
Probably referring to Syrian cities.
are you greek
Or if you have Islamic names you are from Central Anatolia because central anatolia most islamist part of Turkey
A bridge for predators to get an easy meal
He brought up the presidential system before the last general elections and lost a lot of votes, simply because people didn't actually want a regime change.
Other than I can’t think of like that one
Stop comparing an os and a device
Also a lot of people in universities that shouldn't be professors or deans let alone assistants are in quite high positions playing game of thrones.
If they are aggressive or run away from you the neighbourhood is filled with assholes, don't go there.
We just call it "İngiltere", which means "England
This is a very shitty situation but you should know why Turkey is doing this
Economy is wretched, educational system changes almost every year, foreign affairs are not good, no freedom of speech and a lot of other things
i can't even open the image without vpn
Notre Dame in Paris
I should have made this comment
They will be remain silent
Clerics should be radical pacifists
He's talking about islands that weren't left to Greece or Italy in the Lausanne and currently have disputed ownership.
(It usually implies they should start helping with household chores if they stay longer than 3 days)
Due to education system, my life just turned into you memorise these so you will be in the best high school in the city
If you are individual, you won’t see any corruption at all unless you come a cross with people who support government
Then your country shouldnt have taken millions of them foreigners who are more loyal to Turkey than the country they live in.
Go Slovakia tho
People tend to give this organization that much credit, just another Turkey topic
Money you can't embezzle is not money
And you know the saddest part about this story is that I thought FM Çavuşoğlu was one of the smartest/sharpest people in the AKP cabinet.
Source for this honestly outrageous statement?
In the recording you can hear them talking about my brother, nah this one is hard to break, he is not talking about politics at all etc etc
They support Erdoğan blindly but have no idea on what the fuck is up here
I had to leave after riots in Odessa.
>Announcer: Why
Imagine that there was a language predominantly comprised of Persian, French and Arabic loanwords being solely used for the matters of state (which is Ottoman Turkish), and a separate language used by the common people as a “spoken” language (premature form of the modern Turkish which had some foreign influence)
Dutch Tachanka
Historical Polish village in Asian Istanbul
"Go hiking" near the Syrian border in an active no-go zone
So, i also have every right to call you insensitive a..hole
Arkadaslari da ona "Sen bu konuya fransiz kaldin" diyor
[Insert depressive wojak]
No, using someones relative is a retarded argument.
If you are talking about the western one.Not much probably none.
In addition, Turkish has this letter ğ (soft g) which basically makes the previous vowel longer
Feels too fatty for my taste
I always thought Nokia phones were Japanese until I was informed that it is in fact Finnish
Need to visit my grandmother soon too.
Yes, yes we do
Im not saying its ok to bitch slap them if they are minority but if you treat them equal in your country why would you treat them badly outside the borders
Istanbul didn't get any serious snow yet and it is getting very weird
People have yet to see the real ugliness that is political islam (by people i mean his supporters).
"People from Dersim killed by Turkish government 80 years ago..
They would if looking after a child was not that expensive.
I have no fear of Greeks and can only hope that Greeks have no fear of Turks too.
Eh no, hardly relevant at all
The next dictator
sadly there will be a massive earthquake on istanbul next 30 years
Of course he won't admit to losing.
Superplato has better observations, Turkey is becoming more and more Arabic every day.
There were two different ruling points after WW1
My relatives are hella mean
He either sold his soul for the $$$ or is psychotic.
Thanks you for reading
I said Portugal is Atlantic because of location but culture is Mediterrenean.
We didn't realize the power of it until it was too late
Thank you man best for me is work hard and immigrate
So I wouldn't count Istanbul as one of those cities
They have hideous stereotypes to that make me run a mile.''
> If we lose our human nature, we lose much, but if we lose our bestial nature, we lose everything
>I just had to point it out that the atrocities were committed by terrorists that had nothing to do with the ordinary Greek Cypriot people that suffered due to the invasion
Most seculars in Turkey have turned against the west.
Ontario is capital of Canada, inhabitants of Canada (mostly) are Anglo-Saxons and Frenchs, people of European origin, using English and French, having a European culture.
pretty much every Turkish food is a fast food
"Misleading"
My point is that Greek massacres happened under a different administration, and due to that, Turkish nationalists were less likely to do the same.
Well
1) Any other Turkic State
It was a homeland for many civilizations even before the Greeks and Persians ruled there
Cats I guess, I am more of a reptilian guy
Even he acknowledged that there is something more important than ruling/fortune/reign
And the mail itself, while strong, was not particularly inpenentrable.
I dont know
When it comes to religion i would say it is much more religious than Europe but much less religous than the Middle East
I thought it as STD, Intercourse, etc
Here is a funfact; my mother worked as a Nurse in a Kurdish town in 1980s, when so-called Kurdish independence fighters raided the city, they killed every single person
Implying a civilized cusine could eat invertebrate
We however brought it from India and called it Hindi
Some migrants were send back and refugee wave was stopped.Some people in Europe tries to potray it like a bad deal for Eu but it is not.Eu can't just cover her ears and scream until the problems go away.Some Eu countries and Eu allies are responsible of this crisis and Eu doesn't want to be seen as an heartless union that will not accept people who escaped death.On the other hand it wasn't a good a deal for Turkey and got worse.We still don't have the money and the still negotiating about visas.
It's a new and worrying trend around here.
It was clearly u/qwert577889 from r/ukpolitics
My answer here is no, but we'll see what actually happens I guess.
Rule 1: Do not use anything that you learnt from Turks
They're not recent immigrants, most of them probably emigrated before the Republic was founded.
If we want to do this, we can't expect this to happen by neither pan-islamist parties nor terrorist organizations
As a Kurdish, I don't have any other option than kill myself with a bomb."
He's probably pissed that there aren't enough Muslims to hate in his country.
Damn shame
Coups of the past, eventually caused this situation in Turkey.
In Turkish, it is called "Kutsal Roma Cermen İmparatorluğu" (Holy Roman Germanic Empire)
So yeah, I guess so
Also after the election they stopped trying to appease Turkish voters and went full Kurdish nationalist.
I was in middle school when I first went to Gallipoli
Wait really
Beside, he is the Head Of State right now.
I look for hard rock/heavy metal genres
How many non-skilled arab and african immigrants do you receive?
They should not try our patience
Voting him out still wouldn't negate the fact that he's been in power by popular vote/majority of the Turkish population.
[keep in mind that these are all quite subjective]
Name a better duo
I miss paczki
am i crazy or northern cyprus is in the map and gay marrage is legal
He was a barrier against corruption and radical islamization.
I don't think governments represent the people, they just represent their own and allies' benefits
[Dolmabalçe Palace] - Personal favourite for single building
Not in the EU day, but when I was solo visiting Frankfurt there was an EU event
There are many different weapons in the world for a reason.
France and Turkey(not really, ottoman empire) are some of the first countries to legalize homosexuality
That's the point, they're all (or were) secular leaders that US wants to replace with "moderate islamic extremists"
There are a few that teach in German and there's at least one university that teaches exclusively in French
Before AKP those occasions were looked down upon by the left too, right now we need that symbolism.
Wrong it was an empire of one very mixed family, turks were nothing but one of  their many subjects and usually the most ignored one
The participation rate in Denmark is %34
You're telling me I missed the joke
Its really beautifull, still needs some renovation tho
I'll eat a whole wheel of Gouda today you'll see!!!1!
[Duman - Bu Akşam]
Pretty sure they founded some in Turkey too
5-South Germans/Hungarians
Almost everyone around me disagrees with the government's policies, only like 10-15% agrees.
Corny
you mean genocide
The people in the military who were known to support Gülen participated in the coup, the rest didn't.
They have gambling, a big tourism industry, etc
They can do that because their word has no weight.
I always remember it as a face and dog and pony show.
Government media alteady does:
Do you even follow Cyprus or are you just here to make noise?
Turk here, can confirm
Yes, West is much more accepting, but central and especially northern Turkey would be more aggresive towards atheists than the east but east is only slightly better
> 28 year old
> I guess I misinterpreted what you said to mean women would be triggered by the suggestion they wear the hijab and I got confused
Arizona kertenkeleleri (Arizona lizards)
My favourite is Miklagard though.
That's the summary of my experience
You definitely should check it out
I hope it will end after 2023 election
I’ll wear the thickest clothes I own
Sultan Erdogan's son-in-law ran away with $128B of Reserve Bank money and people who asked about the money got arrested
When I first met Lieselotte, she headbutted me to show that she was interested
you asking this question shows how fucked up their PR is outside of the country tho..
I still think for 11 years old that having sex, STD, etc as young for them to learn
Lastly, although I have completed my education, I like learning as a pastime activity so chances are I'll go for a few associate degrees in the near future in the fields that I enjoy
So, i don't meet a lot of supporters of the regime.
To do and To make is Yap-mak
Clinging on to the past is stupid.
Kebab
No, on the contrary, Istanbul had much less of the conservative types when all Europe seemed to have them
Traffic
So a lot of estimates put the actual figure in the 90-95% range for people who call themselves Muslims in any way, and people who practice anything beyond calling themselves that shouldn't be over 50-60%.
That's basically how a dictator loses in elections.
I am a Turkish nationalist
Senin gibi aveller sonra Türkler r/Europe da reddit te nrden linçleniyo diyosunuz sizin gibi saygısız gerizekalılar yüzünden millet bizi yanlış anlıyo ne mal herifsin olm sen
So, we are a melting point
Shouldn't UK have a "should we leave EU" referendum every 3 years because apparently that's what democracy is
The map they proposed is deemed unacceptable and they had their "non-acceptance letter" ready before the negotiations, TC negotiator said.
Even every wives of the Ottoman sultans were all foreigners.
I had over 35 kids in my class
In conjunction with accusations by figures like Joe Biden
Not to be offensive or anything but out of all places, it being in Poland makes it 10 times scarier lol
Not everyone is in the politically conscious bubble
Dunno how it is now
If they are just assumptions got any examples?
Why am I not surprised to see this shit every day
Also I think Polyska is patriotic song i also like it very much
I didnt say its simply wtf
I wish something like that would happen, they can only leave there by force, they act like they're living a very hard life there (these kind of people are very common especially in Germany) while not knowing the country's language, not integrating into their society and making Turkey worse every day by voting for the current government.
Erdogan
what about "some pierog", "all pierog" and "many pierog"?
Usually there's a slight difference in tone you can hear
So many protests everywhere
PS: Second language ≠ Foreign language
English or German, so you can emigrate and wash dishes for the richer Europeans
Yep that is what i tried to say.No country in Europe can come cross to prodcution of USA which makes the variety a disadvantage.
No, of course not
Basically the movie"purge"
He refused to step on a Greek flag while entering İzmir as a response to Konstantin stepping over a Turkish flag, saying "We fought people who wanted to invade our homeland, not a whole nation.
According to polls she may get approx
We have problems on Aegean and Mediterranian Sea for nearly 30 yrs
It's ministry, so it is a govertnment institution
The rope in northern Cyprus hahaha
I was thinking its white and red till now
It's mostly basic English, no way 97% of the Netherlands speaks English
He was also sarcastic about the 1961 constitution since he found it "too democratic". He said:
I don’t know if this is common but my mum calls it “Taht”(Throne) as like “When will our king leave its throne
You don't get to just keep trying until you get the result you want
He uses fear and hatred to attract those bastards
During breakfast, after breakfast, with a snack, after dinner etc
If only they looked like those Viennese or Parisian shop + apartment combos instead.
TRT1=(Turkish Radio Television) used to only tv channel in turkey back in the day now they produce turkish tv series about turkish history such as :
At the back, you can see the rock tombs of Pontic Kings dating from about 200 BC.
Every time we protest, we put our health and well-being in danger.
differ considerably than those of your parents, grandparents, great grandparents?
There are shelters for dogs already
I'm not saying no one likes Greece, we just have more important problems such as economy, terrorism and lack of education
Just my humble opinion
> my 13 year old ass
568 people were arrested 235 of them were arrested because they cheered death of those people who died in the bombing or made PKK(KCK) propaganda on social media(Also some of them were released after interigation because most of them were "LOL IT WAS MADE AGAINST POLICE FUCK THEM" kinda people who are racist,idiots but mostly sympathizer).
The second biggest city, Ankara has average lows of -3 in January.
Mine did that, he'd base his lessons on activities on the news
Out of topic but I’ve recently read Murakami’s Colorless and the Japanese character there goes to Finland
You can divide Turkey up to a certain point politically but when shit hits the fan we will unite, we are not like Iraq we won't revolt against Erdogan if doing it has the potential of destroying our country.
Just habsburg things
Seven Cats tho
Never again
I didnt say its simply wtf
Over two months, a dozen Syrians in six places of worship in three cities told Reuters they were uncomfortable with very conservative messages in **Arabic-speaking** mosques.
7 = yedi
Poison and Venom means Zehir
Agglutinative gang
About 12 eur for 100 down 10 up here
I saw 54 too
The AKP government doesn't want to make full investigation because they were part of the infiltration, so much that they try to make the Parliamentary investigation useless.
-leave the apartment door open so animals can get warm inside during winter
He made a fool of himself when he lost by a slight margin in Istanbul and forced a re-election
•Turkish Nationalism
It is a Turkish dish, not Greek
Artvin also had a different feeling to it, more like Georgia, which isn't surprising because it had been Georgian historically
Especially Jews in Thessaloniki, which was in essence a Jewish city, took a loyalist stance after the Balkan wars.
[My own music] of course
Balkan spring incoming
Yeah bro your "strong" leaders suck balls.
Some people made it worst that they put, eggs and other stuff into to coffee to make it harder challenge which ended up killing the their future husband
If you ask something to driver, you start with Thank you then say something like these
It's not a huge feat to build such structures any more
Lol same for Turkey we call our omelette "Menemen"
People protest-voting for literal nazis or communists or some other extremist fringe movement and being horrified when they get elected
I am a Kemalist and a real follower of the ideas of Kemalism such as:
Murat IV was restrict ruler
People keep getting jailed even for making videos like 'Why We Should Vote No in the Refefendum?'
It also has a beautiful ancient city called Knidos
Someone call almost every political party in Turkey, the equivalents of Golden Dawn, since extremism, racism and ultra-nationalism are really that normalized in Turkey
They think that you are scared of us and hold us a grudge because Turks reached Vienna.
it is
Russia (Ottoman's enemy for many centuries)
And get accused of Turkish Cypriot genocide 50 years later
Only moment we weren't free was 1920-1922 during Turkish Inpendenence War
It can arrangeable, though
I think that Le Pens party is more right-wing socially, politically(Nationalism, Independence), more left wing economically (support of welfare state, socialism etc).
“Counter-terrorism police reportedly say the shooting "appears to be a terrorist attack".
Those aren't kebabs
Primary ed tho
It is still seen as a wonderful choice by the majority of people
This is mostly used by kids tbh :P.
I thought this was about elections not his policies.
The borders are what they are and they aren't changing, nationalists on both sides have to deal with that.
Sun is hot but i just get under a shade
Our relations are purely strategic—it's not like two countries at loggerheads can become BFFs just like that.
They have lots of schools all around Europe and Africa, he has pictures with pope
(winks in ottoman)
It's not just erdoğan that's the problem but also his cronies that has infiltrated all parts of government that still need to cleaned out for turkey to return the normal.
The fields are guarded by military police tho
USA armed them now leaving them on Turkey’s border without any control
10 TL = 1 KG orange (maybe) or a packet of Lay's chips
Citizenship and Resident Alien (e.g.
"Freedom of speech" is not "Freedom of whatever you say".
Uzbek / Turkmen - 50%/60%
Turks pay really good amount of money there
As I said at the beginning we are trying to explain our situation logically, as best as we can
oh come on, if we had those intention we'd do it a milenium ago not in this age where people go crazy over cutting 10-15 trees.
In fact, the movement had begun about more than a century ago but it only made its way to the official state agenda in 1932
Same group of allies that threatened to pull their missile systems when diagreements happened?
Always been legal in Turkey since its foundation
In every military aspect there is an example of this
We're not against it
cık,
Unless we buy guns and shoot anyone who tries something funny I don't see how we can stop them from committing fraud
A: 52%
Gulen did not flee coz of Erdogan, he fled our secular regime back then when Erdogan wasn’t even a name
And a little Mediterranean culture
The Rus were pretty late to the party.
It would be much easier for any party in government to "visit expats" as representatives of the state if the law was enforced, compared to the opposition.
Damn, i thought you were remembering the soldiers died fighting against the Spanish
In my opinion, the non-believer percentage may be something between 5-10%.
1 in 5 is absurd
Some old women are using this privilege as social meetings
Some people made it worst that they put, eggs and other stuff into to coffee to make it harder challenge which ended up killing the their future husband
Hopefully yes.( I am just thinking long term)
Jesus, what more does he want
Turkey is a pretty diverse country
Can I say studying
And the funny thing is, the word Kırıkkale means "Broken Castle". And even It's mayor said It's a "meh" city
It is cool
Carl Gustav XII is Demirbaş Şarl (Ironhead Sharl)
" Spain come on we talked about this, you need to stop drinking
Hindi.(and india is Hindistan lol)
Question is, what is he doing in Finland?
Nevruz
Get them mad and soon enough they'll start taking low blows.
Keep jacking off to their little gestures as they continue to exploit half the fucking world
The word tzatziki is just their way of spelling the word Cacik
>All I remember is that turkey was fighting the Kurds who were fighting Assad and Isis
Glory To The Red Army
By the way, to let you understand the extend of this organization, 6 months ago 2 flight dispatch in a Turkish airline company got fired, and they disappeared within half an hour, all social medias and such
Allahına kurban
The unemployment rates are skyrocketed
Don’t see yourself as independent from *that* nationalism, because you are not
And the solution he presents is not avaible in a lot of countries
I googled "Swedish guy meme" and posted the first link here without checking if they were Nazi or not.
It's the voters responsibility to weed out misinformation before making decisions
What in hell is this logic
And in the end all of İstanbul is ugly
The unemployment rates are skyrocketed
Have literally no idea about the native language equivalents of the terms I use on a daily basis since I have always learned/taught/been taught/written about them in English
Poland had penguins too right
Work work
When I said "you have to wear that veil thing whenever you are outside in Turkey" it was based on a real event
Not to defend homophobes, but in Turkey tear gas and otherwise police brutality is the reaction to dissidents and protesters in general, not a specific reaction to a gay pride march
Our relationship with Europe always been just a necessary mutual cooperation.
Lol öl means die in Turkish
I also walked to work today, and I've been walking too much through the snowstorm, here's a few more pictures to add on:
Çomars
" and makes you play
You are all wrong about one thing
It's a province that neighbors Ankara and It's sole purpose is to keep Ankara's air clean by building all the factories there
Not many but more than you'd think
Let’s constantly post genocides Europe, Canada, America committed and try to get these countries punished with the discourse, and let’s praise Isis equally just as we do for YPG and let’s talk about puppet regimes Americans are installing by sabotaging countries instead of Putin’s imperialistic dreams and see the results
Russia
I also forget words which makes me sound pretentious when I say it out loud
Tbf Turkish has a lot of these
Match the similar sounding ones and unfortunately throw the rest away (e. g. No vowels) . Thank God we switched to Latin script which covers all the sounds in Turkish
Hamburg is definately beautiful.
Collective punishment is a disgusting thing.
Shit they even have similar names
For comparison, US’s GDP is 21 times larger then Turkey’s.
Us secular turks stand with you guys
some men just want to watch the world burn
Mf killed the economy last night, we will see what's coming next
Something other than a fucking bird name that's for sure
I’ve witnessed some of them even split the food and mark the juice bottles
It's now way beyond this
But when it comes to Central Asia it becomes very hard,of course  I can understand most of the words but I cant understand when someone speaks
Ministry of Education gives a 100 book recommendations list each year with small changes
My hometown is near to Cyprus close enough to see the silhouettes of the mountains
Central Anatolia is a fine example
Sorry cant compute the simple joke.
lets see
One woman said “we didn’t have touch screen telephone before Erdogan(means before 2002), we need thank for Erdogan because he makes the deals”. In free market that Turkey has
Corruption EVERYWHERE
**Block it by turning sideways
Who wants to join this club ? Europe is dying and no one fucking care this club
As a skinny black dude currently touring Greece, people very easily recognize me as American
Renewables are not yet good enough to replace the fossil fuels
I always saw them as the most civilized nation that borders my country Turkey
She said in the book made by state shows Serbia as the aggresor so she had to teach it like that
Dont be fooled, Europans are not allies nor friends.
Maybe Roma and Pomaks as well.)
Weirdly the French are always the best at doing it
Northern Cyprus - Cyprus/Greece
I don't know if it's still happening but Christian and Jewish artisans in Istanbul used to give everyone warm milk in bayram mornings for example, not even Muslim shopowners did that.
Turkey has whole book written why Turkey is fat
State of Turkey is a Republic
Winners dictate what's justified
It is silly to imply that Bekir Bozdag meant things like this when he said there will be consequences.
Sorry neighbour but I'd really love to have the big Aegean Sea and the Mediterranean Sea
000 pounds
Soviet attack again
So since both sol and left contain the letter "l", they are the same.
3- Russia
I thought it was Turkish :)
Rakı - Greece
Fucking Chad
The sound of each letter already exist in your language
If it is true, then that means you support a racist
People talk big about democracy but in the end everyone hates democracy if it gets the result they don't want and love democracy if it gets the result they want
After reforms of Mahmud II Empire started to westernize her music culture and a lot of songs and marches were composed I will do a list of those songs instead of giving one example:[Gondol Şarkısı ] [Mecidiye Marşı ] <—this march was composed by an Italian
Couldn't believe at first look
Why tho
Lol what kind of fairy tale are you living in exactly?
Considering that one Bulgarian lev is like a billion liri ot doesn't sound good
Georgia and Azerbaijan  has at least land in Europe
Enjoy the food, get drunk and try to kill each other while arguing which Empire was the best
Half the threads that mention Turkey, there is at least one comment from some butthurt person saying "Turkey isn't Europe, this shouldn't be here
I don't know, but really wonder what's weird about Wisconsin accent
The cold war social retardation really showing itself in this thread.
Georgia (Armenia)
Looks like the flag of some dystopic government set in a sci-fi movie
If you are Turkish you will have trouble finding jobs, renting houses in certain neighborhoods, even entering some clubs, restaurants.
Literal Nazis almost won the election in Austria.
On the contrary, Turkish people who are born in Germany typically end up in some form of Germanophilia if they come back to Turkey for work at some point
Mosques are closed
Because they know the struggle.
I can say that my decades old love for sandals can be traced back to those books
Go to guillotine
Ankara will stand alone
"Just wait until the referandum, I have some idiot nationalist votes I'll try to get with the big bad west rhetoric"
jokes aside I was thinking about Us and Canada but I want to stay close to my family in Turkey.
It is not a quote I read the TAK's statement before posting that.
They are not the majority of western parts of Turkey.
Well I'm not actually sure about AK's but rest definitely doesn't.
The thing is one of the people in this said billboard is none other than Selena Gomez photoshopped into wearing a turban
grape leaf wrap
It would make half the population think better of you and other half want to throw you off a cliff
Same can be said to you people.
No one spoke like the Ottoman elite except for themselves
Religion is always subjective as its nature though.
Agreed
Ahahahah in Turkey it's totally the opposite
If you are to visit rural areas in Turkey, you are also highly likely to witness the everlasting conflict between modernist/secularists and conservatives
Well, i don't really have any numbers to back it up right now to be honest, but with a little digging im sure we could find some
Trump is just the guy you have in this decade
Did you ditch the english class or something?
Why
Below 10 is very cold
We have a circumflex for when vowels have different pronunciations but nobody ever uses them so it is common to make reading mistakes
People would say "he still has around %40-45 percent support (among 100 voters, turnout is around 85-90 so you make the math)" but you should remember that the whole GOVERNMENT of Turkey is basically a propaganda machine right now
We LOVE sitting
I don't know Istanbul but the country has 89 operative and 46 under  construction buildings over 150 meters
I already agree with what you wrote.
Also its easier in their written language
And Asian side of the city has some amazing places you don’t wanna miss
Lol "qırımtatar tili" literally translates to "Crimean Tatar Language" whereas there is a literal "Tatarça" which looks the more appropriate way to name an language, I wonder why they did not just name it "qırımtatarça" or something like that
Siktir
By "even cant buy meat" i meant the situation is really bad
That concept is alien to Turkish speakers
Pasta:
They needed to have voices and eyes in the parliament.
Considering that the justification for Germany to take it in Franco-Prussian war was the German speaking populations, it's actually not reverse but parallel.
In an effort to combat Communist groups in the South-East, (who everyone calls Kurds(but there were significant ammounts of Turks as well))  the CIA funded far-right winged terrorism (The Grey Wolves and Alparslan Türkeş) who killed left-winged students or activists who wanted to stop the USA from putting ships in the Bosporus
This is a new world and has been so for years
the last one got me especially and the strange thing is that police didn't even care so i really had to let it go, it's so sad but nevertheless switzerland is lovely
The AI claims that Le Pen will still lose 45 to 55 in the second round.
have you ever seen a hospital bed in Romania
I strongly recommend, but it should be done properly
The old guy being beaten in the ground in the second video is Gökhan Atılgan, one of the most prominent proffessors of politics and journalism in Turkey.
What's the reality
Destabilising an already suffocating Turkey won't serve nobody, least of all to Europe
You bring your stuff with your bag
Then Sultan sees him flying and decides that he is a dangerous man
Because of your national football team maybe?
And how did you reach to the ridiclous conclusion?
I speak four languages and I know exactly how much work I had to put in each one of them to get where I am today.
Yup, we generally do so
I remember my windows shaking while the jets flew above
_do_ put dots over it
Traitors
I like punk rock
That's very beautiful
How do they explain the Bulgar language in article?
In spring, you can watch the Bosphorus while blossomed judas trees covers the region and then next day, travel to east to visit some beautiful ski resorts still covered with snow
I always though Germans give great easy name to a chocolate brand :)
it means "prophet's camel"
Siege of Kobana happened in 2014...And PKK said Turkey was building outpost and building dams to Kurdish cultural and after Suruç bombing(ISIS bombing) they killed 2 police officers in their sleep and said it was the revenge for the bombing(also Erdoğan made things worse and directly caused the collapse of the cease fire with his remarks).
suck it europe
You keep trying to defame our history with your rotten arguments
After one week, Ministry of Education organises an exam which you need to pass 70 points.
Corruption, fake media, politics etc
I have a picture of my favorite band, Rage Against The Machine
Also Ottomans treated far worse to Slavs than any other christian minority.
Ankara isn't interestin either
You can find erdogan lovers on the internet easily
hey these so called leaders are fucking cunts
Poland is just like Turkey but Christian
Refugees buy a plastic boat and lifevest and cross the border.
I thought some of the caricatures needed more translation and explanation, so I tried to translate them in more detail.
They live together in the dormitory, where they plan their latest pranks
Someone managed to put it into the German tourist market and it became the very Turkish thing to have, to bring back home etc
For the non-Turkish here, some of these marches are the anthems of the current oppressive islamist regime in Turkey, which like to show the ottoman culture as if it's the ancestral culture of Turkey, paving the way to a monarchic regime in the future
French laicite is based on not allowing religion in any shape or form to influence public life and only allow religon as a private matter.
Personally, he spent 1915 in Gallipoli, far away from the eastern Anatolia.
There is a reason for him being internationally known
Let me try:
To be fair it can mean both of them depending on the context.
Anyways, explanation of this image is that simple
Don't believe it
for Ottomans in 1890: sick man of europe
That will be a net loss especially for the islands.
There are also many tunnels, catacombs you can’t access or unaware of really
It sounds pretty good
Well, not so popular but the "Laz Baba's Surmene Kitchen Knifes" became popular by teleshopping channels ads
r/accidentallythefirstreich
Early years of the republic probably
Tekirdağ=Tabby Mountain
I go and vote in the elections.
"silivri is cold
Another negative headline for Turkey.
Yes, I mean, they shutdown every fucking porn site with URL filtering
- "Disabled" or "homeless" beggars that actually work for organized crime syndicates - they're actually dropped off in public places every morning and driven back every evening by their "handlers". Usually they're neither homeless nor disabled in reality, or they'll have a kid or someone disabled by their side so that they can abuse and exploit them to guilt you into giving them money
STRONG CATALONIA
Is it because everyone is so food secure but anally obsessed or they don't know of any other way than paper to clean themselves if they need
I lived 13 years in the US where I got to try out not only pork, but also venison, bear, frog, gator, and kangaroo.
But they can’t project their full power regarding logistical issues while Turkey can fly over the Syrian skies easily considering the amount of airbases in Turkey
We built a defense mechanism that can stop nuclear warheads why not just build one that stops earthquakes..
He said it to a physicist (Erdal İnönü)
But everyone can understand Istanbul Turkish which is the main dialect of Turkish
That's a pretty interesting protest, i was really amazed when i first heard about the singing revolution
It's a bit disturbing when I have to talk about them in Turkish
I know it's hard to believe but you just got to take my word on this one.
Edit: [link]
60 anayasası Türkiye Cumhuriyeti tarihindeki en özgürlükçü anayasaydı.
Turkey would be a lot harder than other countries since I know a lot more songs
Edit: I also checked house prices in Lisbon and Porto just  in case I want to live there
Which will make you smell onions all day long
Something huge is happening already.
[Morning in Balat]
Many Muslims don't want Sharia.No one can judge who is muslim or not because it is between that person and god.Some belifes in Islam say x is not true muslim but for them only they are trur muslims.
That glorious Eastern Europe aesthetic.
USA
All right SÖR.
Lol just watch you flip out when someone makes a genocide joke
I think it is still, though, so at best, we’ll have to agree to disagree
Sistine Chapel
It's a ticking timebomb I can guarantee you that
Oh I personally believe there is at least a group of immigrants who consciously refuse to integrate, which is quite difficult for me to understand
There's a few reasons, one being what Capitalism has done to my country
Yazdım gitti tamam boşver
Well, Istanbul is the anchor of that region, and it has had so much migration from the rest of Turkey that its maybe at best 50-50 on culturally different.
thats old
But Ephesos, by far, is the most amazing place I've ever been to
(TR)
It’s just, you know, 49% of Turkey is exactly like you, me, secular, western, and they already feel like shit about the shape of their country and trying to fix it while apologising about what Turkey is doing right now
So this is no excuse for Turkey.
I will assume that most responders who are okay with a rich and liberal Turkey in the EU would have picked the "Yes with reforms" option.
Honestly I have no idea how reddit is still open in Turkey since considering how much Erdogan bashing happens here I would have expected it to be one of the first sites that they would block
Kurds deserve equality and they are sick of PKK
Pfff, like Brazil a real thing!!
For once I'm glad Turkey is not in EU because if we were, we would definitely at the bottom of this list
But I personally prefer green olives
And those are really not a big deal at all.
It looks like France is answering its neighbors lol
Sikimden aşağı kasımpaşa - Below my dick kasımpaşa (Kasımpaşa is a name of an area in İstanbul)
Rich people don't buy the shitty park drugs
A good writer might be able to write the best GTA game in Istanbul, and I played all the GTA games over and over again
That's why we can't talk about democracy without a proper media and freedom of speech
The other option would be Istanbul but it had been the capital of the empire for hundreds of years and thus was symbolising the monarchy; not to mention that it was dangerously close to the border now that the country has lost most of her land in the Balkans
People need to take some responsibility for their actions, but it's easier to blame things on the system
They tear down or censor anything that has "no" in it which is why I am kinda optimistic about the referandum but I also feel like Erdogan won't accept the outcome.
There should be a NATO station in rotation like every 4-5  years in every NATO country to learn to work with each other
I really wish that one day I can say that I want to live in my country, but for now, no
From this thread it seems like even first world countries suffer from propaganda in religious lessons
Especially city of Kars
Hocam sen açıklamaya çalışma en iyisi.
Even if I could visit 135 countries visa-free, I wouldn't. Turkish lira has less worth than Turkish passport lol
(Intro : I'm secular guy who really respects fundamentals of western/european civilization)
No please no Turkey is surrounded by enemies
He said they crossed over to the grey zone whenever they wanted dogfight training, and Greek pilots did the same.
They aren’t exactly near residential areas though
Hüsnü converted to İslam when he moved to İstanbul.
Even the most educated countries have little to do against that
It is called Gray City
Thanks for the clarification
Turkey has been taking in a ton of refugees so that might affect the averages here.
As someone who knows the history of the Ottoman and the Republic, I say that;
Easily
”. He replied that, he was expecting that we have deserts and camels, exotic houses, nearly all women covered up, men with longer beard
What world do you live in
I mean Communi- ohhh that's why
Don't forget -je words like 'broertje' little brother
i lived in istanbul for a year and never passed to the european side
Yeah, Saudi Arabia, along with Turk Turks please.
Hey fellow gayreek
So Ontario, geographically being in North America has very little to do with North America.
Those hotels are usually all inclusive (as in all you can eat+drink)
It might be an iPhone 6 probably a 6, but I'm never sure.
Americans can keep their nonsense to themselves, I'm annoyed when they push their Americentric beliefs on to rest of the world
No, because you posted the same comment 5 times in a row.
Netherlands is one of the nicest countries in the world, I don't want another visa crisis in my life like the one with USA
You can wing it until it's time to go back home.
The reis, the kayser, the legend of course.
Mate, I want to live in Northern countries because I love cold and dark weathers
It would be nice if there weren’t so much action
I know you all are strong enough to overcome this tough times
United Kingdom
Ottomans, USA, South American nations, Sardinia Piedmont/Italy
How honest is the average mechanic where you live?
A separate entity on its own
Chaliphate was abolished 1924 and Mehmed VI's cousin was Chaliphate before it was abolished.And you are right altough we don't have any control over majority of sunni world(and we didn't when it was abolished) we still have a huge control over our own muslim popilation thanks to Diyanet and we are one of the most secular Muslim country in the world.
College-educated people like to migrate due to social issues and in the case of Turkey it sucks right now.
Lol same for Turkey we call our omelette "Menemen"
The [Turkish] economy may collapse soon: Daron Acemoğlu
Oh comment section looks like a mess to me
But at least it's not French
We are from Asia/Siberia
Working in Turkey
When it comes to religion i would say it is much more religious than Europe but much less religous than the Middle East
Lol not all of them are from a single country
>I wouldn't say that they qualify as a rock band
Now we are just dreaming of living above poverty line
But this can be implemented to many areas with low circulation of people
I don't know how church does it looks like irl but this artwork is amazing
Ah i see, its urban population is higher and compact then.
If it's not about being far right you would prefer alternate methods over fucking over millions of people based on assumptions.
They essentially have the mental capacity of 5 year olds.
I’m a cat person as well but dogs are nice too
She said something like men would consider a failed suicide attempt as a weakness while women suicide attempts would be a cry for help or a chance for secondary gain
Be that it's a bit old now
An Armenian comforting an Azerbaijani
Enes Batur gang rise up
Who gives a fuck whether he was a vegetarian or not.
But Adana and doner kebabs are definitely not like that
You made me laugh, thank you kind stranger
off to go to scotland
Textile and automative sectors will be hit.
and the ones who read it do it in arabic without knowing what the fuck they are reading.
They have one, it's called AFD and it's not getting a lot of votes.
He probably knew about it beforehand and chose to use it to his advantage instead of stopping it, but there's no real way to prove it.
Say that to my face irl fgt and see what happens
He does because the internet told you so, got it.
So a lot of estimates put the actual figure in the 90-95% range for people who call themselves Muslims in any way, and people who practice anything beyond calling themselves that shouldn't be over 50-60%.
Love Hungary
The masses need something to forget about their misery for a while
I mean, is qatar bad
Soviet attack again
Istanbul, Kapadokya, Izmir, Pamukkale, and Antalya
Why is noone doing this for the Uygurs
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
Wonder why it's never included
We're building a nuclear power plant and are thus getting less reliant on the Russians.
I am sure that the Turkish government is not so incompetent to not be able to stop smuggling if they wanted to.
But imagining a reporter speaking with -mış, just feels off
They vote HDP because of ethnicity, not because of HDP's liberal, green views.
He is just playing into nationalist votes.
Turkey uses Leo2A4s and M60T in Syria (their new tank will be in serial production this year and Leo s will be upgaraded to LeoNGs).
And the reason is not "not having the same ideals".
i got lost at heathrow airport, i followed my gut feelings and called my parents since i got so scared at that moment
Is that the only two descriptions you know?
More like [CUP] Young turks was a movement was a liberal reform movement that pretty much every minority backed.
Well that sucks you can bet that he's not in Germany anymore
First seen here
It's very clear this claim isn't true but people are still discussing like it really happened, pretty stupid
Wait really
I've never seen any of them convinced despite being bombarded with mountains of evidence.
I'm not a big fan of what erdo is doing in syria but thats kinda true
TC side never even talked about Turkish military presence in the island or defended it, which was the most problematic point of negotations according to the GC side.
Including the tourists from Israel
I'd say India, China or CANZUKUS would be the main power
Almost nothing changed in the mediterranean countries(except for italy) edit: why did i got downvoted for this-_- you guys are racists
They are right to be so
For İstanbul, i am thinking of an anatolian rock song, both ethnic and rock at the same time, just like the city, in a perspective, it is overpopulated, dirty and dangerous, but if you live there you mostly dont mind those because you are a part of the city now and you know how to enjoy it
Louis Braille invented the braille
It is between Africa, Europe and Asia
At least yours seems to have had a good reason.
It was recommended to read in 8th grade and it is full of words that I didn’t know and experience was like you can read it but don’t understand a thing at all
Great Britain (WWI and they always joined our Russia problem)
Kurds deserve their own state
We didn't notice it either and look where that lead us
But my mom can only turn into a tomato
Problem is there, how to seperate someone who is opposing the goverment and the other one making terrorist propaganda.
I think it means "let's roll another one", though couple of attempts have failed
Süleyman, Mehmet, Osman, Selim, Murat, Beyazıt, Orhan
We have a kurdish seperatist and autonomus movements
If he talks about attacking Turkey and Turks then I obviously will defend my nation.
in 20s they were sucking england
It does translate as the "Patriotic Party" in English
And they vote for dictators when they don't even encounter the consequences
they should overthrow their own leader
Can we just cut this bullshit, please?
How about making it as useful and productive as NASA first
And it takes a long time for a reactor to be in need of new supplies of fuel
United we stand, divided we fall...
If you were to insult or curse him, and you're not anonymous (or the content holder -reddit in this case- is willing to share your information), you are likely to be sued (&amp; jailed).
we say the first food cones to mind ends with an "i"
Edit: lol at Turkey calling for persecution of Armenians
While Android phones try to adjust their price wit the economy of the people
Our good ol' neighbors in the East are extremelly aggressive and have expansionist tendencies
Thats the insulting thing
I strongly advise you to not believe the media until this election is settled and statements are made from elected sides
Thank you, but by you I meant West
Feel free to read [this] article instead of the usual stuff from A Haber, Yeni Şafak and TRT.
Turkey too for sure
I am not very knowledgable about İzmir so other folk can explain that question better
I'll arrest you for taking pictures of some park, and then release you, and I'll tell you to be thankful.
Edit: I see, only downvotes but no answer
Turkey is still in the top 20 despite governments retarded comments tanking our currency.
Nobody speaks Scots
Nah he is same with an avarage Turk.
- Enver Pasha (maybe
They were already throwing ppl out of the civil service or sending ppl to useless posts in the same time frame.
If you know the Turkish alphabet, you can pronounce every single word
I've seen a couple Lada Nivas in my mother's hometown
Government doesn't even deny the genocide happened, they just have a particular problem with that word
5 L water for 0
I wonder if Balkans will ever be free of this chauvinism.
For me, if it wasn’t included with the ridiculous rules of “no bar etc within 300m or whatever, I’d have zero issues
They have no idea of life in Turkey, they are delusional and they must be expelled
Erdogan has stated a while back :
The AKP has been pushing the martyr thing for years now as a part of the "islamistation" of Turkey.
Ataturk has nothing to do with it anymore
My inspiration for "Turkia" came from Romance languages really
For many people living at a minimum fish sticks are a great and cheap source of protein.
There are no Turkish immigrants in Portugal, what the fuck are you talking about.
You can't have fun in Turkey anymore and now we gonna play "whodunit" again.
We can't do shit to Russia, believe me, .If they hold the tourist from coming to us
Mosques are no more
As for the European part, it certainly is in Balkans
The region has been ambiguously French and German at the same time for a while.
Why do many radical Muslims hate on the values and cultures of the country they immigrate to
Tukey is more homophobic than western europe for sure but it is probably closer to Eastern Europe and Homosexual acts are different for countries and for cultures.
It doesn't look like a good idea.
Erdoğan must be jealous
What an intellect." is what I'd like to say whenever I hear it, but I don't like causing a scene.
In consideration that Russia and Britain is weak and Austria and Germans are doomed
Sure but you also have no right to send them back if their home country doesn't take them.
What's next, döner with yogurt
Syria isn't really oil rich and most of the existing wells aren't even in Northern Syria so I don't know what you're talking about.
Governments aren't for-profit organisations.
Yeah, maybe
He tells the crowds that "Women use monkeys to do bad stuff" and this gets the attention of a few monkey haters around him
bülülülüm mülülülülüm dürürüürrürüm öböböböblüççççülüm
Am moustache, can confirm
Same, except we do it only when we board
If data shows something good: exclude Turkey cause it’s not in Europe
Erdoğan is threatening Turkish seculars.
Currently between 20-30% or maybe less
Turkey was bored from all the Middle East bullshit so they left
What has EU have done positively to Turkey?
*(if i can consider georgia as my country)* [mcdonalds] [in batumi] ate once there, i have to admit that the place makes you wanna eat there
agglutinating for life bro !!
Watch your tongue
Another common scam by taxi drivers is relying on your lack of attention and handing you the change from 20 liras even though you gave them 200, or change for 10 liras instead of a 100, for example, if you'll notice they'll keep insisting you gave them less than you actually did
I don’t see why tank project or helicopter can’t be as successful as our drone project
Also, tall man is of Muslim Georgian origin but guess that doesn't count too
>boquerones
this is coming from me, a guy considered almost asocial in turkey
It is everywhere
I just mostly lie about the duration of the traffic, if I’m being late
I hate you
Politicians are the generally the opposit
Racist people are racist because they are prejudiced against other races.
But people have been mocking him as a practical sport the entire time I've been paying any attention, and now I live here and we complain about/mock him all the time.
My village in turkey is a former Armenian village
I explained that in Izmir March there is nothing against to Greeks as well as in Kafkasya March it is about a non-specific enemy
The only beautiful thing about it is the Mausoleum
And for your information, we view Hungarians as our brothers
I agree both are unnecessary but uncircumcised dick looks ugly
The one in the middle school was separate in my experience too but not high school
The electorate is 40M+ strong, that's the last thing anybody is worrying about.
I mean even if I was an AKP supporter I don't think I'd vote "yes".
> Has Turkey on the map
10 minute walk
German humour's supposed to suck.
Honestly aside from all the bad things happening last couple years, we at least have kebab and Döner
I would like to thank Greece for always being there for a light hearted tease
Has a early Republican era vibe on it.
It is exactly opposite in Turkey
from that time on i never paid a fucking cent to any book....ever.
Dont comment at me "but people can't afford shit in Turkey" because I know
Our shitty apartment buildings, our shitty parks, our shitty roads
How would getting sick of coalitions make people vote for AKP exactly
That make sense
Things were like that until the language reform in the Republic era in 1930s.
I didn't think that it could have been Turkish
It's like my own government fucking teasing me deliberately
Definitely No
Wow, French really hate Philippe Petain
This is all Erdogan's knowledge of anthropology:Arabs live in the desert, Kurds live in the mountains
Here the standard is Istanbul Turkish, and it's also more or less the written form
I disagree about fez but it is a shame that we don't wear [kalpak] anymore.(During Ottoman era Officers in the Army wore kalpak)
Playing games in Turkish just feels weird
They are rich enough to live in Europe but they’d still say erdogan is a world leader
Not just the tourists, the local prices fuck us over too.
Create a common enemy to ignore real problems such as economy
She says she felt like an absolute animal, a puppet
edit3: If you make a "is it safe to visit Turkey
Don't give, even if you are offered Earths, this heavenly motherland
Many Americans are coming to Turkey for health tourism
This seems like a rather small project from a few independent journalists who seems to be sympathetic to the Kurdish situation at South East and concerned about the general undemocratic trends going on in the government.
Dude, that was 4 years ago
[Wiki]
Last week he inaugurated a road junction.
When Erdoğan reached the time limit for being PM
And you're absouletly right most of our people is retarded ultra-nationalists and their fantasy world is more imaginary than harry potter or lotr
(He changed his name to Napoleon Bonaparte when he was young, in France.) His family were Italian Corsicans, in fact Napoleon did not learn French until collège (which
Their shadow represents the indirect effects their efforts might have on a persons actions/wishes)
Today Turkey is officially secular, but AKP is masquerading as a secularist party and they are abusing religion.
we can gladly populate those islands
So norway is going to be world's new northern pole
) at night
I think,The Republic Era and WW1 are in the context  you mentioned
Asia is pretty big you know its the biggest continent and Hungarians dont realy consider us brothers anyways so no reason to consider them as our brothers
turkish economy grew like 400 percent in the last 12-13 years.
Can you find a decent one that won't cheat you?
Wow, you guys managed to make this about muslims too.
Furthermore, living among so many Christians can increase one's Muslim victim complex.
"And if I die they will fart my dick"
Driving to work while listening to the radio is the highlight of my day
She's speaking about the "superiority" of the white race in general and Anglo-Saxon is what came to mind.
What do you think of mumbar or şırdan?
It's a mistake almost everyone I know makes
Cutting down a fig tree will bring bad luck
He saw their car and thought it was suspicions and went to check it.Attackers were behind the car with assault rifles.He killed one of the attackers but he ran out of bullets and got shot by the other one.
Shame, it should have been much higher.
Well, that's good
*unzips*
Yeah, We have one of those and generally they are called "Mom's Homemade Food" or "Mom's Cook"
I don't remember why it was happened but some pro erdogan fans protest it by squishing oranges and drinking juice lol
My new religion
How much of you are going for hunting party witchunters of Ireland
Luckily, some teachers are more independent from "official history", though.
What you meant
A repetition of that is possible at a smaller scale, and economic obstructions with our biggest trade partners would likely destroy our current government.
Gets annoying quickly
In Turkish, we have "Afiyet olsun" and "Kolay gelsin".
So jealous of your upvotes now
And those places were out of focus for Ottoman, never had big army in North-East.
Neither do I, pal
But I would answer as the reforms after the war not the war itself
Are we all not old enough to remember when Chrome was heralded too
But what Greece has done to Turkey outweights to what Turkey did
what 17 euro (150 try) can get you in turkey:5
Enes Batur gang rise up
It is always fun when countries make up problems out of thin air to conceal their real problems.
Always said it straight to the AKP, sometimes raging on the podium as the AKP deputies interrupted him all the time
I think immediately available(battleworthy) nuke arsenal of US surpasses those of Russia.
I absolutely refuse to believe that
You think you can be racist against Turks as you blame Turks for being racist and fascist
Straight outta canton
They use fish as like salt
It has only been withdrawn temporarily.
It actually doesnt mean they are uneducated but somehow people developed the idea of other accents other than Istanbul accent sound uneducated and this causes other accents to disappear so its not a nice thing and this attitude needs to change in my opinion
I appreciate if anyone who interested and followed this news to help me understand the law
Nothing kardeş, it's always been fine and orderly in Türkiye
Really can't be helped the bad parts of Ottoman history is either whitewashed or ignored in history classes however this phenomenon happens in every country that used to be an empire.
3-Sarajevo (Jerusalem of the Europe)
It might be more frequently after 70
It means to feel foreign or you can use it when someone is looking blankly
Yea because Ataturk was such a progressive leader...
Cypriot, Western Anatolian and European accents sound funny and uneducated
Link (its in turkish) [
I'm too much of a redhead to not wear sunscreen just to look at this picture
Remove kebab but it is reverse
This is basically this operation is all about
There's also the issue of cultural hybridisation, by the way
The state should only provide for necessities.
Hope so, man
Turkey is urbanised in a toxic and random way so the urban population is too large and too diverse to form a base for any group
No one is arguing anything different?
Turkland
Probably the Coup/Revolution of 27th May 1960
Blitzkrieg
I probably shouldn't complain about snowless winters in Istanbul
Erdogan’s dreams make him loose voters
I see people from Black Sea region does that a lot as I’ve experienced it my whole life
Brotherland for Azerbaijan and Little Homeland for Cyprus
In a speech in 2014, Erdogan stumbled and said "You can not preach my children about honestly earned food, although I have never had my children eat honestly earned food" to another party leader Kilicdaroglu
Lapland
There are different factions of nationalists under and beyond MHP voterbase.
Z with the line is very rare
Pied Drummer of Odense
Latin America
rest of the cities: utter shite mayors
There is the Zaza language, which is another Kurdish dialect distinct from Gourmanji (widely known as the Kurdish)
I was happy to fly it all the way through my visit
Under this sub or lots of subs, it is so common to find the expressions like "Turks genocided Armenians", "You first answer how you genocided Armenians" etc
just tell me, *HOW DO I ACTIVATE MY GENITALS*
This didn't really work because Turkish suffixes replace full words in English
Not a lot of people don’t vote
it worked fine with the vikings.
Well, most of the financial centers and the population is on the European part
looks similar to ireland a bit
I live in Turkey and i know the pain living under the rule of a dictator
Is this anti or pro, can't exactly tell.
[I got perma ban and was reported for this comment lol]
Italia is less than 20
Very well done
If I understand my Balkan History correctly (I have read 1 book on the subject) Vojvodina Serbs would be chilling in the background too
I guess they do, their production quality is better than older years
A Turk commend replied with a Polish Commend
Turkey is neither European nor Asian
If we are calling a group (male based) we mostly use  "beyler" [Bey means some sorta sir and -ler (it might be -lar depends on the word) is plural suffix] ;if we are talking with just one friend, we call him "kanka" (some sorta bro but its different) and we also use "oğlum" [It means my son
His friends tell him "You are French to this topic
there are some eastern Anatolian Armenian speaking "pockets"
Also has the man of the people charm, not too elitist
always has been
Also if cigarettes enter the illegal drug category, there will be a rise in crime, smuggling, and black market production, and rise of costs on war against drugs
What
They live in isolated immigrant lives, they never integrate.
And they are getting pissed as well.
Now he is using religion as a control tool and for getting votes
10 TL = 1 KG orange (maybe) or a packet of Lay's chips
New religious cults established that time (thanks to MSP again)
That number is surely inaccurate by orders of magnitude.
Ankara: a.k.a the grey city cause it has depressing autumns and winters, capital, Anıtkabir
Every system has to either go forward or backward, staying still isn't possible.
The number of uneducated East Asian and Ukrainian people in Czechia is nowhere near the number of Arabs and Africans in Sweden.
We have mosques with full blast megaphones and they use them for every God damn things
Turkish here
You have probably got baited by twitter
[Yes, it's fixed] :) np
I pretty much stopped being friends with him after that because I saw it as disrespect for the workers who had to finish that shit and it became clear how much of an alcohol problem he had.
If they pass into EU, Turkey will not accept them back.
I am Turkish so I don't really follow German politics but last week Cem Ozdemir made an interview with a Turkish journalist and I listened about the situation from him
In August it was pretty good
Era of erdo is ending soon but I don't find westerners sincere on willing turks good
They happen and they are a part of life
Between these times, I spoke them in English
He says that when they decided to publish *Lucky Luke* in Turkey in the mid 1950s, they wanted to use their own name for the character, and adopt the 'Red' from [*Red Ryder*] and 'Kit' from the title character of [*The Adventures of Kit Carson*] both famous Western stories of the time.
In that case I hope they try something radically different than the typical parliamentary or presidential system
Islam will never be moderate or tolerant
or japanese
lol
Yazı-tura(tuğra) =writing -padisah signature
Dark Souls is a masterpiece and i am patiently trying to beat it solo.
Many of my friends have piercings on their faces, some of them are teachers, paramedic etc
Selpak - Tissue paper
Because its Istanbul bro
From ''Turks never commit terror in Germany'' to ''Turks vote for Erdogan and some of them fight in Syria!''
The maximum Russians can do provide manpads to YPG and hope downing of more Turkish jets, which Turkey will eventually make more offensives and take more cities within Syria
Not all of us have pizza cutter, so we use knifes
Thanks for the suggestions I will check them
She lost all her jobs
Are you actually using Wikipedia as a source?
Kurdish votes are split between AKP and HDP.
It's obligatory secondary education process in Turkey
It's amazing to me that in this day and age; where we understand that discriminating people based on their skin color or their sexual orientation is wrong, there's this comment section which people discriminate other people based on their **leader**. People are not their leaders
Vernio FI
It is like (not all Americans) Americans think outside of their circle (NA/west EU) all the world is same with minor differences
Its Turkey, its a nice way of referring to Turkey in a sarcastic comment
It’s pretty much a dumpling but it’s mostly served with yoghurt and sauce on top
For example we talk about Sumer and Hittites longer than Rome
I think it means longing for someone which is close to sevda's meaning.
I swear those TV dating shows are awful.
It basically covers life of Atatürk and his revolutions
They come here every summer and her mother came too this one time (her parents are divorced)
My laptop has the standard windows 7 wallpaper
Them trying to flatter Iranians isn't the problem.
If agreement not succeed again, World will see Turkey sending troops as aggression so with current international stage would make Turkey loose all EEZ right that it claimed
Yeah honestly I find the sound of their names quite lovely
He didn't praise the coup he said people shouldn't leave their houses in the coup time for Erdogan and to be fair we really didn't know it was Gulen at that time.
(in turkish right-sag, left-sol).
Turkey is a really hard country to understand
Unfortunately when I saw Fargo, my English was not good enough to distinguish accents
The fifth and sixth pictures grabbed my attention
It's because for a long time there were rumors on the Internet that Coca-Cola backwards spelled "No God, No Muhammad" in Arabic.
By the way, It is rely on respect to each other
â, û and î not in [Turkish Alphabet] but in some words like hâlâ, hükûmet and dinî . Idk why they arent adding that letters in official Turkish alphabet
>Doping
we are
So both can't be done at the same time?I live in Turkey and have problems with the bad things goverment did and doing and i fight against it so you think this means that i can't defend Turkey even if someone claims something that isn't true?
>Most people here are agreed that turkey is transcontinental and kind of its own thing
You guys sure ain't biased
Evet efendim özür dilerim efendim
Unless you are rich enough to maintain your life well, the US is not "The Country of Freedom" but rather "The Country of Utter Doom".
[Why are you so quick to disagree with facts?] Even if you don't speak Turkish, the graphs shouldn't be hard to understand.
Neoliberalism may offer some benefits in theory, but it didn't work in practice.
Potential to sell will always be there even if we don’t it’s still better for us
Because solitude and loneliness is more valuable than comfort and warm
That explains how they managed to fuck up the setting.
Turkey should do well to remember, in the very end, we are all Romans
its hard for you to understand because it doesn't happen to you
Turkey is a really hard country to understand
Or 'faka' for more street vibes haha
To put it simply, because America is vast and open it’s roads are mainly straight
As far as I'm aware there is no threat of genocide in there.
8 million people lives on the European part of istanbul
Only death will take me from here.
You can see why we see it as disrespect
No matter how you look at it, our bodies are better equipped to deal with the heat and the sunlight.
Caliphate is supposed to be a good and moral thing in the eyes of an Islamist.
During his time as president he allowed other parties to open twice but they both got flooded with islamists and monarchists so he ordered both closed.
It's kind of like having a weird cousin that you fought alot with before but now you're OK and he's kind of nice when everyone else are assholes.
I just don’t like the idea of 11 years old kid to think about sex just to learn about it
The mosque was destroyed in Nagorno-Karabakh conflict though, nothing to do with the Armenian genocide I guess.
They won't go and fight for ISIS but have no problems supporting "humanitarian aid" organizations which they know that supply weapons to jihadists in Syria.
Much of the newly adopted words from that era (1930s) were accepted by the public, and some were left unused
They were just playing dead
Throw some words together and native speakers will understand what you are trying to say
turkey bad, give me upvote
Kurdistan
Look
It is a total mindfuck that people all the way in Western China speak a language related to mine
He is, but it depends on what Europe means
Even a profanity can be like this too
Turkey moment
Im wondering how the govt will react
I personally don't have that much hope from there.
So "uçak düştü" means "the plane fell down" in Turkey, but it's "the plane landed" in Azerbaijan
It's not persecution if you invade someone's lands and they kick your ass.
Catch up with your history first it is easier to count the countries you didn't invade than you invaded and you can create an massive encyclopedia out of British crimes against humanity.
Truly a paradise for cat people
TURKEY IS AFRICAN
Its population was roughly 40
The other minorities include: Albanians, Armenians, Assyrians, Bosniaks, Bulgarians, Chechens, Circassians, Crimean Tatars, Greeks, Lazi, Arabs etc
Can Europe sue America, specifically the American Republican party
“Su mu içsene” Drink something liquid(any type to find solution to problem)
I find it cute when Americans learn about Centerism and how the Democrats are not actually on the Left
Absolutely not
But the source is probably right)
Nice
- Friendly dudes or attractive girls chatting you up and bringing you to "their favorite" bar/pub/club that they obviously work at in reality, if it's a girl she might start flirting and ask you to buy her a drink, if it's a guy you just might start drinking together, then it will either turn out that the drinks cost 10x the normal amount or that the place has an "entrance fee" which may cost hundreds of dollars
I have been taught British English but Internet and Media is heavy influence by American English so that creates problem for my vocabulary
Just kidding, great work
And feet
Never heard of non-luxury cars being dealt in $.
Well, Ğ>ß>Ö>Others is more accurate
The most notable one for me was the 2015 Ankara bombing
Valtola FI
In a unlikely confrontation, Turkey will either get a backing from US or Russia.
Peygamberdevesi (Mantis) = Camel of prophet
" in public speeches and somehow, people believe
Two of my class friends went to Greece
I meant it is hard to prepare a good one.In Turkey a good Turkish coffe has to have a foam.We either cook it in cups and put the cups directly on fire([like this] or with copper pots that are called "cezve"([like this] (some people also cook it in heated sand).
Well, it's nice to know we're not the worst.
I'm talking about European people here.
Piri Reis is definitely a Turkish-descended surname.
My question would be; Is the West Poland more or less liberal than East Germany
**Kanka**: Shortening of *kankardeşi*, which means *bloodbrother*. We use it as "bro". Sometimes we type it as **knk**.
I know :)
We mostly use
Which had been their home more than 1000 years
Would be okay if some German Turks create terror organisation to separate area from Germany since 1978
Yes, the pavement was soft, windows steamy and basically everybody was suicidal.
Do people use 14/88 in seriously?
Source;
In the wrong neighborhood you can get hospitalized for kicking a cat
This is not first time that Turkey has taken refugees
*Olmaya baht u saadet dünyâda vahdet gibi*
It doesn't matter if that soldier is a hero, or not
It's called [Tost] It's basicly cheese and ham panini.
I just wanted to point out the lack of logic in your comment.
Even Trump is left wing compared to denmark smh.
Ottoman Empire fell in 1923 while EU established at something like 2002
Litetally everyone that knew shit about Libya and Syria repeatedly said that If West supported """"""""""""moderate"""""""""""" rebels, things would get much, much worse.
You are the son of the fallen, don't hurt your ancestor
Northern Cyprus is a fairly separate country that TR isn’t all that happy to be bankrolling to the tune of USA bankrolling Israel, considering the economic size difference of USA and TR
*anger entered the chat*
We basically say "O" for 3rd single person
I was a old memory but I remember it as plane area with no buildings for a long time
Happy marriage
some people claim that turks had matriarchy system in 'central asia'.
So its a heaven for me :p
How homogenous is enough for this guy?
50% are against Erdogan, so why do you call the whole country backwards?
What is surprising is that such a developed country can not provide proper healthcare to its citizens
The trains looked brand new last time I was in Stockholm but never noticed these
I just want to know if it's us or Iran next.
When was the last time DHKP-C used a bombing car?
Keep going strong
But keep in mind that Muslims read that newspaper
While Singapore didn't surprise me, France on 21 did surprise me.
, typically humorous in nature, that is copied and spread rapidly by Internet users, often with slight variations
I am full on board
Lessons are 40 minutes and there are 5-10 minute breaks in between
This way, he managed to get the votes of centrist spineless bigots
He keeps that for Hiroshima and Nagasaki, I guess
She said it was an awful song and the outfits were ridiculous
A lot of people in Turkey would be glad to switch with those fucking assholes
Fascism doesn't deal with the provlem of violence, it embraces ans builds upon it.
Neither it is voting repeatedly until the sheeple make the the choice you want
as a turk all coup leaders is bad
Trump fucking shit up here, Erdogan fucking shit up back home.
Went there, yeah the internet sucks but the ambience makes up for it
While Android phones try to adjust their price wit the economy of the people
Also, another mind-blowing fact is the Uyghur language is more similar to ours than Kazakh and Krgyz are, despite being farther from Turkey geographically
If it is salty, it means she doesn’t want to marry to you
Greenland is same as size as, or bigger, than Australia so why Greenland is not a continent
Sorry to all Swedish and Finnish people in this sub for that sentence :)
Do you truly believe that an organization willing to resort to such things is moral or justified?
Turkey, on the other hand, is barely considered European.
Now be a doll and read two centuries of scholarship about this subject, thanks.
It's the European Court of Human Rights established by the European Convention on Human Rights, ratified by 47 European countries.
lol
I don't know about the others but personally I find it best to stay and conform because I've got no other choice.
Most of the Turkish people don't do anything regarding it
I honestly don't think /u/_Hopped_ isn't fully joking.
And many Kurdish MPs (at least twenty, including the two chairmen of the Kurdish party) are in jail.
Gibraltar = Cebelitarık
Most infamous hadith is the one orders the execution of apostates.
It seems easy on paper but in reality that would cause Erdoğan a mountain of problems.
I sense pettiness in this comment
"*Alman Hesabı*" (German Constant) in Turkish
Turkey and Europe have never been friends or allies.
I wish I gave birth to stones instead of you
RIP
Turkish anthem called İstiklal Marşı means The march of Freedom is very epic one
Last year they threw eggs to Dutch consulate instead of the Russian one.
Weird people those are
Most of them are left from Roman/Byzantium era
i didn't even have to pick up any cans!
"We are now at a point where words end in the fight against terrorism
Look for my country first if someone has replied or not, if not answer it first then read other replies
We have the same thing in Turkish
That makes more sense, and better than believing in empty baseless lies
If you don’t turn them into kill shelters -shelters that kill dogs/cats after a certain time limit- shelter option is not an option
Barbarian turks kill kurd
But if Iraq government says they can leave the country with peace
Private: Koç Üniversitesi, Bilkent Üniversitesi, Sabancı Üniversitesi
How many votes does DENK get
> Only statistic we do have is, CHP had more Bosniak MPs and more Bosniaks as the official active party members but that also doesn't mean anything for whom the majority of the Bosniaks do cast their votes
As an undergraduate physics student, I hope a physics teacher will be the president
Our relationship with Russia is nothing more than strategic
Demietaş and HDP lost their chances when they left their Turkey's party slogan(they never had a chance to be the goverment but they had a chance to get 14%).The important part is they are needlesly idealist.Only CHP and AKP have meh or good projects to boost the economy and other things while HDP's and MHP's are mostly just dreams.
Are you saying that they are homogeneous because of the voter percentage?
These kids've got a long time comsumed by work ahead of their life already
Unconventional warfare turns a toddler into a toddler with an AK and IEDs and boys into boys willing to blow themselves up for a cause.
Couldn't agree more
Most people don't know it's where heroin comes from
hahaha güldüm valla (komik ve doğru olduğu için, dalga geçmiyorum)
First of all I've read shit load of stuff about ethnic cleansing attempts of the ottoman and the republic eras and I haven't heard of a single thing about it.
> Grandma Boxing
Blue Lagoon in Iceland
Then you have to put a paper bag on her head before starting (number one)
But he died from Alcohol Addiction
But that is the characteristic of Turkish nation
Teacher didn’t change in more than 10 years when I was student there
Hello I am gay, will I get blown up the moment I put my step on the street
I feel you
In France it's the same too
With one side of the medal, what you say is rational
He was most likely some Grey wolf or a lone wolf who's dissatisfied how France was harboring literal founders of PKK not even just militants.
Yet I am very much far left, so maybe I am biased a bit ^ ^
I have online lessons 5 days a week, and about 2-3 hours a day
I can't relate, because 1945 Turkey and 2017 Turkey is culturally
Without looking to the answers
You are pretty naive if you think his intervention in Syria has anything to do with Lausanne.
It seems like there'll be corruption and crimes swept under the rug no matter who is chosen if we get somewhere new every 4-5 years
Obviously they can't persecute their Turkish minority if we "persecuted" them hundreds of years ago!!!!111
I think he is a regressive because of that statement alone and I don't like him.
[TV with a lance on it] and [these ] trees (pics are from my home)
So any different kind of tea is a complete mystery
This doesn't mean Armenians were completely innocent though.
founder),
They were on vacation just like the Russian soldiers in Donbass.
They’re literally a member of EU
The Ottomans installed friendly kings a couple times and ultimately it was the Spanish, Portuguese and other European powers who weakened Ottoman power in the area, Morocco itself didn't constitute a significant threat or barrier to Ottoman ambitions as it was in a state of inner turmoil.
That's why we can't talk about democracy without a proper media and freedom of speech
Wow forza horizon 4 is a reality
From an objective viewpoint, it will show it consequences in the future where.
Haha we are far from modern now
We were talking about the Pantheon in Rome not the Parthenon in Athens :)
Edit: The name the commenter below said was Abdülahmet or something but he changed it to Osman
Realist as in racist or being culturally "pure".
I've been working in advertising for almost 10 years now
Same in Turkey in many households
"Peygamberdevesi". Which means "Prophet's camel".
I had extra classes too but they don’t really matter
What is interesting is that this says a lot about the Rule of Law in Turkey.
The light green color is representing the coherent Area
His attitude won't survive
As in nobody ever talks about it
Monaco: Gambling
You know that TRNC founded in 1983 and is independent state in eye of Turkey, right
Despite Western meddling and everything we should've dealt with this ourselves, and we will deal with this ourselves.
This news isn't for you and I it's for the inbreds back home that'll eat this shit up.
I see this being done to Turks all over Europe, they receive a lot of backlash for having Turkish signs, living in all-Turkish neighborhoods and speaking only Turkish
Sometimes they even tryna trap local people if they don't know around very well
TAK(A Kurdish terror group) took responsibility.
American shaman : Invades capitol because he believes in Qanon and Donald Fucking Trump
In 1970’s, there were different groups of people who ranged wanting cultural and linguistic expression to independent Kurdish State within borders of Turkey which is PKK
Then we went back to center to ride the ferry to go back to Cesme.
I choose neither
Google it
Thanks again.It is not perfect but i wanted people to understand it(I wanted to be as neutral as possible) but i am on mobile and i am not a native speaker.If it helped people i guess it is something.
no im not
That's why Islamists hate it so much.
Russian shaman : Protest against Putin
Oh wow we fired some bullets to empty seas that we said we would.
There are three other parties (you forgot the nationalist MHP).
Hence, his statement yesterday indicating they "could go for a coalition if they can't reach 300". Ironic, seeing how Erdoğan and his sycophants advertised this new system as putting an end to coalition governments once and for all
They work around 40-48 hours a week
In my opinion you can draw whatever you want
Those glorious mustaches clearly says "Ottoman"
Also "başa düşmək" is an idiom in Azerbaijani Turkish which is something like  "to understand/realize" But the idiom doesn't exist in Anatolian Turkish - so when you say "başa düştüm" it literally means "I fell on the head".
It us not an insult but a fact.
While it's not the best option Netflix offers dubs with many languages.
75% of all hazelnuts are Turkish.
Truths hurt
Which I was in quite successful one but in this high school, we were forced to chose one type of programme which is similar as classes being chosen in university
There seems like to be a pattern
That is the fertile ground for islamism grows on...
I have learnt nearly everything on my own
As a Turk I just wanted to thank you so much for your effort.
Okay, Turkey are a Muslim country but it doesnt means we ride camels and speak arabic
You can have pro-AKP rallies in Turkey.
Though most other countries would be better IMO.
> It's annoying to see a bunch of stupid posts at the bottom of every thread
(tries to say *kan jeg få en pakke rød marlboro
Some more photographs if anyone is interested in:
And we dont speak arabic
And there you go, the story of a man with an iron fist
In any case I do not consider TRNC a sovereign state so even if most Turks considered it the brother country, I wouldn’t write it here
I guess marmara sea too isn't invited
And I’m happy to hear you like us
Our economy is getting worse and worse each year education is a nightmare people are hungry and İ wish i was born in germany ;(
England
He wasn't always (read: mostly) OK with the dominant Western foreign policy, especially when it came to the rising fascism in the 30's.
Ehm, do you know what mental gymastics mean?
I hope we don't have to make same folders for Kurdistan :p
Haha indeed, and it was the worst in the last 5 weeks or so when Access was the content
We have yandex, it's russian but very well localized and quite good
over a thousand turkish people screaming turkish stuff, and police blowing people away with watercanons
They had dreams that now were lost forever
You can find more leaflets [here] with details about psychological warfare during WWI.
This map is as likely to come true as the Ottoman Empire is likely to be resurrected.
Other than mixed spies you have to pay for each sauce
How friendly do you consider your country for non-EU expats/immigrants ?
Winnie the pooh has invited you to lake Laogai
I pay attention to license plates so, lots
Turkish here, we abolish that few years before
The economy is now more fragile than ever because of Erdogan's stupid speeches
Of course just saying things isn't enough and what he doesn't realize is that the "culture" he is pushing for is the reason a lot of women are just sitting at home raising babies.
Şalgam Suyu: Turnip Juice
Custom flair in homapeage of the subreddit
Turkey switched from +2 to +3 this year (or permanent summer time if you wish).
098 ICU-CCB beds, of which 12
In religious stories, -miş is used in my experience
Atatürk was a nation builder, that doesn't mean oppressor.
I've never felt more ashamed by my government before, that's what happened
Mf killed the economy last night, we will see what's coming next
2020 has taught me when the institutions of society fail and our pillars of sand start crumbling people will just blame it all on a number
They have families and this is some organization holding guns.
It seems like we tried to balance our relations with Nazi Germany by being nice but not so nice
are not safe you will not be able to feel safety.
Döner ftw
I would say Ankara
Our whole foods are made with putting meat on a bread
Visit the old beer factory
On the other hand, modern cities that kept their historical look are the best
It's just a show off to the west.
this is like a letter by 13 year-old greek keyboard warrior
She has blond hair and fair complexion so people don't usually think that she is turk right away
And why the hell would they vote for CHP?
I pay attention to license plates so, lots
And one time we flew to Bergen from Amsterdam with my friends to see the fjords and I think you are so lucky to be so close to Norway and not have the limited daylight and very cold weather (colder than Amsterdam at least) so you can just visit and come back home without having to survive  the cold and dark times of Nordic countries
"Christian families were happy and greatful to give their children, because they got education and a better life and some of them even became Grand Viziers (Prime Ministers)"
On which both Greece and Turkey agreed on
(cries in Turkish)
*Saltanat didükleri ancak cihân gavgâsıdır*
You have neckbeards in every country.
He reversed the abolition because the abolition effectively did nothing.
He still warned the CB, but said he accepts its independence.
Lol look at this retard who thinks he knows jack shit.
a misleading title with propaganda
I mean whoever wins this referendum, results will be very close.
Turkey should not be considered in this subject
Looking at their demographics, only ethnic group that's non-christian and non-white (though they are Aryan technically) are the Romani, about 2% of the population.
well yeah noone claims turkey to be better than the western countries in terms of hdi no matter how nationalist or religious they are (including the president erdogan now i guess).
Saw some people talk about him in r/japancirclejerk.
Sorry I often confuse the EU with Nato
Senin dediklerin showroom kardeşim muhtemelen Wikipedia 6 diyo ben İstanbul dışında hiç görmedim ama İstanbulda 3 var ona eminim
I think current situation is now in EHRC
I'm aware, I just couldn't think of another ultra-neutral country large enough to have Olympic sports facilities
Probably like 60% black 40% green
You know right, there's a difference between a prophet and a politician
We do not ride camels to get somewhere and not everyone in Turkey wears hijab or burqa
I don't think you execute people for blasphemy.
Turkey had 45
the walls of my house is made out of waffles.
Context, Erdogan’s main argue on mosques is that opposition(supposedly) has turn them into barn(literally minimum 70 years ago) now Erdogan’s government practically closed the mosques and Erdogan said they Called for Prayer in Turkish which was bad (because showing Arabic and Arab culture as in Islam)
People would say "he still has around %40-45 percent support (among 100 voters, turnout is around 85-90 so you make the math)" but you should remember that the whole GOVERNMENT of Turkey is basically a propaganda machine right now
While getting accusations from other countries, we're getting many things worse than accusation from the people, hateful words, insults, blames, racism
Well it is estimated to be around 90%. Official records assume that everyone (except church/synagogue registered Jewish and Christian individuals) is Muslim unless they go through a ton of paperwork to be counted as non-affiliated
The highest you can go is a yalı (a mansion directly at bosphorus side).
I don't understand a word on that, but somehow it makes me think "beer".
Definitely sütlaç. It's basically a rice pudding made with milk
I can't imagine that someone stupid would be allowed to become the president of world's 6th strongest country.
Doesn't this imply at least tacit approval of the massacre of Armenians, in your understanding?
This is clearly agenda-pushing thread if the OP knows the link and title he provided is taken out of context and it reflects only 1 side of the arguement between Kammenos and Çavuşoğlu.
Most likely, you'll keep having them in the future as well
I thought you were commenting on the news but you were actually replying to the guy who was saying ''Don't the Greeks call it Constantinopole'' my bad.
Thirdly assuming you mean to say that Kurdish women are more progressive, [that is flat out wrong.]
Wanna help us topple him
It is literally part of offical curriculum from the top of my head I read Şu Çılgın Türkler, Nutuk and Miserables in middle-school.
Chad Ottomans giving people freedom
Wow didn't think our music were so similar.
So,why is Turkey here ?
And btw it is owned by people who are close to the AKP
We'll be safe when the papa terrorist calling himself the president gets toppled.
Italian and Romanian are a bit different, easier written
If there was an event of an actual war, he would have very little choice but to release the officers currently imprisoned.
Who would have thought
(I hope I used nor correctly )
Choose your line and continue
Man, Merkel's head is so much bigger than Macron's
I really do wonder that too
And I'd appreciate if you could tell when you were born.
Why hold debates, when you don't have to
Adana
I have tried surströmming, I was 100% prepared to hate it but done properly it wasn't actually that bad
Either he was dropped by my father, walked with my mother or school bus
~George Orwell
Turkey is like a brake failed truck going down the road fast.
Of course, we do Middle ages and modern era too but these places are mentioned at least three times throughout the 12 years
We did it Reddit
You ate everything except the emperor of the street foods, shame on you, really
This is not a European Union subreddit though, it is for whole of europe, which includes part of Turkey as well
Yep you are right.I think the real number is around 35% for now(it will probably drop soon).
Similarly, pre-Turkish Anatolian civilisations, including Ionians are taught in Turkish history books as completely distinct entities that are not Turkic
I also know Russia supports YPG but that's another entirely different matter.
We usually say the name of the person who we are talking about
Spoiler: we do not
There is no way this would pass but AKP are sick fucks for even proposing this outrageous bullshit.
But I would not trust it as Kurdish voters are generally conservative and might actually support Erdoğan
They let the Greeks hold their patriarchate with protected status but slaughtered almost all clergy when it came to Serbia for example.
I was working at a hotel
mostly they have bars and they hang yugoslavia flags around bar
Turkish Numerals
My grandparents does the same
It's typically negatively correlated with the level of conservativity
Would be quite interesting to see people enjoy their newfound freedoms, especially considering the still-multicultural nature of Istanbul at the time
That's weird and interesting to see, every nation have the same expression with a different nation
" (Later on makes an alliance with the nationalist party like a chad and uses natinalist propaganda" -Erdogan
Should not vaccinating be abuse as well
Reason is, Kurdish in Europe are mostly the one who migrated from Turkey.
You can check Erkin Koray, Cem Karaca and Barış Manço.
\- Fatih Sultan Mehmet (Mehmed II)
Retarded does not mean illegitimate.
Whether it be games or books or movies
Bro how do you get groceries
But i agree, i also use English for every game except Mount&Blade
Not a Cypriot but I personally think Cyprus should reunite, but also be an independent state
Kurds and Zaza probably have such words in their own languages as well which are probably used by Turks living in those regions
You think the CIA will just let that fat orange man take down their pipeline they have spent years plotting for?
Our population is 10x yours, I doubt any special forces would help your cause haha.
(last coup not included, they were islamist/gulenist)
900 TL which is 15600 euros, and also the lowest income for workers is 2500 TL so you need to work around 50 months to get a new car
Family comes first before individualism
They murdered around 400k jews and roma
it was already the case for the past 60 years.
Imagine my surprise when my first 2 languages don't and then when I started the 3rd one I have to pay attention to that lol
Like yeah it's stupid to pave a parking lot with solar panels, but you could just suspend solar cells above the cars in the parking lot.
Erdoğan destroyed all the state traditions.
Pastırma - Armenia
The reason as to why American cars aren’t as “good” as European, specifically German cars has more to do with geography than you think
Baklava - Greece
Idk if you could say he was from Turkey the Turks were still in Mongolia back then.
What kind of lunatic parents would want their kids to move out at 16 ? South Eu rocks
territory is neither occupied
Iraq: Not really, even for Peshmerga (a. k. a. Iraqi Kurdistan)
Yeah should have put a Arab in sweden
Erdogan almost [doubled the purchasing power] of the Turks.
Judging by this sub alone one would think 1/3 of all Germans were a bit to the right of AfD lol
It's mandatory for all students but if your family doesn't want you to take the class, you don't have to
-Oğlum = my son
She was later rescued but her family members were still trapped and unresponsive
What has society been changing due to alcohol consumption in Sweden
There is no such thing as ''Ottomans'.
I hope mr
Ah, Eastern Europe
There can't be reelections and re-referendums just because they did something they always do
They re chatting, gossip, weaving and looking for a doctor future husband/wife for their adult children while waiting
So caring about my countries interest makes me mentally ill?
Then usually we take care of garden as well clear some wild grass or clean and water the plants etc
But he was shot and killed in broad daylight, and the cops who brought his killer in took selfies with the hitman in front of the Turkish flag
Also during the last year was the first time Istanbul lost its population
Bro if I had the means to go to Viena I would have years ago
Attacking main opposition means civil war .
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Oh, great
Yeah thats a 6D chess move
Despite still being high, smoking rates in Turkey have gone down significantly in the last 20 years
There is one sad thrush in Cyprus which is that cypriots won't be able to decide their future unification will only happen if Turkey and Greece agrees and they have no motivation to agree on anything about Cyprus for political gain.
ジョン　メード　ヒス　ウェー　トゥ　ア　タベルン　スルー　ザ　ダーク　フォレスト、　オンリ　トゥ　ファインド　アウト　ザット　ヒ　フォルゴット　ザ　マニー
I think it's also important to mention that a lot of Turkish Democrats voted for HDP, just for them to pass 10%
I see that old Turkic Runes are getting popular.
Was the collapse handled in a ideal manner ?
Is it possible to not heard of Russia
But it’s actually much more deeper than it seems
We don't have a lot of good movies so I suggest you just watch "Veda"
I always wonder if there’s a relation
They immigrated because they identified as Turkish, so do I.
Anyway, he was always a proper, well-meaning man, with no (or little) scandals to his name
İt was ottomans  , i have accepted the Armenian genocide as a Turk but this comment is bullshit
Pretty much sums up political situation
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk for most people, as the founder of the secular republic
Although it isn't like anyone in Turkish government would have wanted to attack Germany.
Akşener, while okay, is far too nationalist for my taste
Even if we stopped all our carbon emissions today, we would feel the effects for the next 1000 years
For example it goes something like this:
Lmao a silver for that
The smell of cooking kebab or doner
>Dutch and Danish standards of living are way better than French or British
Here in Turkey we only announce the number of SICK people, who show symptomes and has positive result
Did you miss the part of the jet crises where Russia stopped sending tourists to Turkey which made our goverment basically realize they fucked up?
Eastern Thrace (European Istanbul) is absent in both Middle East and Europe maps
Sure man if ISIS ever blows up bombs in your country.
Xiognu
We tried to get a democratic rule first in 1950 and the elected government ended most of the Kemalist revolutions
It's not middle eastern country and they never teach like that in schools.Just because it has big islamic population doesn't make it middle eastern.
Looks nicer this way, also allows us to observe any patterns that might exist.
I know, sounds rough
I thought this was a painting
In Europe, I believe cats are slightly more popular
I am so not looking forward the shitstorm this will cause.
MİT had a reputation for torturing a lot of innocent people to get confessions back in the 80s.
No Batman there as far as I know
Number is probably greater than 50.
German cities, on the other hand, are actually cities.
Grece generally has better results than her neighbors so that makes it stand out a bit
This isn't a reliable news source, you are just an anti-turk
Of course, but it's not useless either.
And education (system) draws party lines, so it is comparable.
Though I'm not from Adana, I heard from my friends some neighborhoods in there have such places that police can't go in))
If you actually think Turkey is very different from Greece, you are delusional.
How is the Nagorno Karabakh war, which is a territorial dispute in which Armenia is officially and internationally recognized as foreign occupiers, related to Islamic terrorism in Europe
I always found it stupid that Western Europeans consider nationalism to be such a taboo subject.
Hahaha that's gold
Churchill: Stalin do you have three controllers or two
Usually Biontech or Pfizer-Biontech
Primary ed tho
As a Turk living in Turkey i am just wondering if we sent only our douches to Western Europe or we sent normal people and they became douches there
But on a state level, the amount of power they held in late Ottoman period did not translate to the new Republic at all
)  Yeah there are problems, and both Turkey and Greece kind of act like dicks to each other in turns, but ultimately those are gonna be solved sitting on a chair and duking it out via paperwork, not via getting into a shitty situation with another NATO ally
As a high schooler i am scared
But there is a big difference.Many Iraqi Kurds came to Turkey and interigated in to the society because they are similar to Turkish Kurds but these Syrians are different than Turkish Arabs(Similiar to ones in Şanlıurfa but a lot different than ones in Hatay).It will be harder for them to interigate in to the society.
" everywhere
In my opinion, taking Seljuks as a starting point is more appropriate
I think it's pretty easy, compared to German or French
In 99 earthquake Greece proposed to send us blood for injured but MHP fuckers said they wouldn't put Greek blood into Turks.
Also potassium
Very weird to me but I won't judge their customs.
But times have chaned,Suleiman is dead and we love Hungary more than ever
If I a Turk go and say to a Turk he will most likely not deny it cuz its true ffs
1633 - Fire broke out 3 part of the Constantinople, burnt a fifth of the city
But for sure, if Turkey would be more weaker than now, then Peshmerga could be a real threat for us
No one said that it was racism.
Today Erdogan appointed for the first time a muslim cleric in the Council of Higher Education.
The mindset
OK, enjoy
How dare you have a different opinion
No one is asking Arab tourists in Paris to not wear the veil.
I am the one who is a Turkish citizen and living in Turkey for most part of the year.
Angela Merkel looks like a kindergarten teacher nowadays.
During winter break(ours was 7 weeks long) I have restudied first and second year again to get rid off what I have being doing to succeed
In authoritarian states police have one job
It will have long term economic effects on the country.
Only turk kill
Amsterdam rose because the new Dutch state blockaded Antwerp, and the trade then got rerouted to Amsterdam
Those bad ratings do not seem to affect Turkey's ability to lend money, at least not so far.
it's a repugnant historical falsehood
Rip innocent people
Ah, yes, the good old broken windows theory...
Most emails are fwd'd from his associates and his wife.
About %40 of the country is just too stupid to understand how democracy works
It was one of the worst years for our country when we shot down the Russian jet
Yep
" -Erdogan
Human beings deserve respect even if they are shills.
(Popeye-Temel reis Bluto-Kabasakal\[lit
This has nothing to do with Erdoğan's grandiose dreams, that's a cultural thing.
Maybe you meant Northern Iraq, which also doesn't make sense because of Turkey's close relations with the KRG.
And something always happens
I know nearly nothing about the 30 Years War, which is odd because my high school history textbook had an entire chapter about it
If it is my father's side; I would be a farmer in a small village of Kosovo called Gadima if I am not wrong
Finland
> What's wrong with "old" and "men"?
Yes, you have that right
He's a moron and I debunked one of his news articles as being fake one time.
"Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez" (There wouldn't be enough concrete for his balls if we tried to erect a statue of him) is a semi-popular saying used for chad people (internet slang word one, not the country one)
They're finally going to be gone!!!
The AKP group really need this power so they're trying everything to gain every vote they can.
We dont use them here
Whole country is still chuckling about this
Bide burda ulkene irkcilik yapilsa savunsan erdogani savunuyorsun diyorlar mal bunlar
pretty much every brand has croissant products (uno, ulker, bizim etc.)
Steven Weinberg
Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives ...
I mean everybody get circumcised here but still every guy horny as fuck
I now seem to be living in Greece but
Out of politics, maybe the best
With that info, as well as her face, its not hard to identify her at all
Hate is a strong word to use but come on, menemen has onions
Not quite what I meant, but nice last-ditch attempt.
I can show you thousends of photographs which like that but Turkish father cries over his sons grave whitch killed by enosis "greek terrorist organization which aimed to asimilate Turks and be unite with greece" this operation triggered by increase of this kind of attack to Turkish villages, and ıts an operation which aimed to end this attacks and end both sides casualties
Այլեւս երբէք
at least compared to comments like how we deserved the attack (even tho erdogan gets less than 15 percent of the total votes in that district)
You are right but, you are wrong too
Looks cute
I was talking about the hypocrisy of this sub (and the western world)
Turkey has no deserts and has pretty balanced climate.
Who owns which island is not really properly defined in the old treaties.
For the beginners, **a/an** is translated as *bir*(**one**)
How are they like
Love that a greek posted this lol
Gulen's involvement in the coup is undeniable.
Don't generalize if you want to be taken seriously.
UK want do puppet country after Turkish İndepence War
Protect the regime, not the people
Don't know if you're joking but..
Turkish people respect their own tradition that passes down from generation to generation rather than the actual teachings of Islam (at least the one that is interpreted by Arabian societies)
Honestly it is just stressful to live in Turkey and people want to escape from it
wha' a stupid cunt
Don’t y’all take 4 wifes
Tbh this kinda irritates me because it doesn’t look like kebab here at all
A comic war of nitwits follows
He used the coup attempt in 2016 as an excuse to exercise total control over the country and made the regime semi-presidential, granting himself immense privileges and power
tatar %98
I wish i had "feelings" about speaking also
It is mostly available to countries that have coasts to the oceans
Sorry I made an ignorant comment
Trump's opinions change within the hour, there's no way to keep in line with what he says
goes up to about 5% in urban centers.
Did she also "explain" how she violated the very same convention by the infamous agreement with Turkey?
And even in places where they are not, young people espouse such values.
P.S. But our man is dead
Lehistan is really old, we say Polonya.
We sell cotton, buy fabric, then sell the clothes.
It's doner kebab
It was in school, 10th grade(Sex Ed only)
You guys were right, should have not called it fake news and got lots of downvotes for no reason
This is often true but not always
The city of freedom, passion, love
It's way worse than just embarassing
There are German schools all over the world.
It's not because they're Catholic, it's because they're Mexican and they simply come from a different culture.
I'm honestly amazed, because I really did think Istanbul would have more psychopaths than Chicago
My turkic compainon we will always try to aid you
It's a very difficult situation for everyone
This guy still lives on internet
I don't say we don't have them but I have never seen the boy scouts or the girl scouts in my country
The conservatism becomes stronger the further you go east.
My brother in other hand didn’t since we don’t trust the outside anymore
But at the end it is not
There is no way the non-TRNC citizen settlers are getting the vote and citizenship at the talks, the south simply won't agree to it and it would be an untenable position as best, and downright stupid at worst for the TRNC side.
I really wish that one day I can say that I want to live in my country, but for now, no
İt snows 2-3 times in Istanbul but then melts a day later
Western part is a lot more secular and richer than rest of the country
Cope
Both Earth and world means "Dünya"
1% of the society if not lower
This is how you treat your defeated enemies, not compatriots.
There is no such thing as fellow Christians when it comes to politics of nations
I've seen people believing the latter a lot so if anyone is wondering, no, there are no deserts in Turkey
I don't know how but we never ruled by foreign dynasties
No one is expecting him to say "Oh no Erdoğan, please forgive me, for I have made a terrible mistake.".
We were the second humans to ever build a city and establish ourselves
Indeed, but the Greeks don't deserve that.
Not every university is high quality but people are undergoing a tertiary education
I've been watching a bunch of street interviews and a lot of AKP voters have that lingering tone in their voice saying economy is going to shit.
Kids were just having a good time :(
Allowing people escaping from an extremely destructive conflict is not kindness.
Share the percentage of market or its technology
We had our special meme genre and template called *caps* in 2010s. It was basically a red bar under the image and some text
You can verify all of this with a quick google search
I would always buy them whenever I visited that supermarket
AKP's economic is caused by countiuing Kemal Derviş's policies and putting great economic leaders as the head of economy (AKP's minister of economy are usually very well educated liberals who knows what to do.Also they don't really make public commonents to avoid backlash).
Austria - Hungary
I am afraid we passed the point where economic difficulties will bring Erdogan down, especially if it includes sanctions.
piç which looks and is pronounced like peach but means ... bastard
I have too many questions
I see an Italian basically as a christinified Turk as we have very similar cultures except for a different religion
I will try the tip next time I meet with a Czech.
We are just a hell of a weird country on that sense, but considering our geographical location it makes sense
This is clearly Inegol Koftesi.
Throw some words together and native speakers will understand what you are trying to say
Please do tell me why I am brainwashed.
The sound of each letter already exist in your language
Well that's nice
Maybe you are just drowned in propaganda?
Because Aegea is not a lake
75 CHF  for a beer to a German guy who brought a 24 case at a bbq party
(in a hyped way) ADD 11 AND 29 TOGETHER, YOU GET 40, IT'S OFFICIALLY OUR 40^TH ANNIVERSARY
They simply didn't care the values of democracy, liberty and equality getting abandoned just so they can use us all as buffer states against "communism" and USSR
But instead West just supports enslaving psychopathic jihadis and then dares to talk abou how it's somehow Middle Eastern peoples' fault.
Let's release all serial killers and terrorists while we're at it.
The gap between West and East Germany scares me
Istanbul university, Istanbul technical university, ODTÜ, Hacettepe university, Bilkent univercity
See:
Let's hope they can make progress but I highly doubt it is possible at this point.
Ooh I can't give names but let's just say it's not a nation in Europe, America, or Australia
My name basically is street name in Poland
and etc
amk
Hence their ability to raise rates.
If you don't believe me, just go and check yourself
They are often rich and stupid
I see I see but it is now your bedtime.
This is the Orwellian shit we are going through, and people don’t know they are in a populistic scheme, they barely know how to wash their asses
Going to be funnn boiz
I try to keep an open mind but it seems like in general we're either portrayed as barbarians who want to genocide every Kurd in the world and drink their blood or we're portrayed as the nazis 2
[This
My visit to Germany was heaven
1 TL = maybe a bottle of water or little chocolate
Hurrrr durrrr I will go and say Turks bad Armenians good on a post that nothing to do with it
if we can write in this format for clarity: speed, price in €/mo, quota [optional], type [optional]
They fought against Armenian and Greek invaders to protect their homes
I might have found a place to escape to.
&#x200B;
You are just plain wrong this isn't about ideology.
**Turks are European (Balkan), Asian (Turkic), Anatolian, Caucasian, Middle Eastern (Persian) and Mediterranean
You pay fees to sell your shit in another country
We turks discuss about menemen
Bosniaks are generally organized within AKP with economic and cultural organizations and so on, but I agree, it doesn't say much about who votes how
Well we can't do much, everything leads to an arrests mostly
-Insert here every Aegean Island-
It is awesome
Your own country betrays you, and you have to seek the help of a former enemy.
One of my other friends said that he would always be sure to be well-groomed
Yep they are using it since 1993
Seeing Putin as saviour of Europe, what a fucking delusion
AKP didn't play clean and fair at all
I dont see mr
There weren't any monkeys in Istanbul after that
I just love everything about it, man
Aside from solving the problems surrounding it, selling of the reclaimed land paid for a significant portion of the project.
Every protest is treated like this in Turkey
hey these so called leaders are fucking cunts
Erdogan is a massive retard he has no power in western world no european have any reason to fear him.
A simple example coming to my mind is Assassin's Creed Revelations
They were out of their cars and trafic is just clogged.
I thought it was like American
The most important issues are cultural.
Kurds but not very close to independence in Turkish soil
Well, that's where Turks originate from
And something always happens
Also yes I agree Cyprus has unique borders
It is hilarious how muslims portray themselves so shamelessly as the big victims al the time.
After the Trump i hope they don't start randomly bombing the Middle East again
One of the biggest jokes in Turkey.
The Persian Empire, the Ottoman empire and since 1828 the Russian Empire
I think demographic transition and economic restructuring played the biggest part.
They do have lotta steppes there
You can travel in the EU for 90 days but you cannot travel outside of EU if you don't register your residence permit
British humour is so good at sarcasm and dark humour, I lived there for a couple of years and people don't really get sarcasm here
British ambassador convinces him to send 1000 instead, because Queen Victoria had only donated 2000
Ankara is pretty much at the center of Turkey
It is uncommon to sleep in shower or bathtub
Hide yo daughters hide yo jobs
They seem really extremist and i think there can/will be only one local power in middle east
Black Sea region is growing as well
75-80% vaccination in a society is sufficient to protect the country
Nothing else, just how to swear.
Those weren't expansionary wars, and they weren't independence wars.
Lol India is one of the richest nation on earth lmfao
All coups in Ottoman/Turkish history, came from an elitist community
To get a different answer you must go before 1453 and the biggest city in that time was probably Edirne as it was the capital but I'm not sure
There are bureaucrats and villagers holding a sign saying "this is how we earned the republic," as a tribute to hardships beared by villagers during WW1 and the Greco-Turkish War
[This] is the worst in my opinion
So it's always ironic that on a forum that is about Pan-European identity, an identity shaped by aforementioned progressive values, that people display such toxic non-progressive behaviour
ISIS did not only behead civilians tho.
edit: a word, grammar
And their neoliberal policies were held by ANAP aswell
Then we headed south and went to a beach.
Turkey doesn't look accurate
Trafalgar battle is not very hard, just don't try to out fight the British ships, they just fire more frequently and you can't handle them.
Its a meme to rag on America
Even though I know they aren’t the healthiest thing around, I just have a fond memory of them
If he falls on his right for some reason he can kill those 2 old people there
i can guarantee you that noone kicks any turkish citizen from cyprus whether they unite with southern part or remain independent unless a certain military victory for cyprus after an all out war against turkey.
maybe göktürk style flag would be more fitting ideally idk
Latakia = Lazkiye
They also going there for visiting, cheap alcohol and gas
A bouncer will come to you and force you to pay, if you don't have money they'll take your phone or documents as a deposit that they'll hold on to until you find money and return, or escort you to the closest ATM while threatening you with physical violence in case you fail to pay up
Istanbul sometimes bother me, choke me although I love the city, vibrant
When someone reads your comment he or she could think that some people in Turkey really belive Germany is still ruled by Nazis or something
Yes, a pissing contest, just what we need.
did we ask tho
Varlık Vergisi (Wealth Tax) was for all ethnic groups but even a newspaper could praise that it is only for wealthy Jews - Christians who exploited Turks.
This is a new world and has been so for years
We have alot of airplanes and very little trains and bad roads.
yeah dude we're the best to give you cancer
If only Erdogan had the balls to actually do it.
It is still aired every week in some channels
[President of TRNC,] say “It is considered as red line for North Cyprus to accept fully withdrawal of Turkish Army from Northern Cyprus ask by Greek and Greek Cypriot Side
US and Iran have been fighting small skirmishes for years anyway and it took too many unnecessary lives
Of course the latter point is/was a praise of AKP within neoliberal and liberal circles both within Turkey and foreigners but never given them the lion share of credit
There was an episode of The Crown covering Aberfan Disaster
For example universities
They were pouring bottle of coke and fanta down the drain when they were protesting Israel.
I was at the front line during Gezi Protests
Plus, there are more than enough ways and tools/weapons that people can defend themselves with, without resorting to the masculinity porn that are guns.
They only want your money and then they will make you poor
They sounds Italian to me so I guess the answer is Finland
I don't think it is a serious sensitivity lost
We even have soup version of this and I always wonder why
Itt PKK supporter Kurds promoting terrorism under disguise of being anti-Erdogan.
The gap between the U.K. and the rest of Europe however does exist
I have a green turkish passport and i can travel visa free to 164 countries, exactly 67 more than regular turkish passport
There are a few that teach in German and there's at least one university that teaches exclusively in French
Destruction 100
Turanist moustache has much more stable look
4) Ataturk wanted to build a new city to symbolize the break from the past
Link does not work, but argue all you want about that and go complain to the Greeks too if you want, but you're still wrong about Atatürk.
Artvin which is all the way east on the border with Georgia is both rural and left wing and secular as are the Laz enclaves in Rize (though the rest of Rize is ultra conservative).
His main motto for the foreign affairs is peace with everyone, so I doubt that
sure you will hang out with the locals though almost exclusive to binge drinking
I juts know my country's anthem and also know Azerbaijan's anthem little bit if it counts too
Which had been their home more than 1000 years
Germanosphere is generally preferred by more rural Turks and perhaps students.
Belarus: Beyaz Rusya (White Russia)
Barbarian turks kill kurd
Merhaba, adım Can
lol like this is something to be proud of.
As far as I know, up to recently with all this ISIS issues, they havent much know about you.
Thank you
Same in Turkish, "o" means he, she and it
People who are less educated tend to give Arabic names to their children, as they are more religious and do not consider things like how the Arabic culture is invading ours and corrupting it
It’s 5 mil max capacity city occupied by more than 15 mil
İzmir Marşı, it's a song about the Turks entering İzmir (Which was invaded by Greeks) during The Turkish War of Independence
UPDATE: After the meeting, I and many more volunteers cleaned up the square and now, we are drinking beers all together while singing the Izmir anthem, everyone here still hyped up and the atmosphere is amazing
Just to see how much history dictates peoples point of view on different races
Also the water has to be ice cold and soft, without much minerals.
Except for his supporters, Turkish people feel like we are the outcast children of the neighborhood after waiting for so long
Bu iki muhendis proje hakkinda cok fazla teknik terim kullaniyorlar
We're not more similar than a Frenchman to a German really.
For example the minister of health refers to it as only Biontech [here] but that's the more common unofficial usage
On the other hand, modern cities that kept their historical look are the best
That is literally one of the most famous battles in Central European history
Probably most associated song with us by foreigners is
It's provocative, it gets the people going, it's also fairly accurate.
There are many covers of this song in the Balkans and Middle East
There are names from Turkish mythology or eposses such as: Buğra, Ceren, Serenay, Gökhan, Kürşat etc
So much for being a proud European aware of its geography.
Yes, true
I heard the name of Polonezköy a few times but didn't know that it was a Polish town.
İstanbul was the last capital of Ottoman Empire
He just hates muslims(he probably meant islamists) and illegal people from southern border.
These Kurds killed 40,000 people since 1984
People get together to help you when you re down but you don’t have much privacy
Daron Acemoglu on Turkey and the EU
Whatever that means, it's a common meme here(reddit).
Now that, is some good example of a settlement
* [Göreme National Park and the Rock Sites of Cappadocia] (1985)
While even the coastal strip of north africa is not desert, it is hard to expect Spain to be desert at all.
Thanks for the explanation, I know Dutch politics better now :)
200 years already wow
It's how Turkey should have been.
Şırdan is [abomasum] stuffed with typical dolma stuffing: a mix of rice, ground meat, tomato/pepper paste, and some spices such as cumin and pepper
They kill innocent people, children, teachers, ambush ambulances
Istanbul is definitely very different than the rest of the country, but the culture is similar.
He is, but it depends on what Europe means
It's funny but I've started to think that centrist parties are aware of the situation and act accordingly.
Sitting on the table does not mean you agree to give anything.
Thats impossible for every nation can have their own state
Turkish is a national identity for us, like American.
Nationalists hate Asians here, which is pretty strange considering Turkish history.
I won't let our only good data be forgotten
are temporary anyway they are to keep the island peaceful until people can live as one Cypriot nation.
People who actually meet Muslims in daily life have an easier time distinguishing between Islamism as a political ideology, or even Islam as a religion and Muslims as individuals.
[Dolmabalçe Palace] - Personal favourite for single building
I am so excited to get some cold weather and snow here in Latvia, I hope it won't show me the middle finger
"  These people only lead to polarization
Unfortunately yes and it’s only gotten worse
That city deserves better care
If it is sweet or way to sweet, she definitely wants to marry you and you drink all of it to show you really want this marriage
Where did I claim Turkey intentionally killed civilians?
Do you even read your words before posting them?
Here is approx
Spam it on Turkish websites, so either tweet him this all the time or post it on his facebook page if you want to grab his attention.
They did that after 2 turkish descendent citizen get attack by Armenian protesters
I’m really into Slavic folk music just because of them
I planned my Europe trip last year and there were many attacks in France and Turkey (which I'm from).
Me and my couple friends were wandering around Porto streets and they were taking pictures of themselves quite long at famous rabbit pop art while I just wait at the corner
To be honest I don’t like my accent
Pezevenk is a pimp in Turkey, but it's something like a brave/fatherly figure in Azerbaijan
The abysmal performance of Turkish units in Syria makes one wonder if this 'coup' has had a serious affect on the capabilities of the Turkish military.
Now our society and economy can’t handle 4 million Syrians
I dunno what to say if even you guys' winters are lack of snow
As if it would have been too effective if few hundred idiots circlejerked eachother in some rally Thanks for giving him an extra million votes Europe.
I don't remember Jews one
White-collars took remote working as an opportunity to leave Istanbul and move small Aegean sea-towns
It's really a great documentary
Anti-vax originated from the USA
This is hillarious
All I know is that Sweden was involved(and its King died on the battlefield), and that
I’m afraid this might make things much worse for us than just economically
No, it doesn't and it never will be.
After the Syrian war, we can include Syrian refugees and other Middle East migrants that followed
But you need to hurry cus your Armenian bruuthers are getting wiped out right now
Unpopular opinion but it's still shitty for parents to make their kids indirectly join a protest that some people are openly hostile towards
Suicide attack recorded @Istanbul, Turkey
Probably most of us saw that coming from miles away
India but its more of a trivia
Don't know anyone else except for some classical music composers and pianists
Is there also a standard form of Hungarian that is free from dialects, like Hochdeutsch or Istanbul Turkish
Sometimes we call " Hassiktir" but as far as I know it has no meaning :)
Shower twice a day
They don't tailor obesewear, that's why
We would use it for tea
Same people same weakness
Basically problem is this
Sure Switzerland incredible example for why Turkey shouldn’t produce their own equipment
[TFW] he realizes he will be in a Turkish prison forever.
Hmm, I do know this debate from somewhere
I fapped, no regret
In Turkey , deserts are just a %1 of all country
Its actually “Ferhunde Hanımlar” with 1780 episodes
Turks are more or less white and Europeanized because ''Turk'' comprises of Greeks, Slavs, Anatolians who were here, some mixed with Turkic nomads, unlike Kurds who are genetically and culturally Arab.
Easy to Spot
Preferably with English subtitles.
It is, but it is an action of a private person, not some official.
First of all i can write enough about how wrong it is to compare percentages of the early 20th century with percentages of the early 21st century.
We are learning about Macedonians, Byzantine and Modern Greece actually
Unfortunately mod team is sleeping on this
That's what made Turkey map on the left bottom dark yellow imo.
After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well"
I read the news a lot so more than daily, but between daily and weekly on TV
Im more of a realist than an optimist.
Who are 'we'? As in the general population of this subreddit
we already have 7 million refugees(world record)
He said 'The Turks don't want to confirm the genocide, because they don't want to accept that their ancestors could have done such a horrible thing'. I agree with him also
with a right side(us) Greek army have to withdraw their soldiers on those islands.
Trump is just the guy you have in this decade
Wait until after the referandum, then kicking Turkey out of NATO can be a legitimate discussion.
Hundreds of boats every day used to go to Greece last Summer.
But it might just be preference
TIL I live in a desert
Keep dreaming
An iPhone costs double the price in what it costs in USA with taxes
And I assume that people had adjusted to the new system rather easily since they are intelligentsia, pro-change and also a little scared to be the black sheep during revolution years.
It’s orange flavoured, the colour is also orange but for some reason people call it yellow lol
I am actually so sorry this happened.
Istanbul: crowd, chaotic, traffic, concrete jungle, Bosphorus, historical
We don't deny anything
can you speak it
Not because they are Syrians, I'm also strongly against migration to Istanbul from within the country.
Time will tell
Everyone is "minority" here if they are not pro-Erdoğan.
Reasonable reaction to fuck all of Turkey I guess as people are upvoting you.
*Impossible
Doubt it will end up the same however.
Foreign investment is good for currently struggling Turkish economy, plus the property developers are obviously lining up the pockets of our political leadership with cash, so they're happy to sell our country for $250k a piece
Tripoli(Lebanon)= Trablusşam
Beautiful
Msnbc and fox news are also worse than cnn
Thank you for enlightmenting
Not trying to turn this into a "we're good others are the problem" circlejerk, just stating a fact.
Happy cakeday
Quand au Roumain et Portugais c'est même pas la peine d'essayer y a que quelques mots par-ci par-là j'arrive a comprendre
[Data from WEF about road quality if you are curious as well
I actually understand older Gokturk Turkish better than Ottoman Turkish
[Old Istanbul] - I love visiting these areas in Istanbul because they are full of history and lives
Poll leader Wilders at Dutch campaign launch vows to crack down on 'Moroccan scum'
In Turkish, it is called "Kutsal Roma Cermen İmparatorluğu" (Holy Roman Germanic Empire)
edit:accidentally wrote "galate" instead of "galata"
Ermenians fucked up army can beat worlds 8th most powerful army nooooo /s
Cries in turkish
Kıskanmak can be used for envy but never the other way around
army cant invade politics
There's a set of kedi evleri across the street and we always leave food and water in the neighborhood.
Jesus christ Slovakia
The first female combat pilot was Turkish, along with the first female jet combat pilot and according to some accounts, the first black combat pilot
As far as I understand, this is not a normal situation
Testifying to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Congress, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, the top U.S. intelligence official, explicitly defined the YPG as the "PKK's militia force in Syria”.] Due to this situation Turkey considers both armed people under these names as Terrorist Organisation
Iki tane durum var bu deyimin kullanilabilecegi;
Meanwhile Turkey is just getting started.
If they say yes, it doesn't mean they would want harsh punishments for non-muslim people, taxes for non-muslims etc.
Most Turks live in their phantasy world.
This is how similar Turks and Greeks are according to cultural psychology;
Doesn't mean they are Turkish
>Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some
Ottoman Empire,we only learned just good sides of Ottoman Empire
What I'm against is him giving lip to us.
I believe, they did that previously to Meral Aksener.
You guys have to open your minds to the fact people are individuals and you don't have to escalate discussions into these little digs based on stereotypes or based on national policy which individual humans have no control over
like a great man once said (michael scott); you miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take.
Western Europe needs a stricter immigration policy
I think it was around 631 days or something like that
I don’t mind joining EU personally, but with so many Turks, at once I understand the criticism, which is completely fair and valid, but at the same time quite hurt with the vessel that criticism is delivered in, which is, “you’re just not one of us, go back to the Middle East where you rightfully belong you camelf###ers”.
Yeah but every language has that thing where a very little portion of it is used in everyday speech.
Not to be that guy but he has been saying [this] for last 10 years.
Turkey bought oil from ISIS till they became a threat to themselves...
Foreign accents are considered cute and funny unless they are Arabic or Farsi, you can face some bad behaviour if you have Arabic or Farsi accents mainly because of the refugees
This film created from book which published in 1957
The didn't want to diminish their best buyers
I am reminded of this because I see that you’re from Alsace, we have an entire chapter for this whole Alsace-Lorraine debacle between France and Germany
In future they can replace fossil fuels, but the thing is we must do something NOW
For example words ending with -tion
I know
well done OP i think its great i also loved the ouzo there good detail
Atatürk also changed the alphabet letters from Arabian to Latin which is more fitting for Turkish language, but not as fitting as Cyril according to my Turkish language professor in college
Trenches, battle stations and canons from the battle of gallipoli
But it depends of course
Except that Turkey doesn't have sharia so that doesn't matter.
Both
Ah i wish that would take that much for me
He says he does, but even the university where he allegedly attended can't find the records or confirm it
I wish I had seen this while I was in Malaga
People can be very passive aggressive about it
Not known by everyone for sure
This is İzmir, the "capital of secularism" in Turkey
Please continue and tell us about how better the old Ottoman Empire would have been instead of Atatürk's vision.
Looks perfect  ️
However sometimes charity donations might have a much bigger PR impact on your company than their cost, also charities funded by large financial interest can end up pushing a favorable narrative more directly.
No, he flip flops all the time.
Life isn't 2+2=4
We don't drink it everytime, but we still drink it a lot
I even missed the bus a couple of times because of waiting inside
The full text isn't available yet but most likely, yes.
But in the period between the first and second round, that's when shit will hit the fan
Typically Turkish would be the inner parts of the Aegean region, IMO
She says she felt like an absolute animal, a puppet
[This map is a few years old by now, but that's not really true.]
This is because there are no border controls (for land borders anyway) between Schengen countries.
Turkic names like Tolga or Batuhan.
As you can guess the akp supporters normalised it somehow
If it wasn't for "low religion", we'd be a developed country dammit
At least thank them
Populism seems unstoppable, just look at us.
You think that any Turk on earth deserve to get killed and beaten because the Turks are blood-thirsty barbarians right ? Is this because you've been educated with the one-sighted genocide, war crime stories which made up by propaganda lobbies and never ever given a thought to search the history, facts, to see any truth
We do not ride camels to get somewhere and not everyone in Turkey wears hijab or burqa
I've supported him to be the CHP leader ever since 2011-2012
i used to think that my life wasn't worth a penny when i was a teen.
Austria Germany and France aren't too popular for the secular exodus for the same reasons.
>>the Transnistria issue
I think its also pretty popular in Europe
But we have different accents
- keee jeggg fooou eyn pakkk gröooghghghd marlboro
As a Turk I understand 90 percent of azerbaijani but Turkmen thats different
Subsequent with the foundation of the association and the adoption of the latin alphabet, some archaic words from Old-Turkic were resurrected and -thanks to the agglutinative nature of Turkish- some new words were created
2) Any state with Turkish Player
Both, it was started before Alexander when Greeks colonized the coast and finished by the Romans.
In the northeast of Turkey (Rize province) there are 2 villages inhabitant by [Hemshin Armenians] \- Armenians who were Islamized in the 15th century and lost their connection to the Christian Armenian community
You don't have to pretend like you care of Turkey
Tanzimat movement wasn't failure.
My god we have such a diverse trigger system
I'm a native speaker of Turkish, and you blew my mind with kiosk.
Damn, just if a USSR flag emoji existed
It went on for like a solid two three years
Aka my swimming pool
Since I don’t recognise it, it means nothing happened
Which is considered to be largely wrong by most academics.
I spend more water and time in the shower trying to set the water temperature to something that doesn't freeze or burn my skin off than actually taking a shower
What did Georgia do lmao
do turkey
Buildings are white and town built facing sea makes the town photogenic somehow
Azerbaijani : About 95%, almost native, sounds like a Turkish dialect
Being brave
Tho if you go to eastern sides of Turkey, people still love him so much
as a Swede I can etc etc I can etc me this me that
* you pay a lot of income tax (near 50%)
He's expecting the west to babysit him.
There has always been a fundamental difference between Turkish Islam and Arabic Islam.
Squirrel
I guess if they can't get it all with imgur and url bans they have to go after the actual subs too
) made by Erdoğan
Hope Russia gets rid of this pseudo Tsaristic tyranny one way or the other
When i was a first grader in turkey we had 40 children
Turkish anthem references race ( the word used to mean something different back than ) and has a lot of references to religion (it was written by an islamist) which I'm not keen about.
But then, the Asian part is also pretty important
**clubs** (or _disco_ as we call them here): expensive, deafening, pretentious and a real hassle to get in.
However this has nothing to do with education system which was what we were talking about at the start.
Weather is the same, people are warm like us
For that reason, I read but I don’t even post in r/Europe because I don’t feel super safe here
Only talk about it if you want to talk about the job market, usually if you are in the same profession
pokemon was actually once banned after a piece of shit retarded kid jumped off the window, thinking he was charizard.
amount of women and girls in veils
Why should suicide be painful when their life is already painful enough
Can confirm this post is legit
Take away all the guns for all I care.
I am guessing Greece and Turkey’s answer would Cyprus if we don’t consider water as a border
Instead of pushing to Vienna, we should have pushed for North (above Crimea) and seal the deal with the Cental Asian steppes where already Turkic people lived for centuries
Pros:Good meals( kebab️) ,beutifull mediterrian and egean sea,istanbul bosphorus, various  history(byzantium,rome,ottomans,old anatiolian civilations ....)  Cool Flag
- Abdulhamid II
ananı national geographic belgeselinde sikerim insanlar arslan ciftlesmesi görür..ananın amına 5+1 hoparlör sokar kolonları titretirimananı hollandadaki altın portakal film festivaline götürür amına portakal ağacını sokarımanana gerilla kostümü giydirir şanlı türk ordusunun icine atıp harmandalı oynattıktan sonra amına c4 yerlestirip havaya ucururumananı ramsstein konserinde pistte sikerim du hast şarkısını tersten okuttururumbabanın o kokmuş corabını ananın amına sokarımananı galatasaray fenerbahçe derbisinde kale yapar musa sow gibi hatrick yaparımkaradenizin cılgın dalgalarında sörf yapmaya calısırqene diye fotograf cektiren bacının amına sörf tahtasını sokarımananın amına nokia 3310 sokar polifonik müzik eşliğinde sikerim
26 degrees is perfect for Summer
I am reminded of this because I see that you’re from Alsace, we have an entire chapter for this whole Alsace-Lorraine debacle between France and Germany
I would say Kurdish
It's where Europe and Asia meets.
53% of the votes against Erdoğan
Although yes women who wear it are also triggered at the suggestion that they are forced to wear it (even though they are even if they can't admit it, but that's another story)
Im kinda full of thoughts as you can see
And renewables are simply not replacing fossil fuels fast enough
But might just be bias
That make sense
Oria FI
All our neighbours hate us
Fire of Reichstag kind of shit but this time someone really started the fire
The quakes destroyed parts of Istanbul and neighboring cities, killed tens of thousands of people and led to the worst economic crisis in the history of Turkey
Our whole foods are made with putting meat on a bread
” LOUDLY IN SLANG TURKISH
invasion successful
Turkey was 94%, the best one Bosnia 96%. Hey others guys wash your hands after toiled eww its disgusting
After that since both right and droit contain the letter "r" in them, they are the same.
Germany wanted us to enter the war on their side and even promised us land but fortunately we refused it
Thats how we do it
What makes you think they don't wanna be there?
North Korea is a bad example.This is different than those and mostly timely than a long running one(i can't think of a good example like this sorry).
I have the ultimate source
HDP is not the only party Kurds vote.
The people will fuck us if we do that" -Süleyman Demirel
Pro-Erdogan people say Europeans are jealous of us (Turkey)
How do you know that someone thinks they're a potato?
SOVIET UNION V2 vs
While some paşas did that in other Balkan countries too, it was never institutionalized like in Serbia.
We call it Hollanda
Erdoğan is real football player
But they learn Turkish by being in Turkish people
Randomly coming across one is very emotional.
My Constitutional Law professor, who's publicly known to be against Gülen for a lot years is purged as well.
Compared with the subject of this article which is a citizen (little guy, no power) making a commentary on authority figures (powerful figures)
I even knew it as a kid and thought I’d get high by eating opium poppy bread
It's used more in last decade, still not very common
We've had close to 15,000 civilian casualties till 2015 because of their irresponsible actions.
It only applies in York
It's by no means a surprise that countries are condeming us, I saw it coming but I didn't expect to see such a reaction from European citizens and media
Yay
It was in Çukurova/Adana
A ship is sailing
The historical facts, the laws, the highest court in EU says otherwise
Karakter means charachter in Turkish lol
They think since PKK attacks military targets (including blowing up a bus full of unarmed privates in their day-off) is legitimate it's a-ok.
9 = dokuz
Even more fucked up part is that these people vote for left-wing parties in Europe whereas they vote right-wing party in Turke(AKP - Erdogan).
People who do know what they look like tend to think they look weird
It can go the other direction too of course or we might even see some sort of civil war in the next elections if polarisation grows bigger
But there’s too much traffic on the app so it’s quite challenging to connect
Oops
But if it has no benefits I will soon be an Internet troll
İ Am highschool student this is my school way
But if it’s gonna make you more happy and moral high person, let’s not discuss
Restore trust in the public that you have good intentions in everything and stop fucking up with everything then you wl get people vaxxing again
My old workplace was like this
its own thing
The book was written by a diyanet employee
Thank you for correcting me but still i think if he wants to compare sizes it would be better if it was directly on top of it,because it only covers half of Eu.
) But yes, the last Ottoman capital is in today's Turkey
Company Phone (usually for SMS and Talk with limited amount of internet access)
Uranyum(U)
In turkey, people except erdoganists usually support Ataturk
Anatolian Seljuks was called  Sultanate of Rûm but it was because they were formed at old Roman lands
Izmir, the west coast basically.
And the Turkish education is terrible.
claiming that nature does that kind of a thing for a PM
This rule will be applied especially strictly for new accounts
The famous Roman geographer Strabo was a native of Amasya.
Here is the full alphabet:
In Çinçin
Like really are you that low that you want to slander a scholar simply because what he said doesn't fit what you want to believe?
*Yabanjin* in Japanese means stranger, perhaps with wild qualities
Many Armenians were expelled from Iranian Azerbaijan
For Cyprus(whole island) as Little Motherland(Homeland)
It probably stems from rendez-vous, right
I definitely wouldn't. Turkey is only controversially a European country, under the rule of a corrupt politician like Erdogan but the state structure itself, and daily life in general are quite similar to their EU counterparts
North Macedonia looks like Recep İvedik
People that live in the mountains communicate with guns
To my family, no
also i'm gonna need your family to visit my familiy and ask for their approval (not really ask for it but its a tradition).
"Close the brothels so that citizens come here to fuck us
&#x200B;
Economic unstabilty war with PKK in Syria and this yeah 90s all over again(Plz no).
There is a rumor that turkeys were brought by traders coming from India through Turkey
It's not like how the votes are processed were announced after the vote.
Turkish: Birthday cake
After the election he will change again and he will be best friend with west again.
It’s 5 mil max capacity city occupied by more than 15 mil
They are right, they should learn the language and integrate
Isn't like 99% of the fault on Turkey's side?
Why America's presidential election system is not based on popular votes
But ngl looks kinda appealing
Russia once published footages of his son-in-law smuggling oil from ISIS territories
Whats matter
The police published an innocent guy's photos from the airport and called him the reina attacker.
correct but he'll try putin tactic i believe.
Nice one sir
Also this was a cool set piece location in John Wick 2
I'm not saying it wasn't fucked up, it destroyed families by forced deportation, but I think neither Greece or Turkey wanted to deal with even more racial conflict
Today we exist because of our ancestor's sacrifaces and struggle to save our nation
It is far better than fossil fuels
Honestly I have no idea how reddit is still open in Turkey since considering how much Erdogan bashing happens here I would have expected it to be one of the first sites that they would block
I am from Romania and my history tells me that they used to steal little boys (to use them as soldiers) and little girls(to use them as sex slaves) from my country for hundred of years.
Yes, Black Sea Region
Maybe other immigrant groups are more represented in CHP and you extend that to Bosniaks, but I've never heard of a single one in there
''Respect my religion that calls you infidels dogs and animals, or I'll kill you because I'm a follower of everything that're holy
As a bonus, there is always the possibility of an AKP false flag operation, they are clearly not above that.
He is one of the best pianists alive and also a great composer, utilising Turkish themes in his music
Furthermore, his party is specialised in election fraud
Western Thrace for Aegan Region
Just use "O" for all of them
I don't like living and yes, low incomes due to taxes and our money valuse is so low compared to 10 years ago, if it was like 10 years ago, I would consider it but now no
Testifying to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Congress, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, the top U.S. intelligence official, explicitly defined the YPG as the "PKK's militia force in Syria”.] Due to this situation Turkey considers both armed people under these names as Terrorist Organisation
Well matched really?Turkey has 8 times more population,4 times larger military spending,4 times larger army and Turkish army is considered to be the 8-10th strongest army in the list while Hellenic Armed Forces is 25th-28th.
They fight for a while and than got in their cars and had a car chase for a while as long as i could observe.
As if your teams fans have a SPG
No, but planning on studying abroad and possibly moving there permanently
It's kind of ironic since Turkey is a nation of genetically mixed Turkic speakers
The reason you're seeing such a surge of Turkish nationalism right now in EU is because in 1960s we shipped all of our unemployed working class ultra-right wing bigots off to Europe.
*grabs popcorn*
Military Band
" They have a very very little island (you cant see it on the map without a zoom) standing around Antalya
Oh btw, we have profanities you can't even imagine
And listing sources that only reports the claims of Armenia aren't "sources" on whether this happened or not
1900: Konstantiniyye
I don't care what politicians think, we are neighbors
Russia (Ottoman's enemy for many centuries)
I suppose it's just that at a micro-level, the parts of UK I live in have a higher than average forest cover and the parts of Turkey I go to have lower than average forest cover
Anything above 25 degrees is too much for me
Oh i forgot about Azerbaijan
After one year, i started to feel the article tbh
1999 earthquake
They don't look like nouveau riche creeps at all
I'd say India, China or CANZUKUS would be the main power
Looks both depressing and cheering
Then there are Kurds with 20 million population
My parents, grandparents and the majority of the elders, all says the same thing
Don't take his word because it is bullshit.
One of the opposition leaders is in prison even
(Probably what his lawyer told him to say)
A part of me was cut and taken from me when I was 2 and couldn't defend myself
Erdoğan’s university diploma
Yes they've shut down gülen schools fired they're academics but just like the purges going on in the government people opposing the government in general have also been purged.
Definitely It is Ankara
It was a nice place to spend a few days in, I can't say I was disappointed
This makes if deal is not what Turkish Cypriots like, this probably will be seen in referendum
Thats impossible
I don't see any monolithic religious bureaucracy with 430 employees and project based payments.
**1600s:** Kostantiniyye
- Article 4: The provision stating that the form of the State in Article 1 of the Constitution is a Republic, and the qualifications of the Republic in Article 2 and the provisions of Article 3 cannot be changed and proposed to be changed
In mathematics
On the contrary, it would be lower than Russia.
Isnt Le Pen in favor of welfare?
İnce does not use the same language
You're just reciting neoliberal slogans.
Even if you think that people that were forced to leave their homes in the 90s are allowed to vote in the country, they are from is stupid doesnt mean you can block them from a) entering their country or b) stop them from making use of their rights, which in this case means voting.
I took French for four years in primary school and I hated it.
Russians calling beer a soft drink always make me smile
but the referandum happened and brexit was the result.
No offense but you are mixing it up.
About 300 people died
It's not really an issue of ethnicity in my opinion.
"*Alman Hesabı*" (German Constant) in Turkish
Edit for Context:
Damn terrorism
Köpek balığı (Shark) = Dog fish
Erdogan well
\- There need to be one song from each country
However, with the coup thing over the summer, it might've gotten some support behind him.
huehuehuehue
I was living in city over 2 million
Turkmen are a minority group in Syria and Iraq(They are basically Turks).Turkmens Syria were oppresed and many got assimilated.When the rebellion started many Turkmens joined to rebellion and formed their own groups but as the war proggresed rebels stopped advancing and started retreating.A lot of places Turkmens lived was captured by ISIS and regime so thousands of them escaped to Turkey.
The singer Gülseren didn't want to participate with this song
Next thing we know, other minorities will ask for it which might end up as same as Syrian situation all around the globe
Fuck off 2020
Abdulkadir Selvi(Pro-goverment journalist) said he had Al-Nusra links.And he could be a Islamist who is in the police force(Thanks Erdoğan).
For example, all the third person pronouns in English (he, she and it) correspond to “o”.
If the bold green implies majority then this is easily the worst map I seen about this topic
There was snow in Thessaly, Greece yesterday
] Even if this is different version of Caucasian March but this has the meaning of Greeks finally left city of Izmir
True
TV Sells were popular in 2000’s, later they moved to least popular channel which usually elders watches then it became a meme lastly they moved to Instagram with their scams
When the prices are low, people queue to buy.
Don't judge them by their past, you fascist!
They started using a 12 month calendar pretty early on and knew about the solistices.
'A lot' is superior to a locked number that is now a ratio of 1:750,000
While this is going on creating around 1150km long fully controled area by terrorist at Turkey's Border, you can't make Turkey(or any country) to shut about it
Didn't they use it when attacking the US Embessy?
Çanakkale Gelibolu (Gallipoli)
Isn't their president a dinosour
Behold the Greek brigade will not approve of your post
If it's just beard you could shave in the bathroom but if it was hair, they wouldn't let you in
İnce will also offer Akşener vice presidency
Today is the day our first national assembly was formed in 1920
There are plenty of kurdish people in turkey
Any reason for the increase of temperature
One woman said “we didn’t have touch screen telephone before Erdogan(means before 2002), we need thank for Erdogan because he makes the deals”. In free market that Turkey has
ruler liked it
* anything that is a service is expensive
Makedonya or Makedonya Cumhuriyeti (officially)
It's because we *always* have one dominant political party at elections
Hey I ride a bike in Istanbul, and I don't feel like people are trying to kill me, at least, not compared to when I was biking in Chicago
That's true, but my point is, compared to Western European countries that list of achievments is pretty damn small.
1800: Konstantiniyye
I know this song and loved it but forgot its name
One of my friends said that she would never tell where she is from just in case
The difference is whether or not the adult you are living with owns their own house or not - if they don’t and pay rent then they probably could do with a little extra rent money to keep them going
Her horse of course
There's a reason why our previous prime minister resigned, and why we have a buffoon in his stead.
And more pressure to China
[official numbers(turkish)]
It was mostly due to unrest and instability.
Your history is definitely one I love reading about
At least it was more common to see topless 10+ years ago than today
Germany : *_i'm safe_*
So instead he sends 1000 pounds and 3-5 ships of food
THEY ARE TAKING OVER TROY
So, only 17% of the population actually voted for them
Creating an adequate amount of propaganda through state channels is not possible unless you got 1984 tier propaganda channels, you have to involve the people
Can Russia war against Turkey on Turkish border
222
If you are individual, you won’t see any corruption at all unless you come a cross with people who support government
he is slowly trying to turn turkey into a religious country which is kinda weird because he still didn't pass any islamic law.
Can you give me an example
Congratulations in today's post about Turkey you are the one who did the overused completely useless and pointless comment about Turkey's candidacy to EU.
Today's hero is tomorrow's Google & Facebook
TBH Huns are considered as a tribal confederacy rather than a Turkish state
Just to make sure I am not misunderstood Facebook, twitter, youtube and whatsapp are not blocked right now however basically whenever some incident happens like the recent assassination all will be blocked for a day to prevent the spread of information.
Fugg :DDDDDD
Besides, is there a proper base amount of income to find a treatment
Turkish Republic, with it’s government and nation is an undividable whole, It’s language is Turkish
And now you're confusing me
Kurds and Zaza probably have such words in their own languages as well which are probably used by Turks living in those regions
Sure, being a billionaire would be very nice, but you are not willing to show the effort to become one.
I was joking with "implying" and quoting.
I love looking outside my bedroom window, and seeing how those skyscrapers in distance are getting taller and taller every day
I’m in love with that cafe
I've always wondered if those traditional outfits were (or originated from) Greek.
Well, yes
It's quite difficult and tedious to cook decent Turkish coffee so we drink it one-two per day, usually after meals.
Like we don't talk about Carthage that much but we usually learn about them in some extent
A quick search on youtube gave me [this
>Do they have an animal sidekick
Mosques are no more
Das Preußische volk erwatet einen neurlichen sieg, Für den Kaiser
>I know Turkey is a Islamic country
I'm looking forward to the day we get to have our referendum and say a giant "fuck you" to all of EU.
Beijing = Pekin
Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan doesn't looks like right
The point is, Kemalist revolutions didnt come from bottom
With Kurds, there is non
The war ended when USA bombed Hiroshima & Nagasaki in Japan with 2 atomic bombs
Lmao
this picture was shared by atlesat 10 accounts this morning, it gets tiresome
There’s enough of them to make my blood boil
alcohol, meat, various groceries, electronics etc
What else can even leave Hungary anymore
I don't think you would get anything for saying Erdo however ironically calling him a dictator would you jailed.
Lol and here my university is filled with crazy nationalists.
(Turkish) Varşova
The history of revolutions in France never ceases to amaze me
*nawww diaspora turks are upset I see*
Just because certain parts are liberal doesn't mean the society is.
For most it makes more sense for them to identify as a woman.
It has different names in different languages.
a LOT
There are worse parts of South-East Turkey that suffer from terrorism but my mother's family is from a town called Kilis that had a population of ~100k but now hosts around 150k Syrian refugees due to proximity to the Syrian border
Went there, yeah the internet sucks but the ambience makes up for it
Is there also a standard form of Hungarian that is free from dialects, like Hochdeutsch or Istanbul Turkish
I didn't know that but yeah we're also some kind of hitler ourselves
Vatican City: HQ of the largest pedophile organization in the world
The reward is that almost nobody call you evil because of a war crime thats a big gain
Stop trying to make it look like there is a race or culture called European
tho they had a different mission (to stop spreading radical views).
Anatolia has served 3 very important land trade routes which are: Silk Road between China and Anatolia, Royal Road by Darius I. and Spice Roads (mostly by the coast)
Graced big mac
You can't move out with that
He is fishing for Le Pen's voters.
>Isn't Azerbaijan in Asia
"Siz bizim Çekoslovakyalılaştırabildiklerimizden misiniz ya da Çekoslovakyalılaştıramadıklamızdan mısınız?"
Bild is doing the work of the terrorists, if news media didn't cover terrorism there would be no point to it.
And do sanctions ever work as intended ?
To be honest, people in Turkey subreddit were pointed out the fact that AK Trolls(people who pushes AKP or Erdogan Propaganda) has taken over the subreddit couple months ago
Only when I actually travelled to the non-western world that I realised Turkey is obviously so
1-Istanbul (One of the most important cities in the world, not just Balkans)
You're telling me I missed the joke
Basically nobody speaks the original dialects of their regions anymore
They're fucking vandals
How we're not in this list
His obsession with huge central single domes have probably much to do with this.
Edit:
Well at least in all those other countries your shit lands in water instead of on a porcelain shelf.
Istanbul
There is still so many neo-ottomanist (nationalist) people but yea Turkey is a modern country, i think
* [Bursa and Cumalıkızık: the Birth of the Ottoman Empire] (2014)
When you think deep, I don't care if they think all Turks are black haired or etc.
The interviewee who almost got the job but then got mad at a question and started screaming at the interviewer
Karbon(C)
I had no idea Alexandre Dumas was black until I watched Django Unchained lol
boza is pretty common in turkey too
There are ignorant, hateful, bigoted people everywhere, not just in Turkey.
I do need visa to enter(which ID is enough) and residency permit to study or stay
They can stay in an underground room for thousands of years
Well that could be true I'm not exactly an olive expert
İt's Avrupa     Asya     K. Amerika     G. Amerika     Antarktika     Afrika     and Avustralya or Okyanusya
We in Yurop
I'm stupid I guess
So approval makes it for both side to accepted reunion
People who do know what they look like tend to think they look weird
Even Albanians hate Turks while some support us.
There are not enough shelters
3) Europe
I think we have had only 4 to 5 days during the summer with some clouds
2 of these are in top 500 and others are in top 1000 universities in the world
They arrested Cumhuriyet journalists just two days ago.
Admitting to killing her
We call Poland "Polonya" right now but Polish language is called Lehçe.
Some examples;
Despite its problems, it still serves this purpose.
I just want to ask
aren't you late to rake your forests ? Fuck off
Nope
It's made by filling sheep's intestines
No one is allowed to have a good time in Turkey anymore.
Yes but in Turkey full beards are not seen appropriate in government positions or any high-ranking position really
Reddit is also very anti-Turkish, keep that in mind.
Just because you saw one article about him doesn't make him good.Erdoğan said a similar thing.This guy is not bad but he is doing nothing against Erdoğan's crimes because it is easier for him(He declined the car goverment gave him because it costed 1m dollars but Erdoğan gifted him another one).
Our economy
What if I told you quite a few nations traded with the Nazis, even during the war, including the USA which also joined the fight later (though obviously not as late as Turkey)
Our culture is very similar and only religion divides us
I just googled Poland before looking at this map, if it makes you happy
Wıth good rulers, Ottoman was cool and just but with time and the effect of Islam, we fucked up bad
Edit:thanks for upvotes
It costs 4 times more than the actual White House in the US
I am a cat person,Turkey is very well knows with all animals really, but specifically with cats
If they are at top then it's time to leave that sub
I always wonder if there’s a relation
No, it was never like that
No way turkey's passport power is that high up
Kurds are not the problem, Those terror organisations are the problem
Also votes are secret and people are generally respectful of each other's democratic rights on voting days.
Spaniards can understand italian, syrians and turks don't even write with the same alphabet, let alone have many linguistic similarities.
It works well for erdoğan as he easily tames opposition by using hate against kurds
We are not sure what is real anymore
Then Christianity, Judaism, Atheism etc
If it truly is Islam, why haven't Turks committed terror in Germany yet even though 3 million of them live in Germany since 70's?
I dont know
You are right
All of those new world countries has no nation
I use this phrase a lot and it's driving me crazy when I am abroad as there is no translation
And we add 'istan' [but not always] instead of 'land'.
Senin dediklerin showroom kardeşim muhtemelen Wikipedia 6 diyo ben İstanbul dışında hiç görmedim ama İstanbulda 3 var ona eminim
Well, that was not the question but this is really cool
Istanbul, south Aegean region and west Mediterranean region for resort tourism, Pamukkale and Capadocia for the geographical tourism
As a Turk living in Turkey i am just wondering if we sent only our douches to Western Europe or we sent normal people and they became douches there
Nope.Most of those money was given directly to refugees with credit card kinda things in refugee camps(Turkey controls her own camps and sells food directly to refugees in those camps then they cook their own food or get food from centres.They use those cards to buy things).
I guess people didn't really liked the old name
Damn I love Istanbul
Being liberal doesn't mean you have to accomodate illiberal campaigns.
Likely so
Because you see them inferior they can never be <insert the race>.
Pretty much none unless you are in big cities
I *BROUGHT* this here
It can't be differ much right
FIFA and the IOC both have their HQ in Switzerland
Wait is "the holy book" now in turkish?
I don’t think I can survive most of Europe’s climate
Focus on that, that is a real crime
As far as we know now that Homer was likely a real person born in Western Coast of Anatolia but any other details are unknown
Turkish is a soft language
As I said if we keep developing our own stuff and it becomes as successful as the drones I see nothing wrong with continuing
Not much without a filter
Usually there's a slight difference in tone you can hear
Kill stray dogs or turn shelters into kill shelters
> When I was around 11, boys in my class used to touch the girl's butt and private area and run away
No, this is just a huge reach
I don’t hate our vernacular architecture
40 C is the threshold where I wanna peel my skin off and swallow ice cubes
I feel relieved in 36 degrees heat lmao
I thought I read somewhere he was defending Turkey and criticized the EU for being too harsh.
No articles
I was surprised, I thought I'd run into psychopaths a lot
What is the purpose of the vertical text on the left
So who made the Romanians Christian?
At new year's eve there were civil war views at Sur, Cizre and Yüksekova, ''Trench Operations'' were the result of so called ''normalisation process'' absurdity, 249 soldiers died.
While there is the chance that it may be banned if it suits the government, it really isn't a political issue in Turkey
Out of the loop
While muslim population rising in the Europe is a thing, that tweet is retarded.
Depends on the location
What kind of lunatic parents would want their kids to move out at 16 ? South Eu rocks
Yeah, fair enough
Despite still being high, smoking rates in Turkey have gone down significantly in the last 20 years
Turks don't fit themselves to either middle east or Europe but people don't think Anatolia is its own continent lol :)
That being said, Greeks and Turks get along much better face to face than what you might see on the internet or politics
In turkey 120 km/h means drive 132 km/h
In school they emphasize a looot more on WW1 and Turkish war of independence btw
Could only have one pint though cause alcohol is overpriced as shit.
Single people who want to get married go to a show.
Tripe Soup is delicious with garlic, pepper and vinegar
The population exchange was agreed upon by both sides and not one person got hurt.What's that, a genocide with no killings?
Zaytung is quite popular in Turkey and can be genuinely funny and original, but at times I feel some of their jokes are way too edgy for me to even get them.
I will invade those islands next summer for you, don't worry /u/dapdap123
Then Kemalist military coup happened in 1960 and everything started to get out of control with the Soviet pressure and influence at the same time
I don't know if I am picking those because they're more familiar to me, but it looks like it is based on the Turkish one and others added onto it
Edit: Butthurt downvote squaaaaad
camiden tabut calıp dedesine tabut satan ananı tabutun icinde siker öldürürüm...ananın amına kolumu sokar kücük kardeşlerini cıkartırımananı neil amstrongla beraber aya cıkartıp siker hardcore movie alırım altın portakal film festivalinde aldıgım ödülü ananın amına sokarımananın amına harry poterin assasını sokar kücük kücük büyücüler cıkartırım..ananın amına pandora kutusu sokar icinden tavşan cıkartırımananın amına duracel pill atar 10 kata kadar daha güçlü sikerim
It works well for erdoğan as he easily tames opposition by using hate against kurds
For the rest of the country he brings gifts at the new years eve instead of christmas, but the rest of the myth is pretty much the same.
r/humansforscale
But i havent heard a lot of bad things about qatar, certainly not as much as other countries in the region
"It's no data"
Erdoğan's is bigger
Also, occasionally someone will double park so you will have to swirl around them, which slows you down
Young male adult from Turkey
I'm never seen Macron epic that before
Why is Turkey always the worst at everything?
Its just all turks are together when foreigners says it
The most known one (and the one that usually comes to peoples mind when said kebab) is [Adana Kebab] And the second most popular is [the Doner kebab
Working in Turkey
They use the most used definitions for some words without knowing its not the same thing as he meant
Or you can write down a word and everyone will read it the same
Yeah me too but even though we are dysfunctional siblings we are still siblings
Students, teachers or they together choose which books they will read
Now that, is some good example of a settlement
As far as I know, no-one apologized for that either
Can I have Merkel
Then implement a process to make sure that only the ones who're not so high in islam are allowed entry.
Ottomans also called it the sublime porte, in diplomatic documents
-We're not talking Arabic and we're not Arabs and most of the people would be mad if you say "i thought you were arab etc"
You can check the Treaty of Sevres for the planned borders.
I keep comparing western european wages to mine
...oh
Many a nation founded countries
or with friends, you can use daily dialect with shortcuts the words, etc
This is against the law and now they are suing this bid
There is nothing more entertaining than watching all the Balkanposters fight over dumb stuff
Closest relations or geographically to capital
So for the republic of Armenia today, I have used this map of the [population density] Just a bit more colored
58 million tickets, not people.
Thank you guys
There is nobody left to arm, they are all gone to Syria and became YPG, an organization that Turkey started war couple years ago and pushed from its borders again
Of course swear words like "amına koyayım",  "oruspu çocuğu" isn't it a perfect starting for learning a new language
Ottoman Empire was a Turkish empire
For instance I grew up in Russia and returned to Turkey in my teens, I know Turkish and don't have an accent but I'm not as articulate with Turkish language as people who grew up here and obviously my vocabulary isn't as rich as it is in Russian cause I didn't receive Turkish education or read as many books in Turkish as I did in Russian language
I would like to have seen this before 9/11, and even before and after WW2
Not wasting food is a big deal for many people so taking the remains home can even be seen as a good trait
Because we dont find it delicious and good
And even if they do Erdogan himself can't pass it with his coalition alone(by himself he can do a referendum in it) so it's unlikely to happen to say the least
I speech kürsü, one minute
Turkish has no grammatical gender, however in Turkic mythology Moon is male (Ay Ata) and Sun is female (Gün Ana)
We don't need to assume, because there is evidence.
Düzce=Kinda Flat
Any photo of [Mustafa Kemal Atatürk] obivously
Or the Sørenga Marina thing
Also one of the places preferred by Uyghurs that manage to escape china is turkey due to cultural and linguistic similarities
We're not against it
I'm getting Skyrim vibes
The people will buy it as much as they did before.
*Gloomy Sunday starts playing in the distance*
They also burned dutch flag to protest jet incident with Russia...
Doner Pide
The more Muslim you become, the more unprotected sex you have.
türkiii besttttt
Central-right voters of the old parties (DYP, ANAP etc) (who are around %15) could support Akşener but they fear CHP so much, they would run back into Erdoğan's arms if İnce becomes his alternative
East or GDR
Well, as I know it was always the same city
+Bodrum <---this place is not a city but a direct translation means Basement
Remove the zero's you get: 29
I certainly would care who I would grant asylum to.
My Turkish bros, this makes me think of an idea
It is dark at 8 am when schools open, people complain that they are more tired and accidents have risen.
Read Hitler-Inönü letters, even they talk about Germans and Turks fighting together in the last war together and not wanting to be enemies this time.
I am living in Istanbul and Makkah(mainly Istanbul), at Istanbul everywhere is not walkable at night just some areas
I guess we can say a lot of things about Americans after Trump or the British after Brexit
**1700s:** Kostantiniyye
Its okay to have different wiews of course but songs are good and most of them are composed by Turks thats why I said those songs so it fine no problem man
The trick is to not let the shopkeeps know you're a tourist.
Yes, Portuguese are usually pronouncing “Cheap” as “Sheep”.  You end up wondering if they bought it cheap or with sheep
I'd rather have a ribeye steak or fish
I was making a joke about German toilets, we don't have those, we have regular ones with the hole positioned under where your anus would be.
Which is why it is important to appeal to MHP voters they are the only ones who do not fully agree with the stance of their party.
They can’t talk proper English,they look like cows and most of them are 40+ years old
Man I'm old af
No gendered articles in Turkish
I can distinguish by their accent
Wouldn't put it behind the country that had a [political party like this]
Depends on which part of the city we are talking about
They had dreams that now were lost forever
The village [Vakıflı] (in Hatay) is known as the last remaining Armenian village in Turkey
Top-to-bottom bigotry and isolation will only perpetuate the problem and make more Erdoğan supporters out of the moderate people
I would assume people who are against homosexuals receiving the same rights as them would be the ones behind the discrimination though
Mods are you going to take action against these  opportunists
Is it odd that French names remind me of seafood?
The World War II and Nazism ended just a lifetime ago, and memories of Soviet Empire are still fresh, barely 25 years has passed, do you really believe that people were all for equality, peaceful co-existing, progressivism etc.
We don't even have free media here.
This all happens in less than a second now obviously but when im thinking about something else i can actually find myself doing this routine slowly.
Real European map, no Turkey, not a single soil of it, but half of russia, that's the logic we should all have
The band don't have to be Rock band
I'm one of those Turks, don't mind me adelfos.
OMG TURKEY POST OMG
Qajars never recognized it too
Let Turkey hit rock bottom in hopes that it will learn from its mistakes.
The most Islamist thing AKP has done in the last 10 years is make headscarves legal in public institutions.
In Turkey, maths is compulsory for 9th grade students.
That’s the reason of his flex
In fact the opposite, Turkish history books emphasise the Turkic ancestry of Turks too much while ignoring Anatolian ancestry of people of Turkey
It is starting to look dangerous for Syrians here.
40 = kırk
Spoiler alert: We do not
You're still only a baby now lmao
Sounds like name for pizza tbh
The anatolian peninsula is just Anatolia, it's not really part of the Middle East, and it's not really part of Europe either.
There's a guy justifying and glorifying the Armenian Genocide here right now.
If so gaining popularity in that subreddit may result one person who has government connection to check the subreddit
Yes, Black Sea Region
It was fun actually
God I hate this government so much
During this journey, [Kösem Sultan] was getting more powerful in Ottoman Empire
Turkey Election Map Over The Years.
Unfortunately mod team is sleeping on this
So Turks identify with Turkic culture and people despite not being 100% Turkic anymore, cause an average Turk knows that he'll receive a warm welcome  from his fellow Turkic people despite not being mostly Turkic genetics-wise whether he goes to Bashkortostan and Tatarstan in Russia or Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan in Central Asia, while Balkan people won't count him as one of them no matter how much genetic similarity to them he bears
The Persian Empire, the Ottoman empire and since 1828 the Russian Empire
There's also a phrase that I love so much:
Belki sevmiyosun adamları tamamda bari saygı duy kuruluş yıldönümlerine
&#x200B;
You just say "Germany" or"Greece". So why should we make an exception for Czechia
But if it's YES, then turkey deserves all the consequences.
If the CHP is smart enough (which they aren't)
have you ever seen a hospital bed in Romania
Lmao I saw the posters but did not even realize it was about Erdogan.
There are red flags for USA to be kicked out but I've never seen anyone to talk about it
Yooo komsu
Omg.These people only damage Kurds.Turkey should use it as a propaganda tool or should punish that man who lied to public.
We don't have word for places that is not capital tho (Ankara)
Duner probably comes from the Turkish word Doner meaning turning.
Depends on the field of study
He is one of the best pianists alive and also a great composer, utilising Turkish themes in his music
But its located in Syria in the immediate border to Turkey
^(-Japanese are bad at English-)
Nope
Are you literally going through my profile and replying to everything I've said?
If Turkey sorted out every single one of their accession chapters
because, well, lycee
It's so much it could probably give an elephant brain hemorrhages.
It’s crowded, loud and dirty
My problem is people try to talk about personal stuff immediately after meeting
Demir(Fe)
During 6th, 7th and 8th grade, we had to take exams at the end of the year and summary of those number will made up for you to choose high school
The absolute lowest movie is another AKP propaganda film though.
I think it is around 50-50 contrywide but it varies a lot depending on the place
Another thing I see used is "pulling a photo" - as Turkish uses "çekmek"(pull) for taking photos
So many western secular Turks getting denied of living in europe then you see people like this living freely there and dare to do something like this
[Kinda] ğ makes no sound but it adds lenght to the letter before it
Hope for the good of Turkey
You are pathetic
Well, technically it's just Eurasia anyway
Whether you’re at bus stop, train or even a random queue
this is a value created in this lands it is not just to take it to distant locations for glory
It's not the pre-war architecture that attracts people to New York either
They exchange votes between AKP and Kurds in the southeast generally are very conservative.
Revolting him can't be count eheheheeh
Well I guess we beat our Greek neighbours in the Baklava wars then.
Armenians are trying to play "victims" while actively invading Azerbaijani land
Only 6 minaret mosque in Istanbul is Blue Mosque, not St.
Why though
I grew up with non meaty sarma so I like it better
I thought I was the only one
I can’t believe my eyes
I would put my penny to the theory that expression is rooted from old times, where a  westerner is equal to the French, and hence all foreigners are basically French
By when Erdogan goes away we will sell I meant we will sell to a much wider market I didn’t mean that we are not already selling some of our nationalized equipment
Istanbul nightclub attacker nabbed
Whatever it is, I think it helps her more than it hurts.
So, nope again
Still, I expect the yes votes to win.
Okay what the fuck is wrong with Hungary here
until we get hungry then women prepare the meal, youths carries it to bakery to be cooked in stone oven
None of these song are used by Akp Btw
That's how this word entered in Turkish.
) Muslim men can marry a christian women (not vice versa) , so mixed marriages were common.
Thank you
100 million is just for starters in this sort of business.
To the several people I saw in this thread who would like to stay on DST permanently: Why?
3 episodes and 4 hours
With two big parties, it boils down all the bullshit filler and single-issue parties into two choices
So true, hot weather = religion I guess
menemen (a traditional dish in turkey) is better with/without onions
Of course
With current government it is impossible
Governments should disincentivize being anti-vaxx
And it's not like we are out of space or anything
Silivri is cold brother
Not sure if this support stays with them
For Turkey, it is because of prices
Some local boxers from Turkish origin helped the police against the terrorists
And we need a new government
Sorry but this made me and a couple friends laugh like crazy
Not much variation
As a Turkish student that came to Austria to study, this stuff worries me considerably.
Because I've seen this same kind of ignorance shown towards White looking, "wow you don't look Turkish" Turks
Thank you Poland for being Erasmus Capital for Turkish students
Turkey doesn’t claim any land from Syria
2) Ornegin, iki tane muhendis bir proje hakkinda konusuyorlar
Stop acting like they're just having their daily routine
Noone in the government knows about reddit, so I think we are safe here.
I saw a guy selling this food with a label written observing :)
So I say EU is a match for russia and doesnt need US, you say EU shouldnt break apart.
Izmir is more consistently different, but even it is full of migrants, who over time may fall into city culture, but it will take a few generations probably.
Here in İzmir we have a pretty nice clocktower
Worse, "animal rights activists" get up and raise hell whenever someone suggests fixing the problem
Currently Iraq Kurdistan is supported by Turkey.
Almost every nation did bad things in Earth.This is a nature of humanity not only for Turks.
Writing “a” in handwriting seems pretty difficult to me and I know only one person who writes “a”
I think we can both agree that Turkey was pretty much the worst place to attempt to build a nation state, and that was at best a mixed success
There would be riots and if he did them the stuff he does to us Europe would go nuts because it's technically still EU territory.
no, even i learned british english at school, I always use american english because i like it more
[My own music] of course
I think İncirlik American Base in Adana should be closed just for USA
English: A thing
What
Hows the media reporting it in Russia?
I sometimes find videos in German and listen to them in the background even though I don't understand anything.
white people:
You only spread more hate
I am too tired to explain it in detail but let me say that; there is a good reason/justification but bad implementation.
The state owns shares of a company.
i personally know lots of koreans who come to work with our tourism agency quickly catch up with pretty much all the turkish stereotypes.
If you have 8 lessons a day there is a 40-50 minute break after the 4th or 5th lesson
Those are things I hate especially the CCP but Trump then talks incredibly tough but does a worse job than Obama
edit2: Bringing up Armenian Genocide in online discussion to score an automatic debate win
Depends on the accent, sure
in french there are a lot of silent letters but once you get used to them u can usually guess the pronunciation pretty accurately.
...what
Besides, there will be a meeting in 2017 covering the revision of the Customs Union btw.
Turkish, obviously
In social science, apparently it is still an ongoing debate if people actually refuse to integrate or not as I understand from [this] study, which seems to review both arguments
Cancelled
Germany should first investigate these people to make sure they are not gulenists before granting them asylum.
Fortunately Atatürk liberated the country and declared that it shall be a republic
I don't know, people are strange
Why would we want Turkey to join the EU?
That look you talk about seems to be a standard thing for World dictators
all make it sound like the country is for Turks only
They shouldn't have been in the parliement in the first place
Hej, tack så mycket
If you are from a foreign country, I think there was a small fee but that is all
Think on a micro scale and not a macro scale.
Democracy is an idealist and overly-optimist concept
I don't get the feeling they hate Greeks as much although growing up I thought they did.
Our constitution has a famous loophole
Remember, they're freedom fighters.
If they've got falsifiable scientific theories proving their point, they are welcome to discuss them.
You seem to have a lot of knowledge about MENA...
Although for French people  wouldn't know it's French, they'd think it was English
I am not ignorant, neither an nationalist idiot.
But, be realistic please
In my experience, (my experience is not radical muslims, but regular muslims) people tend to think of good parts of Islam, when they think of Islam.
They are preparing to meet to negotiate about the war and peace(Iran,Turkey,Russia)(This will effect it).Also things are getting better Erdoğan says stupid shit but he makes 180 turns few days after.
I would’ve liked to list a few words as an example, but since this comment is now extremely long, I am just going to leave a Wikipedia article on the replacement of loanwords in Turkish:
And i was still collecting Yugioh cards.
They invested enough into the USB-c standard already
It's just this time they are really worried that it's gonna be Hayır.
We've got 2 to 4 lessons a day on Teams, also there are 3 government owned TV channels that streams lessons every day
They are the only military force not directly controlled by military high command
"a" for most equations, α for geometry
I really don't get these people's motivation, it must be a horrible job to rule a country
Greeks you know probably aren't jerking off to the Byzantine empire and the Megali Idea
The place where the guy stands and the place we look at in the photo both are not in Constantinople
That's not the answer he wanted...
Does it have good nature
Oh yes, someone who regularly posts on r/Kurdistan would know a lot about lies.
Europe, what an easy target for propaganda
" Just stop drinking and sleep Germany you'll breathe normally when you sober up
That would be too extreme for us
Actually not the whole Europe, but mostly Northern Europe and I see their concern since there are many jobs for illegal/legal immigrants, but it's not the case for Poland.
Than we learn the ancient Central Asian steppe Turkish (Well actually Turkic I guess but in Turkey we literally call them Turkish) tribes, Clans, and Khanates such Gokturk Empire, Hun Empire, Golden Horde, Chagatai etc.
And lastly, the potholes/speed bumps would ruin your car unless you're driving an suv
Gets annoying quickly
The Russians are financing it too.
I think peoples that searching Turkey means bird one
I think these are phases countries have to go through
Apparently some people got offended by this ?
Ottomans managed to control a very culturally and religiously diverse area for a good 600 years.
8 minute metro (İstanbul)
In 2013, our minister of youth and sports said: "Of course I will censor evolution, Do you believe it?
And we have that statistic where exactly
He almost lost his majority the last election.
Light green should be exist in good chunk of the eastern Turkey
That's Turkey's flag over Ottoman borders
**pronounced as** : "et" *(litereally meat)*
Actually heard two older guys had strokes from marching under the sun in another base further south, but couldn't verify, was probably just a rumor.
It would be an amazing place to live without all the bullshit
it was fun but you stole our meme, just so you know.
Such a freedom fighter
Learned and learnt
I didn't think that it could have been Turkish
Why Turkey looks so tired
But first they needed to make sure it's at a safe place
I actually miss Turkish coffee a lot living alone.
And I have no doubt the deep pockets of the Saudis would find a way, legal or not.
As I said if we keep developing our own stuff and it becomes as successful as the drones I see nothing wrong with continuing
this picture was shared by atlesat 10 accounts this morning, it gets tiresome
Turkey's top Muslim rep.: "there is no difference between an attack in a mosque and a night club, we must unite against terror" (x-post /r/Turkey)
We came fam
WHY
Students go to school at dark, and employees do not see sunlight in a day except the working hours
There are two that are still in use afaik
4 IMDb rating
Totally not gay at all ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The elections were to take place in 2019, but with some "pressure" from AKP's ally MHP, (right-wing nationalists) it was decided that it was gonna take place in 2018, next sunday
You and me both but if there are imams in your country and you can't do anything about it you might as well use influence on them to keep the radicalism out.
Not much variation
Tanıştığımıza memnun oldum
Some people were still concerned because of his political thoughts which turned out to be really concerning a couple years after the election
They'll make such a production with an obvious communist-phobic slant, and interweave subconscious messaging about how the west really did it better in every scene
It is true that there was only one election to elect the president and the vice president, in which the candidate that received the highest number of votes would become the president and the one that received the second highest would be the vice president
The Khedivate of Egypt had already suppressed the uprising, the French won the war
Our relations might not be the best for now, but it doesn't really matter
One as a rebel government in Ankara ruled by Atatürk, one in İstanbul ruled by the Sultan
They just become homeless after 20 secs of earthquake
Germany
It doesn't have more side effects than fossil fuel that's for sure
But its located in Syria in the immediate border to Turkey
My point is that it is easier to support a dictator when you are not being directly effected
**"Ankara'nın Bağları"** was my highscool bell-tone:'( **"Erik Dalı Gevrektir"** played in every hour in the bus when I was in a touristic trip
I also think a mixed economy should still exist for luxury goods and services.
Well I don't but I had the impression that there wasn't a big opposition against gay marriage in Germany
Mezes are the best kind of food lol
Had I waited a few more years I'd probably have been hospitalized from exhaustion and sickness.
Only "O" it means he-she-it
The TDK basically got rid of the rag bag now known to be Ottoman Turkish (which some historians attribute to be a bureaucratic jargon) and laid the basis of the modern Turkish language
After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well"
Don't put another economic burden on your dear poor nato ally
You know what they say third century's the charm.
> If we lose our human nature, we lose much, but if we lose our bestial nature, we lose everything
It isn't necessarily ignored in the rest of Europe but I've rarely seen Turkish domestic violence reported in EU  media
> that might help you
look so different and exotic, even alien, as if it was from a different planet
Though I don’t think the problems in East would be solved so easily
The reason is that when our current prime minister was first elected he was amazing but he definitely got corrupt over time
it is the most true thing in the whole universe probably
For you this might seem as bravery but for us it seems as on going terror organisation for 40 years which resulted 40,000 people death in Turkey since 1984
Pervin Buldan will get arrested at some point.
We don't deny anything
There are shithole Christian majority countries, there are shithole Muslim majority countries.
İt was ottomans  , i have accepted the Armenian genocide as a Turk but this comment is bullshit
If you're into (alternate) history, I'd suggest something like Man in The High Castle, or Fatherland
Apologies, I thought you were commenting in the r/Europe survey thread.
i think democracy is best way . if people elect bad president ,this is fate of people
You'll see people having the flag printed on their cars alongside an Ottoman era "Tughra"(the emperors signature) or the word Turuk(meaning Turk in old Turkish) spelled in old(very old) Turkic runes, you'll see it on trucks, you'll see it hanging from peoples balconies, you'll see a gargantuan flag flying in a clear area of the city
People tend to give this organization that much credit, just another Turkey topic
It was a demonstration to taunt Armenians who did the beating
Though I should add my school is not the best example because most students have poor socioeconomic statuses
Ottoman Jews were loyal to the empire and were against independent Greece.
AKP-supporters are like sheeps, they're following our beloved Sultan Erdoğan no matter what.
The problem is that he very much does not want to learn.
Hangi provider bu
Erdoğan is trying to surpass Laicism while CHP is letting him to do so
Arrest them and they are still in the EU.
8 billion people believe
I thought you had some sort of opinion poll, because that's where we would see evidence for such a theory either way.
Can I make you hot chocalate, coffee or something
Blame the foundations of your country, not some random citizen who thought electing Trump could be a better choice
We make politicians and selected few richer while we’re getting poorer day by day
* [Göbekli Tepe] (2018)
Probably depends on the person
Even if they did, the page you linked shows Turks share very little genetic similarity with Arabs, so what even is your point other than wanting to be ignorant?
yok ben de baktim sitesine toplam 7 tane var
I mean the Northern Cyprus
Thank you I’m looking forward to visit France too
Very commonly used for land
The ones you wear look like [this]
Erdogan didn't go to University, the current PM does not even know how the internet works
Well, they born in old Seljuk State so they shouldn't count
This reminds me of Gezi Park protests in Turkey.
None of these would have happened if Greek cypriots didn't try to genocide Turkish minority in the island.
Argentina is just a Turkey in South America, problems with landowners, neighbouring countries; downfall economy and military juntas etc
It depends on how close you are.
It’s because %100 of all ministers are AKP sided and they are all hunks
I would choose one of black tea, salça, kolonya, or cigarettes
Edit: If any Japanese is reading this, I don't mean to offend you
Hebdo's style was always "9th grade edge".
They didn't invent the food but they did invent the concept.
And in mainstream Islam it's simply a permission granted on the basis of self-preservation.
You use Uber instead of normal cabs
So you'll vote for the left the day they adopt right-wing values.
Erdogan also said this he had some decency back then
We, at least, all my friend doesn’t go anywhere but to bed to sleep
Soren Kierkegaard
My phone's wallpaper is plain black
And due to the MSC and the focus on fisheries, its certainly not a "luxury product".
Same in Istanbul
Is this his attempt to appeal pro EU crowd in Turkey?
She looks as generic as you can get with blonde women.
Those clusters you've mentioned typically form their own (a third) culture, which borrows from the cultures of both host and home countries but is essentially different from both
Turkey's Erdoğan releases message marking Christmas
I wouldn't think so, what is going on between you guys and the Romanians are none of our business.
Turkish is quite different)
saclarını arkaya tarayınca kendini tarık akan sanan babanıda götünden sikeyim
I've read the article mentioned in [this post] by /u/turqua and I can confirm it is pretty much the translation of the Sabah article and Hürriyet is a newspaper I somewhat trust.
Choose one, brate
Turks in Germany are already in line with the germans in germany in terms of fertility.
Rather than that the poet stands on the idea of nation
But the numbers are wrong its not 1
Couldn't help but add: Greeks living in Turkey including where Ionia was are called Rum (Roman).
>  involuntary treatment,
and the people exacerbate it
Kükürt(S)
Ferry left us at the center of Chios where a castle is located.
Turkish tea in particular
I was utterly amazed at their way of thinking, it was the stupidest thing
“Turks can be killed, but they can never be conquered
Lmao i thought you left Turkey out at first
Taxi drivers got Uber banned in Turkey
Man thank you so much have a great day
Recep Tayip Erdoğan its sadly 50/50 hopefully in 5 years that will change
CHP MHP voters also hate kurdish party so Erdogan can attack them easly.
But given how people start to perceive us in Europe thanks to Erdo...
People tend to call my way of talk "uneducated and lazy" and "not-cute".
İnönü
It is not easy to come to a country as a economic immigrant/refugee and find a proper job.
3-Sarajevo (Jerusalem of the Europe)
i know some people who do it on pans, but i prefer using a machine where it presses the breads into each other and they get crispier easier
If you're not already too old now, you have a nice chance to see the next one
A branch of my family lives in Sweden and they are just normal people who hate him more than anything
If you are interested in this topic and have like 4 hours to spare watch the videos of Kraut about Turkey
I mean [Sevres Syndrome] is still alive and mostly defines our foreign relations, so yep, WW1 has a definite effect on our foreign relations
Turks are very quick to propagandize how soon Turkey granted women rights such as the right to vote, before many European and Western societies, but it does not mean much since most women weren't allowed by their men to vote.
Ignore Ataturk's reforms, not even Tanzimat reforms reached some rural areas by the time WW1 was happening.
> I'm honestly surprised the Turkish state is funding their mosques directly considering its secular nature
The only actual Ottoman Turkish name for the city is Dersaadet, which is thought to have given by Rum Mehmed Paşa, who was actually a Greek-turned-muslim so there really is no way around a Greek name
“sıkıldım”
I still can’t find any similarities possibly because I haven’t been to either of those places, so could you please share your thoughts on this so that I can have an insight about Murakami’s choice as well
It is called Gray City
You probably will be disappointed in every city you visit except Lisboa ehe
Anyway, there are a lot of things that can trigger Turks
No, because in 1980 US organized a coup in Turkey, and resulting environment ended up fucking over a lot of religious people, who in turn went to vote for AKP's previous iteration and later on AKP itself.
I’m referring to the racist comments based on ethnicity, over the Ottoman sultans, as I said
I think it was around 631 days or something like that
Most of the time, one of it is one of your dads parent's name and other one is the name that your mom wants
My point is people are basing their arguments off of propaganda.
Written speech is easier to decipher if you make the effort
They are irritating and disrespectful
I thought this was a Turkish problem
Sultan 6
Maybe you should Google how a proper justice system works because living in Turkey has skewed your opinion.
[Here you can identify social class and political inclination with staches]
You didn't have to purge him, that's our job.
The most difficult one was Nutuk
TRANSLATION
Because the American media is (or was) pro-Erdogan.
Didn't play victim just don't see it as big deal.
You are one of them for sure :)
I was talking about this map only, it's a misunderstanding on my part
So this is not something too extreme for us.
Their budget is the tax money coming from the public.
This photo was shot in the European side of istanbul
Zurek (or however it is written)
Nope,none (Brussels)
I don't want to waste my time looking at articles
They should have driven cars everywhere and consumed as much as they could, right
So, we are a melting point
Turkish has no grammatical gender, however in Turkic mythology Moon is male (Ay Ata) and Sun is female (Gün Ana)
Yeah i mis-read the question thanks
for these kinds of life changing decisions you need to be fully mature and aware
Years ago when he said democracy is a train he will get off at the right station he was being hailed as a beacon of democracy and hope & example for other nearby countries by Europe lol
Its just a beautifull place with very very kind people.
You're telling me these guys missed the mark by a decade due to an honest mistake?
But it's not gonna happen
Making overused jokes and memes such as "Turkey
Show me an example like this video where declining freedoms in Turkey is a topic in some european parliament pre-2015.
Salad and meat is enough
Your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace
You write down what you hear and say what you write
They don’t have any translations to English but I haven’t seen any foreigner pronounce them right
My sister and I sometimes bring German to the mix (I took German in high school and she took courses)
Idk if that counts
I hope our situation gets better as well
I don't understand why do europeans want to sanctions on Turkey ? Turkey isn't a threat for European Union if you compare Turkey and European Union
kanka bence halk kotu lider secsede onlarin kaderi ordu karismamalj her şeye
There is a massive difference in education level of these groups.
Oh man, that's only like half the city.
It is a highly romanticized era, I would like to see how good we were at time
Germany is de facto apartheid state.
We will see, Britain left EU and others will left too, be sure
Yeah, the salafi ones do that
Honestly Apple probably would have switched on their own at some point
Broadcasted live on most tv channels.
You just sit on your comfortable couch and watch or read the news
Also you were still able to contact your family and share your wealth with them, which was nice.
Considering that mehmet akif was an Islamist not a nationalist
We fought with Germany in WW1 and fought against Britain, Francr and Greece in our independence war.
I understand what you say, because there many people like that on internet.
serbs for example aided ottomans against timur even when ethnic turks betrayed ottoman dynasty and fight for timur.
Con meyd hiz vey tu e tevırn tru dı dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut det hı forgat dı mani
It has actually got worse, i don't know many countries where social equality and liberties decline.
Match the similar sounding ones and unfortunately throw the rest away (e. g. No vowels) . Thank God we switched to Latin script which covers all the sounds in Turkish
Instead they take their orders from the ministry of internal affairs, like the police
Greece: Music
PKK is a terrorist organisation which do things like Kidnapping, Woman Trade, Slavery, Drug Trade etc
Turkey surprised me
we use İ and i for I and i in English
Yes
Im an ex muslim and you are bullshitting people
They hold Turkish passport and dual citizens of Turkish Republic.
British ambassador convinces him to send 1000 instead, because Queen Victoria had only donated 2000
I didn't think the majority as Dutch population actually hates the whole country or anything.
So there’s that
i could read and write but speaking
I keep hearing about that our language have the same words and grammar structures with Finno-Ugric languages
We don't have suburbs
Some random person starting a TV channel is hardly newsworthy to me.
Babylonians
Additionally some of them believe that if they get rid of Saudis their country will dissolve into chaos, and majority of them are also geniune Islamofascists.
In turkey, erdo won in a game where theres %10 vote treshold.
Happy cake day
He will stop white genocide, Muslim invasion, restore Christian Europe bla, bla.
I was talking about the hypocrisy of this sub (and the western world)
True because there is checks and balances in the USA whereas Turkey is free-for-all.
Such a stupid change
Neither did Erdogan before he was elected.
Military Band
[Gokturk Flag]
caring religion too fucking much and ignoring science developments
As far as I'm aware, no one serious actually denies any genocides on christians, I sure hope u/T129 doesn't either.
It's a small **non-profit** ISP
Why is this a thing in Switzerland
Only orange
Eh, my belidf would have been that if the Ecevit governemnt in the early 2000s hadn't collapsed and AKP hadn't come to government that Turkey would be in or near the EU today but I do understand that there's a power dynamic in the EUP which would be practically destroyed if Turkey joined
Neither can CHP
I didn't know that but yeah we're also some kind of hitler ourselves
It should be considered that before the Karabakh war there was an Azerbaijani community in Armenia as well
I believe we as two subreddits accomplished something beautiful today
It honestly wasn't hard to understand what his agenda was.
He is a human being with respectful vision for Turkey
I am sure most of people you ask will say similar things like this
Because it was gonna pass anyway and also he did it to prevent AKP from making the "Are you with us or them?" argument.
I think child rapings are the worst, and there were other speculations which this article didn't mention.
22% of the vote
While the wild habitat of the domestic cat is Anatolia in Turkey
daha fazladir
A small shop owner throwing a cash register to prime minister Bülent Ecevit during that economic crisis in 2001
Now that's just gross
Who looks at this photo and feels positive, honestly
Long before all of you were born
Source;
This particular school is historically Turkish, teaches in German and Turkish and accepts students through the Turkish State School Exam and is almost free whereas the others accept students through the Private Schools Exam and are very expensive, but they offer some scholarships to poor but successful kids.
However units such as ayak (feet) and parmak (fingers) are still taught at elementary education level just to give an understanding of the old school measurement systems to kids
Muslim majority*
The Republic of Turkey is the home of racism and fascism btw kemalism
Try living in 40 degrees
Calling someone whose ancestors lived there for 400 years an invader is retarded.
Since when
Maybe they act differently in other countries but in Turkey they are the best.
Some of our border towns have more Syrian refugees than local people.
Judging from the downvoted comments in this thread, I don't think they would be well received.
I'm against Turkey being a full member of EU but we should present united front against big corps
I wish they had videotaped the whole thing and we could fast forward through it.
"yeah but you committed a genocide" *upvoted through the stratosphere*
Model - Buzdan Şato
Reading it I wondered why Murakami specifically chose Finland in his novel but not somewhere else
Great Tengri should bless our country
They are Oghuz Turks
*sigh*
if you think i'm exaggerating, google 'mavi marmara'.
The city of freedom, passion, love
[Gentlemen, it's been a privilege
(He made Turkey a secular state, demolished caliphate and modernized Turkey
Are taking pictures of docks prohibited too?
But they are hypocrites, and they'd have no problem insulting other leaders too.
Also, the parliament coordinated the war efforts from Ankara, so it was a symbolic decision
It's sort of an inside joke at this point
That way personalities don't become a defining factor in politics, only political positions do.
Turkey feels like the center of the world for a reason
Persians influenced Turkish and Turkic culture very much, probably the main influence till this day (Turks influenced anyone else they came in contact with except for Persians who influenced Turks)
Doesn't say he is Turkish, it's just repeating the mythical origins of Homer
Cringe greek generals
You see, Britain was successful because it had a diversified industrial map - Liverpool, Manchester, Sunderland, Newcastle, Hull, Glasgow and more.
It's mostly basic English, no way 97% of the Netherlands speaks English
Racist
Turks hate him for being a British spy that helped Arabs "stab us in the back
İmrenmek = to envy
Our correct number is 112, 911 directs to emergency services (ambulance)
I have no idea why we call it the German Way though
Yes, creating a concrete replica of a 15th century mosque implies "we could not develop a new architectural style in the last five centuries and just are nostalgic about it". Sorry I am not really a fan of the Ottoman fetish
I support the idea of ​​an independent Kurdistan
net] user  Ralph Hippe Turkey isn't even asian let alone european
"If we erect his/her sculpture, we won't have enough concrete to fill his/her balls
I think we pronounce it quite right because we write it Sofya and reading it like this puts the stress on the “o”.
It is a public school where some lessons are taught in German.
It was big no-no in high school though
Killing the mother, kid(s?) and himself with cyanide
(last coup not included, they were islamist/gulenist)
But at the end it is not
I guess both sides are happy with what's going on.
Oh, taxi drivers in Turkey
I still think it's Greece's duty to check if incoming ships(in this case refugees) have the right documents to pass through.
So I can easily say that europe is dooming turkey doing these small petty stuff.
I wonder what effect if any this has on AKP voters.
"We'll be a superpower in the year of 2023" -Erdogan
> Serbia
+5,000 civilians and +6,500 soldiers in 30 years.
I'm talking about the hypocrisy of the western world - not you, not something personal - and this sub, cuz while Greek Cypriots are heros, no one mentions about the Turkish side
Turkey offical don't have a coat of arms but here is a proposed [one]#imgrc=cKAlFlDYpo6i4M%3A) from 20s or 30s and here is the one Ottomans [used]
or Do you want to make sure if astronauts hear us
I have visited british museum and was shocked to learn %15 of all museum is from turkish homeland and  % 8 was from greece
Snap elections were called because they couldn't sort out their shit in parliament.
Or maybe "Mumbar". I've never personally eaten it or even came across someone who've eaten it but I think that it's popular in the southeast regions
Paris for seeing the beauty
i dunno i love it so much
it might be a polarizing issue, like 55% is very anti-EU and 45% is very pro-EU.
Fucking PKK at it again currently news say there is 20 injured majority civilians...
Its language is Turkish
You lose more money and arrive your destination later
They emphasise the effect of the action, rather than the action itself.
Meanwhile in Turkey one of the cities got 49 degree
It should be considered that before the Karabakh war there was an Azerbaijani community in Armenia as well
Didn't think I was
Most of these look pretty good.
they used to identify and call themselves as romans so..
He says that just like father rooster trying to tell/make it believe his child that humans butcher them because they fear them not because humans eat chicken, Erdoğan is trying make Turkish people believe that West fears Turkey/Turkey's rise.
-them mentality
I really really suggest [Denge Oyunu] by Selim Deringil if you'd like to explore more about this.
Even before 1821,there were various little revolts going on around Greece.People were obvious not happy.
Don't dismiss the ground you set your foot on as "earth", know
Finland
I seriously doubt that
Nationalism saved our culture and our country.
-mış will be used for topics one does not fully comprehend
Idiocy is a plague and it spreads non-stop
A Turkish folk with more Mediterranean touch would be an excellent fit for İstanbul
I don't know, but I guess that's the likeliest possibility
there is a big yugoslav map relief on bar wall ,they love it
I dont see mr
Considering that one Bulgarian lev is like a billion liri ot doesn't sound good
For example, it's not that Greeks are stealing Turkish food, they've genuinely been cooking the same food alongside us
He tells the crowds that "Women use monkeys to do bad stuff" and this gets the attention of a few monkey haters around him
They were projecting back in 80s that Turkey would have over 90 million population right now.
I think you should look up the definiton of European: “relating to or characteristic of Europe or its inhabitants
Madrid for esspecialy religions
Although with the foundation of the TDK, it was formalized
I’d say it is “with balls” instead of “big balls” but I suppose if someone is reeeeaaly powerful it can be “ with big balls”
Most kurds would prefer Turkey
With two big parties, it boils down all the bullshit filler and single-issue parties into two choices
After the world war the Armenian community in turkey was nearly fully destroyed
The company is buying these shares from the state, with company's money.
Kahramanmaraş=Heroic Maraş
Gibraltar Strait actually looks cool
German and Italy because small nation into OP shit is fun
5 million speakers even without English, considering very poor English proficiency in Turkey
it surprised me similarity reaches even to kokorec lol
i would be making kebab
Islamists hate him a lot
CRITICAL HIT
As a everyday Turk what i know about Brazil is Football and carniaval.
No, we still pretend that there are no corona cases here
But why
No, they are part of the Interest-Lobby (Faiz-Lobby).
Bye bye EU, go and never come back
Well, that's where Turks originate from
Nearly all of the anti-secularization progress were made after the 1981 coup
Never knew they made it separately
Our words aren't gendered
At present the president can renew parliamentary elections.
Snow was always common in Turkey except southern coast and as you can see there is no snow at southern coast currently.
They support groups like PKK and YPG and also support the idea of a Kurdish state.
These guys won't be convicted, but even if they eventually would, there isn't enough time until referendum too finish their cases.
How about instead of a general culture themed day a sticked post about a musical piece or architecture chosen by the mods?
Jesus exists in Quran, he is just not the Prophet.
Hey uh
Buildings are white and town built facing sea makes the town photogenic somehow
So I think they deserve a visit
As well as USA should have kicked out of NATO when they entered the Afganistan and Iraq and arming a terror organisation which has  problem with another NATO member
Only orange
I am so irritated, i can't finish reading the sentence.
You guys love eachother there
I took this from facebook @turkishichistory page.If you are looking for pictures about Turkish and Turkic history i suggest you to check that page.
What happens to homeless
Are they going to hugely increase the prices in the summer now
I say the same thing when people blame WWI for Turkey’s problems
In primary school, ours wasn’t separate but in high school
And it looks like we are in form right now, so we will lose against Wales and Swiss :D and draw against Italy
Wow, thank God I’m not that anxious
Massive fucking problem, every other day on the news there is someone who got mauled by the packs of dogs
*There isn't another respected object among people like fortune*
4 = dört
Im pro-renewable but we should replace the fossil fuels with nuclear first to minimize the enviormental damage
Another Turco-Polish tidbit: The Ottomans never recognized the partitions of Poland, and would intentionally annoy Austrian and Russian diplomats by asking where the Polish representatives were
Tekirdağ: rakı (Turkey's national alcoholic drink)
But they are obviously well protected
Some cleaners straight up start cleaning your shoes without permission, then demand money, in other cases several shoe shiner kids will surround you, as one distracts you by cleaning your shoes the others will steal stuff from your pockets of bags
Atatürk
Turkish and kurdish speaking
However many top tier android devices are worse than iphones
Not a big deal but annoys me a lot
On the other hand some people love it and live there  in spite of all issues or they are dreaming to live there
One of the most traumatic events of our recent history
I hope one day this tyrannic saudi dynasty will parish and people of arabia will see a more equal,secular and modern society
As long as Greece responds to them, they will continue
And do sanctions ever work as intended ?
Is it in swamp
There is no offence to someone religion if you like chop some head maybe you can find this racist or something
Not anymore
It is relentless, is always hungry for blood, wants total domination and has great propaganda skills
Our national anthem is the only anthem in the world that starts with "Fear not
votes for Erdogan
The Count of Monte Cristo is the best book I’ve ever read
I'm so fucking sick and tired of right wing governments everywhere enough bruuh enough pls
Ah yeah it did indeed . I think they sued DC comics though
Hence why the old Turkic languages and the writing scripts were eradicated within the Empire, to get rid of the "unislamic" culture of the old Turks.
Town of 10k. Mostly consist of old or working people so very safe
It is basic right-wing populist stuff.
Ah, Eastern Europe
Seperatist movement isn’t peacefull it is terrorism which killed more than 10
Didn't know Greek land stretched all the way to [Sakarya river] Which greeks were living there I wonder?
Thank you
No WW2, no Cold War, no crisis, no coups, nothing
This Greek "hero" was a hero to the American banks and their way of life, not to Europe, not to Greece.
I don't think it is a serious sensitivity lost
It was 43 degrees here two weeks ago
New haircut style
Citizens of Schengen countries can travel to other Schengen countries without a passport and citizens of non-Schengen countries can get a single Schengen visa to be able to visit any of them.
So are earthquakes, death and stepping on a puddle of water with socks on
European media's propaganda campaign on Turkey is at it again.
300₺ ödüyorum 8mbps alıyorum ilk başta 100mbps geliyordu sonra 50 ye düşürdüler sonra 24 sonra 16 sonra 8 oldu :)
Seems weird to me
Its not a really good explanation
One of the few, not evil Emporer
It means they're trying to be nice to you
Imagine actually thinking human life matters lul
Turkey doesn't rely on any EU country in arms
Kurds in Syria is known by supporting PKK
Vernio FI
But it's hard to sell leaving the Muslim world for Europe if we might get rejected at the door, so there is very little support for the EU in Turkey.
I just love everything about it, man
[İzmir’in Dağlarında Çiçekler Açar
this day they fight
The president was supposed to do nothing except meet with some foreign leaders sometimes, no reason for political satire about him because he isn't political anyway.
What violence
It's like you have no idea about the last 50 years of Afghanistan.
In fact I live in Western Europe and there's a Turkish grocery store around the corner selling Turkish coffee, but the only brand they have is Serbian Turkish coffe, and I as a Serb am buying it from the Turks who drink tee.
We will have to take our place somewhere else and that unfortunately includes Islamism.
•Kars:A city with a big russian,Azeri and armenian cultural heritage
Perhaps the balkans should adopt that word, that way you don't have to worry about ć/č confusions.
Despite what people might think, most people in Turkey, including AKP voters, heavily support democracy.
And I believe so both because of my personal observation and the fact that such a conscious refusal has resulted in at least [one theory] related to learning the language of the host country
Dear Americans if you again have intentions to bomb middle east, aftermath please take the refugees to your country
It strenghten the bonds between them
Language itself can be real childish easily
You guys could not begin to comprehend how most Muslims are
Turkey is European and Asian at the same time and there's nothing you can do about it.
Weird
It's all surface level
Fuck terrorists
I believe the southern government is a puppet of Greece as much as the northern one is a puppet of Turkey
We are not related with Hungarians we only lived closely in Asia
Although I would say that semi independent since inner anatolia was free and clashing with the invaders
(more income, more chances for one of the kids become doctor or engineer, more people to immigrate to Istanbul), which eventually overpopulates big cities.
Enjoy your time here and ask away any questions you may have, also avoid using taxis :p
We will never forget them
Some of the voters voted more than one and they burned some votes  (at least i think) but yeah hope he will be gone
I'd love to see Rome of Florance
How is it going to work in a country with blasphemy laws
It definetely creates a emotional bridge between americans and turks in Adana, the city where air base is located
If we reach quarter-finals, it would be above my expectations and would feel satisfied
We just sat and watched
When Greece was occupied by Germany Turkey sent food and supplies to our Greek friend
That is incredibly disrespectful to all of those turkish journalists and opposition supporters who are in jail or even dead.
Caesar's destruction is mentioned in Life of Caesar by Plutarch, and Caliphate destroying is from Relations De L'Egypt.
The Turkish vice President said that women should not laugh in public.
We have state owned propaganda machines in our TVs 24/7 too, I can understand you to my bones
Because we have reasons that are not bullshit to hate the government but when people make stuff up it gets annoying.
What a great way to spend tax payers money.
)  Yeah there are problems, and both Turkey and Greece kind of act like dicks to each other in turns, but ultimately those are gonna be solved sitting on a chair and duking it out via paperwork, not via getting into a shitty situation with another NATO ally
Promises made by Political Parties
Mass deportation of any ethnic group, for example Moroccans, is ethnic cleansing according to UN definition.
For us, they are independent state
>r/IndigenousMetal
Touristic places have big populations of stray dogs, usually pedigree, due to people going on holidays with a new puppy and leaving it there
Lets play a round of Tavli over the Agean Island to solve the issue once and for all, but Turkish rules.
Just because some are economic immigrants does not mean all of them are.
Although there are 50 states in America, elections seem to be lead by only 9-10 states
Same thing happened in Turkey/Antalya, they put bike lanes going towards and on the sidelines of the coast, after a year of cars not caring about the bike lane and the ones that do, reporting to the government that they dont want bike lanes, the bike lanes have been removed
They're not so common nowadays
Turkish mothers also mainly make simple dishes....
And listing sources that only reports the claims of Armenia aren't "sources" on whether this happened or not
That's awfully pessimistic of you.
I live in Istanbul, so it makes more sense for me to vacation in Chalkidiki than jn Bodrum
Gets a pass at _what_? Sorry for being Ottomans, I guess
Secular people of this country haven't said the last word.
It's taste is above average (very good by Turkish chocolate standards).
Here's an article that explains it better than I do: [
I understand you so much
Opening of random horror movie
Isn't Saxony like Alabama of Germany?
In that terms, Armenian Genocide wasn't a genocide either since most of Armenian wasn't even re-located specially the ones were at western side of Anatolia
Greece: Yall have an awesome history(and are really hospitable)
Russia
1-East Rome/Byzantine Empire
Admitting to killing her
Even though I'm a hard centre-leftist/social democrat/secularist, I think she's a very good person, I don't think she deserves any of the hate she gets.
[This] map may help you understand
109 people died and 500+ got injured that day
I don't really like the previous ones tbh
Greek media and politics aren't different from Turkey's in that matter
Sometimes they're downright scared of people and go running when you get anywhere close.
> Switzerland than Pennsylvania
beautiful city
Nobody, even the politicans, against to the coup
Agreed on the second part, the whole country is breathtaking
It's very different from turkish which is an altaic language that's not part of the indo-european family
For comparison, turnout is usually around 85% in general elections.
erdobots might hear us
In fact, there are more people speak German amongst elder people than those speak English as a result of German being the primary foreign language in schools until 80s/90s. There is a relatively big group of francophones since we have French schools in most of the major towns
Oh we are in the schengen area finally
Those two languages are both Turkish but the lexicology of the noble one is heavily affected from Persian and Arabic
Turkish: Fly
It would be a very unfortunate way to go but they are not some YouTube pranksters, they would have died to protest with the hope of finding a solution for the most important problem the humanity has ever faced
That makes more sense, and better than believing in empty baseless lies
Most of them live in their own neighboorhoods so their views don't change(Ofcourse not all migrants are same).
Istanbul has more acess to services than any other city but there isn't a huge difference.If something exist in Istanbul 90% the time it also exist in Ankara(if Melih stops f.cking it Ankara could be a better place but "BUILD MORE ROBOTS!!!!") and Izmir.In the past it was worse and there was a big difference but since 2000-2010 even the cities in the East are now ok.
[the emblem of France] I mean, for example UK's anthem isn't specified by an act of parliament or a royal proclamation, but it would be silly to claim UK doesn't actually have an anthem whenever God Save the Queen is mentioned.
I don't think politicians are as simple as common people.
It would help to ease the islamphobia a lot to have someone who can define what muslims officially should believe.
I've seen Australian, Korean, South African, several American, Pakistani license plates in Turkey and Kazakh, Chinese plates in Germany
Yes, these are most popular cities but there are 79 more cities and their cultures are so much different
**According to Google
[Here is one from Belgium, Brussels] There is no shortage of examples here.
+add me to
Persians
[Hababam Sınıfı] \-  Lazy, uneducated students share a very close bond
I think most people do know
Using the Turkish flag in this graphic, and in general, assuming the Turkish Republic is the successor of the Ottoman Empire in every regard is historically incorrect
I say the same thing when people blame WWI for Turkey’s problems
The fact that a *left-wing* newspaper are okay with using this sort of language when referring to a big part of the Danish population should tell you enough.
But most of the time I speak English with my friends and at this point we probably speak better English than Turkish
As I've said, we love sitting
**Translation**:
I’m just sad that what got Hitler and Mussolini elected is still well alive and kicking in 2018 in this old world of ours, after all of us are so well connected to the rest of the world
45 percent of the country is really retarded though, you can break everything down to its basics and they will still probably say something like "you don't get this yet, you need to grow up
no place is perfect so, besides that event i loved switzerland
Sincap(From Persian): An animal comes from Squirrel Family Tree, lives on trees, usually eats fruit, has too many hair, long tail, has tiny body, Değin(II), Çekelez(Sciurus Vulgaris)
Kaan is a lazy version that could be given by a lower class of family
Ottomans are something 'other than the Turks' though
You are pathetic
My god we have such a diverse trigger system
Is that true
This things are never a cause of ban or even a reaction of common sense
We are not
We don't know if the coup was fake or not.
As far as I know no go zones means the areas the police will not come to enforce law.
Look up the PKK, FETÖ, and/or DHKPC.
And nuclear energy is the only possible solution right now
That Turkish goverment are assholes?
Enough corrupt that people who support AKP took crazy high amount of money from government to do job which can be done 75-80% less money if it went to another cooperation
Izmir March has same value as Kafkasya March which both of them are very old marches
I mean
We are one of the most obese country in Europe .
If given chance i would serve in the army for a similar cause
What if the British Empire Reunited Today?
And it is not the first time they do it.
Idk what happened next
That is not a good comparison though.
Slava Ukraine
I don’t know if this is common but my mum calls it “Taht”(Throne) as like “When will our king leave its throne
Prime Minister, take this, I'm a shop owner
Which translates to “camel of the prophet”. Why
Idk my mom's grandfather was a islamic music writer so I guess he was something like a pious man
There are also chip readers in train and metrobus stations that you hold your card against, it automatically calculates the amount of money to be repaid when you exit the bus/train
-A lots of other old Ottoman cities in Europe, Africa, Asia-
So that's how Australia keeps the warboys off the streets!
Shit they even have similar names
I mean Altona (a suburb of Hamburg) for example was originally a Danish colony, and Schlieswig Hollstein was either a part of or a vassal of Denmark for a quite a long time before the Prussians unified Germany.
And I guess "2e kamer" is the name of the Dutch Parliament
I really like you all komşu, first I learned Greek people like nazım in the event of uprisings maybe 4 years ago and the dog was included couldn't remember it's name though
There mustn't be allowance for dual citizenship for Turks IMO
Immigrants tend to be more rude, more radical and more big-headed and more bigoted than Turkey Turks
The trams especially make it very similar
Yeah I don't get people who think that nothing in the world must change.
They aren't urban, they are rural.
İzmir for history and foods
Lol
Patlıcan(Eggplant) Dolma is the best dolma.
I didnt know it was illegal in Turkey
I want to say istanbul but it would be  strategically wrong
How is it our self-interest to side with Europe ?
Tr de demokrasi mi vardı aq
Also the first time I've seen foldable seats on a table like that
Not here but if you say on twitter and facebook you might get in trouble.
It was especially towards Netherlands If I am not mistaken
No, of course not
I and ı is a lot different
People say things like "let's embargo Turkey" something like that would actually help Erdoğan
i didn't write that Turkey has leverage.
Lmao, as a Turkish citizen, I expected that
People love money more than anything and if the ruling party can't provide it , it will probably be their end.
You can tell because the golden horn is in front and the bosphorous is to the right.
and people gather in cafes and chat
One day, I was translating him to my Türkmen friend and she stopped me mid sentence and said that he’s speaking Turkish
Edit: Changed the years in Erdogan
But then hit me
Never heard a negative comment about it
Yes, always
So he lost a election because of it .
Russian
I have implied or said no such thing
I was shocked while watching it and even more shocked researching it later
It's very relieving to hear some gratitude after all
no one bombs them
Hmm
For example, you can have a short chat even when buying bagels from a peddler on the side of the road on your way to school
When we get rid of him we plan on keeping that stuff
I dont think we would have an issue with integrating.
It's like "put me in a fridge and throw the fridge into a freezer" kind of hot
Especially considering that you also believe someone stating Homer was likely born in what is now Western Turkey is claiming that he is Turkish
Here is the proof that Turkey shot down the alleged armenian jet
But it has nothing that makes you feel like you are living Istanbul
Incredibly skeptical
We should put Norway next to Japan so they can terrify each other with their respective sea food dishes
It went on for like a solid two three years
Great news.I hope more country will follow this.It should help the referandum.
I don't know why our government decided on GMT+3
It's compulsory for all Turkish citizens from birth
literally everyone in the world is welcome to turkey.
First of all Mongolia is in central asia,
Last and not least, I know people in Turkey who have summer houses in Cyprus
Alas, most students don’t have access to the internet and the ones that do simply don’t care
Because its regarded as a somewhat elite school, your kids learn German, the education in Germany is probably better too then the average Turkish school too.
While there is the chance that it may be banned if it suits the government, it really isn't a political issue in Turkey
In some cartoons, The Hulk is translated as "Yeşil Dev". And it literally translates to "Green Giant".
Probably haggis
Man wish I lived those times
You're still only a baby now lmao
Please seize any Erdogan accounts.
Giving Turkey to Greece, Greece to Turkey
One small group of millitants =/= entire ethnic group
i have no problem with people who likes pandoro, hell i have some pro-pandoro friends too but i'm definitely going for panettone.
Activate my genitals and get a loan are the most accurate ones
Considering Turkish is spoken by more than 75 million people as a native language and the fact that Turkish speakers generally have poor English, absolutely not
Our shitty apartment buildings, our shitty parks, our shitty roads
That's reddit, what can you do.
Religion does not belong in school, no matter under what pretense.
When i was a first grader in turkey we had 40 children
6 total and 3 of them are in Istanbul so I wouldn’t call it easily accessible
What did you say about my agglutinative brother you snow German
It was founded in 1932 by Atatürk
One thing led to another and the public sentiment towards Anzac troops are extremely friendly now while the British are portrait as the ruthless, greedy imperial power that sent innocent people from the other side of the world to their deaths
Oh my bad then, id join you on that 3rd option as well, it was pretty much like south park's giant douche or turd sandwich dilemma in the end.
And what are these "concerns" of yours?
Some of these refugees go to their own country in holidays
Can't wait for summer to end
Is that true
I think you meant mayor instead of major
Most people don't even have an opinion about how to play rugby
they betrayed us in ww1 lmao
He doesn't look that diabolical tbh
I had to expose myself to /r/worldnews for this, you owe me braincells.
+ 10 malee damage to all religious enemies
Greeks hate Turkish goverment though then again who doesn't?
I hope the situation gets better but what were they doing with minks
mfw 1 turkish lira is equal to 5 euros
Big fan of her
However Turks had no other choice
(Popeye-Temel reis Bluto-Kabasakal\[lit
Ah, I thought it was on the 23rd, thank you.
Turkish pop singers love your metro stations so much [it became a music video cliche.]
Avio IT
I had 5 classes
Mülübüçüm şübülübürüm dürürüşübüm!
On turk's turn genie asks for his wish and turk say "I want greek and armenian to come here back".
"Şehir" (city) as a legal term does not exist.
They murdered around 400k jews and roma
But what about Corbyn
exaggeration
pretty damn good elevators though :D
You guys were right, should have not called it fake news and got lots of downvotes for no reason
Keep going strong
A luxurious apartment in one of Istanbul's best neighborhoods
Edit: I guess it would be “-mtırak” translates to specify a colour similar to what colour has added on
I mean if I were a supporter of a far-right party, I'd be pissed off if my party is driven by some foreigners.
Russia not Greece, Russia not defenseless Armenian.
That is a crime
C) Where the hell are Italians considered successors of the Roman Empire, that should be an example *I* should've used
He'd have much better chances as just a German citizen.
USA because larping to share freedom to the world is fun
Noobs
First of all, I'm not a Cypriot but I'm Turkish therefore I think I'm related to this topic
One side wants union, the other side wants more.
So, now I that time is reduced to 1
if the countries who supply us gas and oil sanction us (russia, iran, krg etc) life would stop.
Even a small amount of foreign debt would hit the Cuban economy hard because of the exchange difference.
All bow before the prophet
For some reason, I Want to play victoria 2 after seeing this pic
" and makes you play
What
(Though I translated Allah as the god as it means in arabic, in Turkish it means more like "the Islam God" since there already is a word for gods in general: Tanrı)
Well not really, when we say anything publicly we risk getting jailed.
She gives the "this is fine" look
"Kanka" is the most common, being a shortened version of "Kan kardeşi" or "blood brothers"(I think that is the literal translation
It's just the cuisine there feels like "Is it edible?
We are talking about them actually but very little
Kadıköy has nothing on Beyoğlu imo
Just guessing, I don't know the situation on the ground.
The new Sultan, Murad the 3rd, appoints a guy he likes to a high place in the government
only mehmed conquered and won
* the climate is not as bad as the other nordics
Thanks for the Turkish version.
Sometimes English is better at describing something, but it sounds icky used in my native
> I'm honestly surprised the Turkish state is funding their mosques directly considering its secular nature
Two things:
Özür dilerim but wtf
The Greeks set houses and buildings on fire as they were retreating.
OK, right, let’s, first off, uhh you’re seventeen so you’re not even old enough to play the game, you’re from Scotland not Nigeria and you annoy people and put them on YouTube ‘cos you’re a cunt, which I totally agree with.
Greece did try to implement it...
" or " I didnt know women were allowed to not wear hijabs
Nah that was 2016 and instead of explosions there where tanks and jets for that one
Its not suprising that you don't care about history one bit I cleared my post a bit more to prevent you people from acting like idiots towards me but guess I was not fast enough
Are the apartments too small
I never even said I want the Empire back I dont understand what you are doing
We start high school at the age of 14
Their main difference is Kurds are sunni while Iranians are shia
No matter your ethnicity, religion or language
Too bad it didn't make it to the finals
Which I have to placed in at least 80,000/2,200,000(the year I have taken the class) people to minimum to enter to private university with around 25% to 50% scholarship
Turkey is still occupying Cyprus territory
I never heard of French or Russian or Greeks coming over for memorial.
Also, I want to ask: How could this affect Russia or Bulgaria
Its not Turkish cypriots who occupies the territory it is the other -bigger- Turkish state and it is their own land not another countries.
Ne cahil milletiz amk,ondan sonra Europe bize niye sövüyor
Because I am sick and don't want people to catch my sickness or Maybe because there is something on my face that I want to hide a burn scar for example.
I thought only Turkish had this
That we have deserts and camels
whats first cyprus flag
In this case the good cop actually hates the bad cop, and also the good cop decides the outcome not the bad cop (TCs will vote in a referandum not Turkey).
Gatherings against the referendum are dispersed or not allowed.
But not many people use it today
But if I ask in an American subreddit I will be told people don't know what it tastes like in Europe :o
Apple will probably just include a USB-C to Lightning adapter in EU sales and call it complaint
And you’re just a fucking retard.﻿
Out of all cities I've visited, Mardin or Urfa felt really foreign
[Gokturk Flag]
Things hard to accept but still truth, oof
I also met a guy in Athens who said it's kinda offensive that we don't have a word for Hellen in Turkish.
Besides, people from one region who move to another will not speak in their local dialect with people who may not understand it
They are well taken care of and are our friends
It's a joke at this point to be fair.
5A-R
For me it's polluted, much too overcrowded (this is the main problem), has pretty bad infrastructure (road placement, tap water etc), ugly outside of historical places, and so on.
a misleading title with propaganda
It was just a link with a meme.
Kurşun(Pb)
Turns out Dallas was really popular in Turkey back then, and ceyar is the bastardization of [J.R.]
He has a great talent that brings money
Lmao
I am not going to comment whether What US did was right or wrong but people's perception of it, is that it's horrible.
how do they manage low and high tides
As well as USA should have kicked out of NATO when they entered the Afganistan and Iraq and arming a terror organisation which has  problem with another NATO member
Seriously, the only Turkish invasion you should fear is probably the one that comes with sunscreen and hawaiian shirts
The problem is you’re assuming the continent when people are mentioning Europe
this will end up in 2 ways
I write it without a line though
It can get to -40C as well in certain places.
It has a very rich food culture as well
Turns out, increasing life standard lowers birthrate, similar to China, which has birthrate very close to Japan.
I learned so many things about different cultures and countries
Full of conservative people, economically so bad and it has one of the worst university in Turkey
"I don't like what I voted for is actually taking place so politicians shouldn't have listened to the voters in the first place, because that's just how democracy works"
Or greece who just adopted secularism
Main purpose of Diyanet (institute of religious affairs) is prevent radicalization in Turkish religious communities.
It's a good place to use as an example.
Yes most muslims from Bosnia have migrated to Turkey and still do today.
Only satellite and terrain, with meteorology
not sure if it's correct but my aunt moved to hatay district and she claims those people to be very secular and open minded.
There are a lot of problems here
I'm not familiar with Canada politics, I mean I didn't get it.
And I have seen that lots of European redditors have mental problem, because If I had said that I'm pro EU intstead of I'm pro eurasia, people would have downvoted me again
Laz language, offshoot of old Greek still spoken in the Black Sea region
Those clusters you've mentioned typically form their own (a third) culture, which borrows from the cultures of both host and home countries but is essentially different from both
And, Joseph is Yusuf
You probably think it is quite recently no?
It turns out regular 'democracy' isn't optimal
Is a weirdly common sentence close friends use when the other makes a nice gesture
This is how human mind works
Relations are getting better everyday as i observe
I completely agree with you regarding Erdoğan's regime, but as you said, Turkey has been waiting in line way before Erdoğan came to power
While USA develops equipment by standing on previous technology we have to develop technology from zero but after few year a decade two we will also have something to stand on
it are
read the preparations part
Written speech is easier to decipher if you make the effort
That might result in suden disappearance of 50% of Turkey's population
like getting a haircut, getting a taxi, going to a car mechanic, calling a plumber, delivery etc
I'll ask one out of context question, how do you pronounce the 6^th letter of the politican's first name
I didn't say they are islamist
Armenians are not Middle Eastern tho.
Lol i don't have any faith in it either so you're asking the wrong guy.
Minimum wage simply just isnt enough for a healthy diet
Of course you can't find because we sold "some" of the Ottoman Archives to the Bulgaria lol
How friendly do you consider your country for non-EU expats/immigrants ?
lol reddit is offically /pol/ now.
We have 2-3 students attending on average
Aulla FI
Same in Turkish
Propaganda
Probably, It is because of we did not take part in
Well, I have no problem with sending back troglodytes.
7 nm process
I learned so many things about different cultures and countries
Or you Europeans just like having animosity towards Turks
It was especially interesting seeing the recordings that all imams have the exact same speeches.
It is and almost everyone buys it
kazakh %39
For example, Brits planned a great celebration for 100th anniversary of the [Trafalgar] in 1905 but then they cancelled it to not to offend the French they were allied with.
German influenced Alsace
Estonia
The Armenian community in Nakhichevan (Azerbaijan) was expelled in the first world war as well
*Turkey, Turkland, Turkistan*, etc
Turkey
I’d like to assume that only a fringe minority thinks that, but my experience tells me otherwise
Well, I never thought it as a mosque, but they indeed look similar
no need to explain
- a red marlboro please
I was incredibly impressed since I was struggling so hard just to learn English
Doesnt know why but keeps voting for akp and erdoğan
Ideologies mean very little when the entire existence of your nation is at stake, which you can see now since Erdoğan is a single referendum away from being an actual dictator.
It should be noted, AA is a government mouthpiece so these are what AKP thinks.
As a leftist I always wanted to say that to a liberal btw.
To do and To make is Yap-mak
I am just trying to explain the other side as this subreddit is a very much of an echo chamber
Late but here is a list for Turkish Rap.
And both sides need to start compromising
In Turkish he says (more or less) "Do not forget Aleppo.
I recognize the genocide, but what’s the point of this shit you posted
Wow, Turkey is really empty
The German government may also be funding the German staff of the school, however it's not like their financing is needed.
Till this day the inner-Anatolia feels different than the other parts of Turkey for a reason
Monthly net engineer salary (average)
In this subreddit, it doesn't matter if you are from right or left.
Yeah me too but even though we are dysfunctional siblings we are still siblings
I feel like my credit card was somehow charged for even looking at this picture
He just set his location to Liechenstein for..
Ölümlü: mortal
We won in Armenia, we're doing good in Syria and Libya
Turkey never had modern democracy in the first place
Not really against Erdoğan as far as I see, and why is this allowed, fascist fuckers
Don't you think it's fine if they come knowing only basics, as long as they're ready to learn
OP's just saying what he thinks in a articulate and polite way.
Both turkey and greece have strong archeological museums
Parthenon
Yes its started 105 years ago
Ahh I saw a turkısh flag <3
You’ll just look silly
The main objective is designing an affordable buildings to make an huge profit
Im sorry but ı cant hold myself moore, you and other 'western' subs always looking one sided
That's a horrifying depiction of Theresa May.
Edit: Actually you don't need that, you can add it anyway if you want
They don't know shit about laicite, they think it's anglo-saxon secularism when in fact Atatürk wrote "laiklik" in the constitution after the French concept (secularism and laicite have separate Turkish translations, that was a concious choice).
I love Trump cuz he is a Pro-Turkey and Pro-Israel president
Turkish doesn't have a gender system but in Turkish mythology/fairy tales, the Moon is usually depicted as an elderly man while the Sun is depicted as a young woman
It's not the same thing maybe, but it still ads-up with today's situation
(Not so) Fun Fact
German politicians are advocating for Kurdish autonomy in Turkey all the time.
Raw octopus is just not my thing
Probably holds an personal grudge against a Kemalist person or he is just some paid shill
Turkey is not culturally in line with Syria.
I don't know why everyone acts like they are an ambassador for their country though
I have used different sources for the different parts of the map at different time periods
This will only get worse with climate change.
Constant political violence, economic crisis, US embargo and more
Boyfriend killed his girlfriend(ex
This is just a waste of space and time.
Visas can be canceled without reason given.
They aren't United Kingdomish
Izmir would be the most westernized city in Turkey.
It was more like geographical rather than political
So yeah, I guess so
Half of them from Europe
I love how random some of these are, genuinely made me laugh when I saw that %12 hate Moldova
Argentina, Finland and Korea
I think this comes off as very wholesome because it shows a humanoid side of people in the past
Well no wonder it's called the Diyanet.
Should I say to the German/French/Dutch etc people that they are nationalistic
[Kokoreç] (grilled intestines), [işkembe] (tripe) soup, [brain salad] and probably other meals involving offal
Gulen locked up all the high ranking secularist Turkish army officers prior to coup with staged cases like Ergenekon and Balyoz.
By that way, we got into Libyan civil war too and Greece got rly mad
*"Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez
Its fake news guys
Good thing is, the years of lawlessness and government oppression have "radicalized" the opposition parties for the better
I didn't click but it took me little while for to get it
Later they changed that rule to the eldest son
Same as a father did this to his family
He gave me the price after I asked for one
Turkey and Hungary renovated Ottoman remnants together, adding plaques that explain their significance and also other works by their architects/funders which are mostly in Turkish borders
Yes homo
Fuck
Oravala FI
* "They took the women they raped to the ward with their bloody skirts
I hate Çamlıca Mosque but good photo
The trams especially make it very similar
There are no common hatred or love towards Romania in Turkey
So you can hear a word and write it down
But recently Erdogan's government decided to no longer allow Uyghur refugees to turkey and considering even resend those who came
I feel europan because I've born and raised in Europe and my family are from balkans
And how big is the Albanian navy even?
Not to sound elitist or anything, but politicians in Turkey are on the same intellectual level as taxi drivers and janitors
if you love animals so much, get one indoors at your home
But thanks for the added details.
Erdoğan talking shit about Lausanne is for domestic consumption.
What am I supposed to do with this information
, typically humorous in nature, that is copied and spread rapidly by Internet users, often with slight variations
Depending on the social demography swear words changes
The country went through so many changes, I’d like to experience it unfold
Maybe send them to a Liberal Arts college for free, that way they can understand civilization better.
West Azerbaijan (Iran) was in some time periods also a part of the Armenian kingdoms - part of the Armenian provinces Vaspurakan and Barska hayk (= Persian Armenia - in Armenian language)
I wonder if there are more bullshit in your mind
Il y a plein de mots transparents je crois
My knowledge about universities isn't that good but these should all be good universities
However, humidity and temperature creates an ideal environment for bacteria.
There is one tiny exception that I won't go into unless pressed.
It's a figure of speech
>I just had to point it out that the atrocities were committed by terrorists that had nothing to do with the ordinary Greek Cypriot people that suffered due to the invasion
Just a number you say
Good beer, pretty girls beautiful city, why wouldn't people want to live there?
Gross includes the commercial banks' required reserves, held by the central bank.
She was put into medical care multiple times
Same-sex marriage in Europe
Please don't cross the line when you speak about topics that you are not informed well
In what wild west/middle ages "I gotta defend my property" scenario are you actually living in?
Don't care, I'm here for corporate blood and bubblegum and I'm all out of bubblegum
Poppi FI
How you can be a minority of any kind and vote for the right-wing just boggles my mind, but everything exists I guess.
But everyone calls Istanbul "Constantinople". And that's something I don't like, bro the Byzantine Empire is gone, it's Istanbul now, get over it
Country
Probably the '99 earthquakes in İzmit and Düzce that collectively killed about 45
I wish we could do the same without the fear of getting jailed for it
Same
So I'd say that's a good choice
Yes, probably
Barış Özcan
im so sorry
(Sorry for being long lol)
When those trails happened Gulenist and AKP purged many soldiers but Western media didn't potray it much because they saw it as a democratic(!) step for Turkey.Also it happened during the time when Western media was potraying Erdoğan like a great muslim leader who is the role model for moderate Islam.So i don't remember it you are right.
80&#37; of turkish **voters ,** Most of Turks don't even vote for Turkish elections
I don't blame average American citizen for what the US government is doing but please stop virtue signalling and singling others out because it looks kinda funny
How the fuck you guys connect Turkey with the terrorist attack on France
In Turkey we have ATLAS
for Turkey
They're fairly transparent (if open to some interpretation) and all you have to do is google them.
Illo IT
We should uss nuclear instead of fossil fuels and then try to replace them with renewables later
My favorite Pantheon, it's amazing
Dude don't try to argue with these arm-chair generals.
It is been 40 years legality is irrelevant now.
It's just that the World pattern of "old men" being in charge is leaving us with a lot of dickhead leaders Worldwide at the moment
Is this mean uncircumcised guys reach orgasm sooner because more nerve more sexual pleasure
In Turkish we have "Olaya Fransız kalmak" (verbatim: "to be all French to something") which means "to be a stranger to something".
Glad you enjoyed those
How will people rationalize their problems when everything that plagued 2020 wont go away at the stroke of midnight
But I wouldn't choose to live there
Maybe I'll go once the EU decides to stop anal probing us before giving us visas.
Since when Turkey is in Europe?
Yozgat, Hakkari, Kütahya, Bayburt etc.
Funny thing is that they weren't majority even in Diyarbakir, so called capital of Kurdistan before PKK's terror campaign scared Turks away.
Why on earth you build a mosque right into the Parthenon ..
AKP's previous prime minister called ISIS "a bunch of angry kids" for fuck's sake, AKP doesn't have an immediate problem with ISIS whatsoever.
Ahh Radegast
So the only country we're really worried about now is France.
Which is causing reaction from the Turks (as they are already paranoid about everything)
But at least it's not French
thats right we understand azerbajani same nation
Huh, must be a bug on my end then.
They might disagree what it should include/beliefs should be permissible or how much there should be/permitted/subsidized, it's not comparable in the slightest.
Let us remember Erdogan was defending LGBT rights during his campaign in 2002
Wiki page seems to have the sources to back it up
The foam comes and goes in seconds so you have to catch it separately and put to cups with a teaspoon.
But differences between district dialect is not seen much as between cities
I read the article and I don't think I've agreed with him more on anything else before.
I worked in an architecture firm
But a scientist does not use -mış, eventhough logic should work the same with "kar yağmış".
There are more Pomaks in Turkey than Bulgaria
The islands Imros and Tenedos belong to Turkey now, that's what's Turkish about them.
Look at Ukraine and how close they placed their country to ours
Don't you think he is the CHP version of Erdoğan though
CHP 25,32% MHP 11,90% HDP 10,76%(these numbers were actually higher but the conflict with PKK restarted and these 3 parties failed to from a coaltion so AKP nearly gained 10% votes and increased to 49,5% from 41%).
Considering Turkish is spoken by more than 75 million people as a native language and the fact that Turkish speakers generally have poor English, absolutely not
People who actually want to know about it do seperate studies
Ahahaha was just about to say the same thing
So you went ahead to say that "Turks (in general) claim Homer is Turkish". You might have seen that on youtube or instagram somewhere, that is not falsifiable so it is beyond commentary but no, Turks (in general) don't claim Homer is Turkic
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
and the people exacerbate it
I'm not sure who else could possibly be ludicrous enough to suggest social democrats are far-right.
It strenghten the bonds between them
Bunların dilinden milliyetçilik düşmüyor.
Zengin mekanı dedikleri götü boklu bir plaj, Yunanistan'da olmayan şey değil.
And it isn't about your country either
Otherwise they wouldn't have been silent for 15 years.
basically prisoners of it mostly politicans and people that insulted erdoğan
fuck that guy
There is no death penalty in Turkish judicial system
although ill be affected i wanna see how our govt reacts if we get sanctions, go towards china
Hey guys, is this room private
Vasto IT
I remember a news article about the CEO of one of those companies jumping off a fucking window
And then the Russians conquered it and gave it autonomy
Don't dismiss the ground you set your foot on as "earth", know
The most optimist expectation is 100k death, several millions of homeless people and the complete destruction of the economical capital of Turkey
It has to do with the Turkish War of Independence when the Allies tried to invade Turkey.
Also the fine seems to be 10 Euros for not voting even if it was ever enforced.
Greece, Italy, France, Spain, Austria, Switzerland
This fella is from Iraqi Kurdistan.
Sorry I made an ignorant comment
Don't think so
Csgo maps ahahah
These German warplanes fly out of Incirlik base though.
She was crying “Mom, mom” constantly
Secularists/Kemalists don't accept that there was a genocide either.
Girls was jelous tho
"silivri is cold
Just after the (Counter-)Coup of 1909
Turkey is like the non-official cat country of the internet
But when it's for government there should be some rules
Must be written Gökhan
Because of these nice people I always wanted to go to Serbia, now it almost happened 9 years over this but one day I will go definately.
It might not be the most iconic photo overall, but it's always the first photo the media uses when a natural disaster happens
We just sat and watched
I am not going to go to school for the first week and see what is going on, how the school acts for protecting us
Propaganda
We introduced it to Europe after all
Time will tell
I think the difference is that Europeans, in our modern time, are synonymous with and prided upon their progressive values
Around %60 of AKP voters have no education none whatsoever.
The old babushkas will know about your love life more than you
You mean god emperor of ~~mankind~~ wolfkind his majesty Recep Tayyip "Karpuz" Erdoğan
We might be rivals, but we will always be there for each other
The goal it to make your opponent use violence not you.
Only for Erdogan-friendly Barzani
It was the only proper multi-party democracy we'd get until 1950
Then
I'm sorry but Ankara and Izmir cannot be compared to Istanbul in any way.
Erdoğan didn't enter politics with AKP, he had a strong pro-sharia political history before that.
ananın amına telefon kablosu sokar paralel hattan bacını skermgardolapta tangasını arayan ananın kafasını dolap kapagına sıkıştırır müjde ar gibi sikerimdağdan inmediği icin yüzme bilmeyen ananı büyük pasificte 1 ton boşalan beyaz balinalarla beraber-- siker olimpiyat yüzme şampiyonasında altın madalya kazandırırımkırmızı eşarp giyip ormanda kırmızı başlıklı kız gibi takılan anana kurt gibi yaklaşır amını param parça ederimmmpikachuuuuuuuuu diye camdan atlayan sipastik ananın amına poke topu fırlatırımananı balbasaurun sarmaşık kırbacıyla dolar pikacuyla kanka olur veririm elektriğiedisonla kanka olur ananı fakir mahallenizde yanmayan sokak direğine bağlar sike sike trafoyu patlatırımhani benim gençliğim nerde diyen orospu cocugu seni
My city has many names, the most recent being Istanbul
saclarını arkaya tarayınca kendini tarık akan sanan babanıda götünden sikeyim
English: Variously shaped dough products such as penne, linguini and so on
Around 3.000.000 civilians (estimations, counting both Armenian and Muslim civilians) were either massacred or relocated outside of the mainland Anatolia.
Edit: let me correct my statement; a serial killer can't blame other people for murdering.
Because he will then hurt bussinesses, and he can't do that when economy is so bad that our minister of economy is actively trying to get himself fired.
Wilder must be dancing in his home.
Is it due to COVID
You have more chance of getting attacked by a stray dog than either of those animals
I don’t know about why Turkey is main negotiator but I can guess as Greek side sees this as invasion and any other country other than Turkey doesn’t recognise this state
of finance/econ being so visibly terrible at their job any other way.
Unfortunetly education rate is very low in kurdish areas and people are suffering under tribal pattern and religious oppression of those tribe leaders
IDK Why people are that mad over a caricature
I'm not talking about language families.
We'd get to have that civil war he wanted so bad after all.
Greece had the option to default but it would have meant being booted from the EuroZone with the subsequent immediate shutdown of the country.
Would you agree allowing that
The mentioned countries have perfectly valid reasons to be there.
Seriously, what's going on at Poland
Although there are 50 states in America, elections seem to be lead by only 9-10 states
Gibberish language speakers assemble
Here is the full alphabet:
No this isnt anything about the consequences of prison.
Truer words never been spoken
Let the downvotes come
Tripoli(Libya) = Trablus
Not to add the CIA and NATO directly supported said military junta
So the real question here is what race *aren't* the Turks.
The name Kardak (which hosted one of the stupidest and funniest crises known to mankind) was used historically by Ottoman sailors too.
> Epic
I already got [triggered]
Life isn't black and white
[they are a problem if you are old or a child]
The one on the plate supposed to be a sandwich?
I'm interested, can you send me that data?
Obama had no a good record on that for comparison
Ukraine
But "İşkembe Çorbası" hit me really hard
I mean it even snows in Syria, so Turkey isn't exactly the desert hellscape people think it is.
What's England got to do with Europe?
I mean some of them are reasonable to a degree but what is wrong with using gendered words?
Trust me, if we seculars aren't doing anything about the current situation it's because we don't want to, you saw what happens when we are triggered, we aren't afraid of Erdogan or his supporters.
Otherwise I have to take out my military uniform again.
They even fired not just leftist ones, but people who showed even a little opposition to AKP too.
WW1 Russia was defeated by angry Russians, not anybody else.
I understand Greece and Armenia but why you too
I am kinda afraid too
I have some remaining family there and the treatment of Greeks is a disgrace.
Even if there is nothing big to report, it’s usually an “american cops murdered a black guy again”. Takes the heat off our own murderous cops if nothing else
Politics isn't that simple
I didn't wish to go down this rabbit hole, but you've roused me
Balkan spring incoming
No one thinks that they would win, but everyone still keeps buying it
also it’s Conquest of Constantinople considering the city got better under Ottoman rule
6 upload
I'm grateful to be a South European
that kind of dogs are in big places like karşıyaka (i live in izmir so i am giving places in izmir as an example)
Anti-secularization policies were started back in 1950s, but thankfully, they weren't able to make much progress since they were acting against Ataturk's reforms and they dragged Turkey into an enormous economic crisis that effected 70% of the population, which led to a coup taking over in 1960
I saw one guy just shooting a defenseless civilian like he's scratching his back, how the hell can be someone so fucked up by whatever he's believing in
Atatürk saw that education was a big problem in those villages, he wanted these “villager institutes” to be built and they taught everything from classic literature to mathematics that a modern citizen needed to know
It was a horrible attack on secular values
How the hell they can just organise so well in the middle of major EU cities
But it's the typical joke we say everyday like "Ohh man, that Erdoğan really pissess me off but i better shut up because prison must be damn cold right now
How, pray tell, do you conclude that Europeans hate Turkey because it is a Muslim country (which it isn't) even if it were the happiest place on earth?
>Turkey are there men who for whatever reason dont get circumcised
I personally face (especially from my family) reactions like tongue-clicking too
If the goal is to reach out to them rallying in Turkey would be useless.
Someone tell them that all Slavs were considered unworthy of life by Hitler.
There are 3 major players ( maybe 4 if you include Israel) Turkey, Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Also one of the places preferred by Uyghurs that manage to escape china is turkey due to cultural and linguistic similarities
How many votes does DENK get
I rarely bring up the fact that I am an atheist because of this; I just nod my head in agreement or say ok when my mum wants me to pray for a certain thing
He's all friendly and "nobel prize" worthy when we look at him, but he's the guy who caused the deaths of thousands of people in the Middle East.
where is Turkey
Turkey = Isis
Love knows no border, neither does Russia
Kurds in Turkey aren't any different in that regard unfortunately.
It starts in age 16, usually, for example, you father offers you for a sip
lmao
This is an extremely simplistic way to look at Sinan's architectural tradition which has been widely accepted as the Eastern counterpart of Renaissance architecture.
In Turkey I can print out my diploma from an app it's amazing lol and the banking system is more convenient
He once said "A ruler who needs religion to uphold his government is a weakling.
Done
I'm sure at least some Spaniards understand.
It's true, but the government's standing is more complex than that
γεια!
look what they did with Golden rice and animal agriculture problems
You still show how ignorant and uneducated you are.
I basically agreed with you and added to the conversation.
Isn't the US motto "in God we trust"?
I hope we can reconcile
It highly depends on what you want and what you can afford.
I wouldn't want to leave Turkey, but it looks like I'll have to due to the economy + being trans
Is it thousands of people traveling to another country and staying there forever then get killed?
They talked all game long, played their shitty songs and such.
I usually have too much eggs
He started doing all these things 15 years before every other country.
Lol
No one gives a shit about what Erdogan says during his campaigns.
We have to be part of one or the other, and choose our internal politics after which bloc we are part of.
Who give this wholesome award
If you are interested in this topic and have like 4 hours to spare watch the videos of Kraut about Turkey
Ünsal Ünlü. He's one of the very few news commentators left who can openly criticise the government today
And by nature stupid posts are supposed to be at the bottom
I picked Yerevan since most cities in Armenia look kinda like that.
Lol and here I expected some logical argument.
Far as I know, Turkey has accepted what deal come from with protection and survivability of Turkish Part
The day is nicer to humans so they celebrate when it starts to win.
The Dutch: sees seas
I want more of this challenge
Edit: These are called “İkilemeler or in English Reiteratives”.
Mahmud is a different name than Mehmed (even though from the same arabic root)
Pretty much none unless you are in big cities
I'm an high schooler
In terms of modern literature, there is  the "Kuva-yı Milliye" epic written by Nazım Hikmet, and the "Gallipoli Epic"
Do you have autonomy in Romania such as education in mother tongue
Je ne sais pas
Depending on the social demography swear words changes
Kiryuu is the best !!
But those were mostly between different fractions of power and never had an autocracy like this or long years of power like this from a politically Islamist politician
Yes, as a turkish person which's half family is living in Germany, I feel the same.
Erdoğan is like a shepherd, he's herding his sheeps.
Thanks god we have European countries uphold our perfect free lives
what 17 euro (150 try) can get you in turkey:5
Yeah, how about you bring back to life the ones you murdered too?
You can't blame the people when the 2.
Sure Turkey is more Asian than european but that is not the point here op said he was fine with Turks answering and Turkey is at the top banner.
more misery is spread
Haha nice job Turkey, keep it up
Cats are everywhere in Turkey but no one sees them as stray
PSA: The polls are fluctuating wildly at the moment and haven't shown to be accurate in the last years especially when it comes to distributing undecideds and turnout.
Not always, mostly depends on cause of the attempt
Relative 2 old couple approached and told each other “look at them, why they’re taking pictures etc
"Partisi" just means "the party of", and is the agglunated version of "Parti", which just means "Party".
The American support of this coup was acknowledged by the CIA Ankara station chief Paul Henze.
Sayende- Under your shadow/with your shadow/thanks to your shadow (this is arguably the most delicate way to thank someone for their effort and help
They are the hypocrites
Eskişehir=Old City
Imagine Trump remaining in power for 16 years.
We tried it and it didn’t work
Kurdish (and some central, Turkish) regions in Turkey are relatively underdeveloped which makes families raise more kids.
Can you speak Turkish
We have a march culture in Turkey since the foundation of Mehteran band in the Ottoman Empire many great songs were composed by Turks or Non Turks my favorites are from the 19th and 20th century of the Empire
I'm pretty sure it would be *Arka Sokaklar*, a police/crime show
It isn't about what they can do.
Sometimes we forget to use, sometimes we overuse them
It's not about Erdoğan at all
In marmaris there is mostly russian and british at summer season.
You can see how hard he thought out how he would make it look like the first pointless part about Aisha was all of his edit.
by your definition, a dictatorship should not be affiliated with europe, BUT there are a plethora of dictatorships in european history.
You’ll just look silly
Although Turkish people are familiar with all of the 10 verses, a particularly popular one is as follows:
Wanna help us topple him
There are many "cities" that don't have anything urban about them.
I'm all for the idea of banning Muslim immigration, after all I'm a liberal person who was unlucky to be born in a conservative Muslim majority country.
It's not the worst way of doing it but it's not worth supporting either.
Uh, it's "lowest" because crime in Georgia is unreported and your cops are corrupt.
Legend says that prisoners sentenced to death would be given a chance to live: they had to throw a stone from the top end into the sea.
Dancing in weddings
Turkey has mandatory conscription, I don't know genders or percentage.
Isn't the capital city supposed to have the standard accent
we fuck donkeys
During WW2 Turkish government saved many jews from nazis
Well actually it was commonly called İstanbul for hundreds of years
Vatan Partisi, founded by the meme of a man named Dogu Perincek who only gets 0
Turkey followed a similar path of military interventions and far-right extremism supplanted by religious fundamentalist notions and historic/cultural revisionism
I ate octopus only once in Chicago, which was the worst octopus meal I had in my entire life
oh why Turkey
Also because of that same reason the cars can of course be bigger and have more un, or improperly sprung weight
Erdogan wanting to make masjid attendance mandatory at universities
There is even a hollywood movie featuring Russel Crowe about it called the Water Diviner
Both the alphabet and language.
It's now way beyond this
(Secular Turkish expat living in US)
My opinion is, it is mainly due to the incompetence of opposition parties.
10 minutes later; these girls right here officer, they are not wearing masks
Turkey is just ok with its small beautiful colony in the middle of E. Mediterranean
This was /u/anarcht 's idea at first and I spread it over /r/turkey and in /r/place
Akşener are ready for his future strategy because Turkish youth are tired of the cultist-extremist-islamists holding the power and abusing the hell of it
I thought I made that clear when I specified that this doesn't absolve anyone from blame or diminish the trauma of the genocide for all Armenians
>how are those men viewed/treated by other Turks & by Turkish society/culture
Sorry but we already have enough planes to annoy our neighbours, as any Greek can probably confirm.
Old Turkic word for "wolf" is "börü".
Yeeeaaah, No
And I have never met someone who doesn't.
We did send support before and after calling for boycott
Numbers vary a bit Turkey say 600.000 some historians say 1 million some historians go as far as 2 million but that's another debate entirely.
Şeref siz misiniz
I thought he wrote in Mein Kampf that the existance of the Polish race is an insult to Germany?
Someone doesn't know how politics work lmao why am I not surprised you are that guy who made silly statements about history.
> So countries like USA and Canada are kinda European as they share religious values (christianity)
The closest I can get is this:
I'm not talking about geography, but geopolitics.
Cypriots Turks consistently elect anti-Erdogan candidates (I think)  so I have some hope, but I wish turkey did some more pushing and prodding to make both sides come to an actual conclusion
It's because of 2 reasons :
There are several French, one Italian and some British schools that I can think of.
Firstly parliament voted for revoking immunities then their connections with PKK was proven so their arrest was not unlawful but it also doesn't help one bit and only makes everything worse since the asshole who sits on presidency seat also deserves the same.
Probably
We have everything from blue eyes-blonde hair to dark brown complexions in Turkey
Is it because of prejudice or culture when it comes to Africans or people from the middle East ? Do you think someone from these countries who is completely integrated with the German culture and has the same mindset ,shares the same values  will be treated same as let's say a Japanese immigrant ?
A thousand people is a spit in the bucket for modern populations
Society as well as economy can't hold on anymore
Erdogan might be shit on a lot of matter but he started a lot of good things going for Turkey too
You must learn the parts that you add to the ending of the words
Maybe you would feel at home in Raqqa.
Our country is going through very tense moments these days.
•Anti Imperialism
Europe is just going back its roots.
Idiots are idiots, they don't pay attention, psychopaths are aiming for you, and I haven't yet experienced that in Istanbul, while it was a near daily occurance in Chicago
Depends on where you are,
Link (its in turkish) [
So weird
this is like a letter by 13 year-old greek keyboard warrior
It is Turkish but its mainly numbers so you can understand
0_o
yep literally the biggest reason i was hoping he would win
We call hijab "türban" by the way
For Islamist: Atatürk (he enden caliphate and declared secularism)
Erdogan is not forming a pro-Russia military.
I'm not saying Russia should annex your land calm down.
The historical peninsula is rich I’ll give it that but it’s packed with people so it hammers the experience
The reason it wasn't turned over for so long was because the special courts they were conducted in didn't permit the trials to move up to appeal.
When you pick you nose — “Are there excavation work going on
Only people serving their sentence cannot vote during their imprisonment.
Southeast is not ethnically Turkish except the state employees who are stationed in there.
Holy shit the brits want to fuck us
How many refugees have you taken in compared to Denmark?
He actually loathed islam according to the book "Atatürk: The Rebirth Of A Nation".
Brain damage and full-fledged love for Americanization is a common occurrence in eastern & central European countries which were subjected to Nazi and communist regimes in the span of a relatively short time
in reality no turkish person claims to be asian or european whatsoever.
So "ağ" is really "aa" and so on
Worst part is, Turkey is THE most secular and moderate Muslim country
At that point, their facade of "following the will of the people" will fall off and their support will dwindle.
It's a smart solution to a bs problem lol
US navy hits Syria, gay marriage is allowed etc
Some parts of turkey are colder than some parts of scandinavia
I would say this has happened to dialects of Turkish within Turkey as well
Program overall until now costed us 200 million we sold 6 of Anka-S to Tunisia for 240 million dollars
And my mother had to go to therapy for many years thanks to terror she witnessed
That being said, Greeks and Turks get along much better face to face than what you might see on the internet or politics
Looks like an ad from GTA universe
Friend took care of your work so you could have time with your girlfriend
Because everyone knows that chickens are superior to humans.
Ferdi Sayışman was a famous calligrapher and did the lettering for many comics around that time
Turkish flag, nazar boncuğu, TDK, Van kedisi
Part given to other religions is negligible
Doesn’t everyone do that
I don't know how many Polish people still live there
>boquerones
It's a 3 week transition for an extra hour of daylight after 6 pm, as in, the change affects you for about 6 weeks of extra sunlight total.
The city is a joke itself though it was literally manufactured not to hurt people’s feeling who are from there
Do we have a non Turkish source with the apology?
Ayran: This one is more popular
Datça is very beautiful
Now they have somebody to point at when the consumers grab their pitchforks
Standards of live can still improve but many European are too focus on themselves and are not able to look around them
I mean we had the caliphate before the Turkish Republic was founded but right after the Republic was founded we adapted a very french way of secularism where doing things like wearing hijabs in certain places were prohibited
Still an amazing job though
loneliness is an issue here
The same thing applies to Trump.
bad roads, bad cops, high gas/road prices etc.
Yeah, investors absolutely love instability and conspiracy theories, they'll flock back to turkey if you keep blaming the Germans.
> United States of America
Soon after the Pentagon's airstrike, ISIS started a major offensive (as if they were aware of the coming air strike by Pentagon!) and nearly captured the area which is under siege for years and still held by the regime.
"Istiklal Marşı" is Turkey's official anthem, and i am very happy with it
Alors je l'ai appris aujourd'hui
I can give anything for that god damn i really dont like summer speacily if you are in city like fucking Istanbul its just worst
And on top of that, in Chicago I spent half my time on paths off of city streets, and it was still miserable overall
The same area is also a great holiday destination, you should go in summer
Turkmen: I can kind of understand this too
Poland is alone :(
Oh piss off this caused a massive controversy in Turkey.
If you look at history of the Republic, every time there's some things are off with the West, Turkish befriends Russia a little bit.
When your voters consists of people who support Erdogan it is not a good idea to publicly condemn his statements.
In Turkey, as far as I can remember, Dora just teaches Turkish
It's very disappointing to see.
But in these days the real problem is the declarations of exclusive economic zones
they defeated jannisaries in civil wars aswell.
"Çekya" is much more better than "Çek Cumhuriyeti", so I prefer Czechia
I don't care what politicians think, we are neighbors
On the positive side, it looks like we exported disproportionately large amount of dickheads to Europe
there are vegetarians and shit tho.
I smell a peace Nobel price in coming.
Fucking disgusting reported for call for supporting massacres and forced deportations of civilians.
On the contrary, it is very common and they're hung for national holidays
Wouldn't that be called extreme/discriminatory nationalism?
Traitors
I am not very knowledgable about İzmir so other folk can explain that question better
What do they teach you about him, and his dynasty?
Like the invasion of Ismir and many more
Turkish and Greek Cypriots should do the unification agreement with approval of Greece and Turkey
I dont know but surely there is
Avusturya-Macaristan
Should have remembered that there are a lot of döner restaurants around the world lol
Indeed, Turks in general whored, drank alcohol, did not give a shit about religion, were Shi'i or Alevi or followed the teachings of Bektash or Rumi and so on‒they were certainly not fanatical enough for his Sunni worldview.
I believe you’re better than this
There will be referendum(like used to) in TRNC about unification which Turkey can’t do anything about it
Divide the land into 5 major powers with artificial borders?
Bosnia and other balkan countries.
One day you are a terrorist the other day you are freedom fighter
Additionally America has this sort of machismo, “authentic” every-man, anti-intellectual, anti-elegant thread that runs through it’s culture; there is a heavy correlation between that attitude in America and where in America the roads run straightest as well
Considering the ethnic makeup of the said regions today, it's exactly what happened, unless Native peoples decided to colonize mars because they were offended that Normans and Saxons just assumed their gender.
There are some different pronunciations from a minority of people, but most of the population will pronounce the same
One drone to rule them all
"Emniyet şeridi" (lit
A few months ago there was a nuclear material trade
Always thought it was funny
2 of these are in top 500 and others are in top 1000 universities in the world
Thanks to our bad education system students at only private schools can speak decent english so there is no risk for Turkish
Germany lost
He made a fool of himself when he lost by a slight margin in Istanbul and forced a re-election
However, the majority of the Muslim population simply identify as Muslim and actually have a non-religious moral code
People tend to call my way of talk "uneducated and lazy" and "not-cute".
The best part of not being in the EU is that sweet succulent conversion rate.
I now seem to be living in Greece but
Does anybody know if anyone else recognized Mehmet II as the Ceasar of Rome back then
They were very helpfull people for us because of we are turkish.
Şanlıurfa=Glorious Urfa
Only a yes as an answer will make them stop.
Turkey surprised me
Fransız kalmak means to be left french
Spare me the bs Islamists on some form have been in charge in Turkey since 51 DP, AKP just put the last nail in the coffin.
Thanks god we have European countries uphold our perfect free lives
Soccer if you are from opposite team you are dead specially if there is a Derby
They beat up an Uygur cook who worked in a Chinese restaurant.
Does anyone know how much this has to do with global warming
I love Kadıkoy and also love Besiktas as well
You also say AKP does not have that narrative
The photo is cool but the mosque was an unnecessary project, built by spending millions of dollars
You would know better than us Turks lol.
If it’s peaceful not much would happen
(I used to be a student in a French school.) If AKP used secular arguments for this, that would be kinda hypocrite.
Also thank you for the suggestion I will check it out
Sometimes it gets specific like that guys balls weight 50 kilos
Anatolia rose and Aegean sank
If you’re going to accept only the roots of nations as their cultural definiton of today, let’s just accept we all are Mesopotamians and live in peace hm
All our neighbours hate us
What makes you think I did you dumbass?
The attraction wouldn't persist if the rest of the world looked like that too
Taking advantage of this seems smart for now but the negotiations are about forming a aingle nation out of two communities.
You don't automatically get democracy once you kill Erdoğan.
Better get the wrestling oil ready ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I think another reason media refers to as Biontech is because it is easy to pronounce
Dacia's target market has not changed with the acquisition by Renault.
My grandmother used to call her children "Armenian" (I guess meant naughty) when they didn't behave.
its like their stupidity has no limits.
This guys comment history is gold.
Looks like Africa lost some weight
You can't remove kebab without guns.
Although if you trace back states on a timeline; Ottoman Empire is founded in 1299, Anatolian Seljuks is in 1077 and Seljuk Empire is in 1037
Not the other stuff the media is always way overplaying
But they have another name
Hoi4 changed me
Istanbul grew from 1 million in the 1950s to 15 million today.
I am and my family is not Muslim but we are also automatically registered as Muslims
Oh I agree on that, I'm just tired of Western media equating ~40 million Kurds to one millitant Kurdish group that has like 30,000 fighters and therefore presenting attack against said group as attack against "the Kurds". There are literally thousands of Kurds in Turkish millitary participating in the fight against them and even a Kurdish rebel group called Hamza Division that fights *alongside* Turkey against PKK & YPG
Yea, they reproduce like bunnies too and your government should do something about it.
Glorious olympic sport of lifting a pint.
El Bab çevresinde IŞİD ile TSK-ÖSO arasındaki çatışmalar sürerken, örgütten vahşet videosu geldi.
From your link *In statutory rape, overt force or threat is usually not present.*
Unfortunately this looks like an error
Even at nights
Same in here, Turkey
Australians’ origins are European yes, so are Americans’ and so are South Africans’. But they came to a point where they built their own identity over their European roots
Or because whenever Turkey IS mentioned in a movie or show, it's either some action scene in Istanbul, or some political state the protagonist has to respond to
I (or we) hope
**1600s:** Kostantiniyye
Not only it would cause an international outroar, it is also not Turkey’s decision to make
I remember watching the movie as a teenager
So I am always open for suggestions :)
Lauria IT
Adana, Its one of the 81 cities
Have you ever driven in the U.S.? Compared to the U.S., Istanbul is paradise, and the traffic death rates reflect that
I am considered to live close to my school but even that takes at least 45 minutes to go to with public transportation
I propose another solution: people can stop being absolute gullible retards and don't believe in everything they read instead
You merely adopted the shame
Strangely enough I can still access 4chan and pretty much everything else from Bilkent (My University), except for Wikipedia which I need a vpn for
Most people are muslim on paper or just believe but doesn't practice
kazakhstan is in central asia...i fail to see how it is related to europe geographically.
Most Turkish historians claim ottomans still would collapse since they didn't reformed theirselves tho
We are more European than UK
It's very sad to lose the history of humanity
Go out in the evening
Daily I think
Correct, I was a college student when that happened
I don’t like football that much but I do fit in a national cliche
We aren't called a bridge for nothing
I had a very positive opinion of Estonia
Small villa looking towards to lake
Of course every reasonable people is pissed off but most of pro-Erdoğan people don't really use these website and the one uses thinks it's necessary for the sake of Turkey.
* the language
Kurdistan
Lately it’s our government, sadly
In fact government didn't accept the results and remade the elections just in İstanbul just to be defeated with a bigger margin
It doesn't matter what they fight for
Okay, we can safely say in our future we will see:
[Here] is a source from the EC with many relevant numbers, and only from 17 days ago so it's up to date.
I like Merck toch hoe sterck as well, but my favorite has to be My Country, 'Tis of Thee
Here you kill 5 people, one of them being a top military leader
Even the dumbest people can understand this and you bring shame upon your own side.
Are we living in the same country
We have a circumflex for when vowels have different pronunciations but nobody ever uses them so it is common to make reading mistakes
ananın amına windows 7 kurar mavi ekran hatası verinceye kadar sikerim
We know that the name comes from Greek like many other cities.
But I wouldn't choose to live there
Pasina IT
Okay, we can have different opinions on that
government institutions threatened to close down the akp.
It's kind of ironic since Turkey is a nation of genetically mixed Turkic speakers
Agree as a Turkish
When DuckDuck becomes the favored whipping boy another one will replace it for a while
I see, yes we have unfortunately those kind of regions as well can not deny it.
USSR and Turkey were allies until USSR demanded land from Turkey before ww2 and then Turkey got closer to Western block.
Fun fact: The female version of monster is monstress
I wouldn’t even think to call us brothers but wouldn’t you agree calling it disgusting is a little disrespectful
(which you didn't mention) Needless to say they need to stop from both sides
It is double edged sword not a leverage.
My friend,keep in mind ,greece had a sizeable turkish minority,that also had to leave their homes
Cats are better predators than dogs are so they are a threat for them
Neither do we
I am 1
This is not Syria
turkish goverment deliberetly lets Kurdish areas to decay.
“There was a traffic
I might also answer "tulip smell" but for that Netherlands is more fitting I guess
oof, thats not good
I can’t wait for that scum bag to be yeeted out of the politics
Also you may heard that, there is a racist stereotype in Turkey "Greeks love swimming" this is about greece losing and getting back to aegean isles in the Turkish Inpendenece War (1920-1922)
The dialects got diluted
Edit: Google says that she was the first woman ruler
What would be better is if Turkey produced its own air defense systems it would be so much better.
1 = bir
[Evil eye] maybe in majority of houses
I have heard Bulgarians say it and it’s almost identical to us
The photo is cool but the mosque was an unnecessary project, built by spending millions of dollars
I thought we had it bad due to low purchase power but looks like it's pretty similar throughout
There were wrongdoings of junta too, they tried to erase kurdish language identity thinking that will erase the terrorism too, but it only strenght it
Do you have a counterpart to Hollywood
Not sure if these are cities:
"Kemalists and Islamists obviously diverge on the question of secularism, but today the former foes nonetheless tend to embrace the AKP-MHP nationalist front as a bulwark against the aspirations of the Kurds."
Thanks, I know :) I always use the necessary security meausres.
For Greece, many people from the west actually love Greece.
Turkey's military power is strong and also Turkey has military bases over 10 countries in these areas and with military power Turkey has influence on these countries
Also, beer was awesome so it's OK.
If I want to avoid bs questions I just say that I am Georgian and nobody bats an eye
But, idk if the unification happens
(don't know if these really count tho)
Time changes everything
Which means "while I was going to Üsküdar (it is a district in İstanbul)"
Ily so much *now give me a passport
I thought you guys wanted to be second, whats all this about winning?
Speak for yourself
They don't know not everything in US applies to everyone else
GC's trying to take advantage of this isn't that compatriotic.
Or I can PM you their Facebook profiles.
What is the hate against alcohol after banning cigarettes
You do realise that the Islamists are the far-right of Muslim countries, right?
Mind if I
It also doesn't include areas down the Maghrebi coastline and inner Arabia.
Even if they're not Nato I guess We'd help them anyway
That’s how Ottomans solved it
Though I'm pretty sure a lot of people wouldn't if not for PKK.
Excuse my language but what the fuck is this retard doing
West of Ankara , however is considered European
So, some (millions) go to EU
> A one night stand penetrated me without a condom when I had said "no" multiple times beforehand
Let's dismantle the social safety net and public services.
[Do] [you] [even] [Ankara] [m8]
Even when you’re the same ethnicity, the culture is different from region to region
Might watch out for territorial dogs
Though homeopathy, conspiracies, metaphysics and the occult are very popular here
Both organizations are highly corrupt deep into their cores
We love our cats
Not only it has no legal status, it's not even a separate symbol, just the same star and crescent from the flag.
I personally like how Italy, Greece and Japan looks
Vienna for seeing what we couldnt take
If YSK says unstamped ballots can pass, then unstamped ballots can pass
Don't you think he is the CHP version of Erdoğan though
We have 2-3 students attending on average
Summary = we were left very weak after ww1 (the ottoman empire was already very weak in it's last 150 years).
Hanukkah has only gained some significance because it falls on dates close to Christmas.
That was the reason why Gezi happened in the first place, the increasing authoritarianism and aggressive tones from the government.
Although not a movie, the Emmy award winning miniseries [Şahsiyet] is totally awesome
It is more something to do when you are first introduced and in formal settings (if you are going to some other company for business for example, you would shake hands)
Greeks you know probably aren't jerking off to the Byzantine empire and the Megali Idea
So, i also have every right to call you insensitive a..hole
I'm here arguing, because I'm genuinely tired of people both in Turkey and outside of Turkey automatically equating the Ottoman Empire with the new republic
Stop lying, Belgium isn't real.
Most of these locations are in the Iranian province West Azerbaijan (not to confound with the Azerbaijani republic in the Caucasus)
do you like kebab
I just don't see why we deny the fact that turks aren't european.
I was also writing about this then i saw your post.
That's the exact percentage of AKP voters so not really surprising.
So,Non-native speakers of English How did you learn to speak English well
Only when I actually travelled to the non-western world that I realised Turkey is obviously so
I know it sounds interesting
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I see this comment here and there many times to arm Kurds but practically they’re being armed for almost 50 years already by many countries
Erdoğan is just a pawn in this mess.
Finally, someone with a common sense
To no surprise, I was right
I once paid something like 0
Unpopular opinion but it's still shitty for parents to make their kids indirectly join a protest that some people are openly hostile towards
imam has passed out
It exploded in Venetian bombardment 1687.
I mean okay let's say everything is cool but why does that kid on the right have a jihadi-beard drawing on his face :D
We have a city called Batman
You can say asian, european, caucassian,middle eastrian, balkanian, medeterrian, egean,black sean.but its important that what we feel like.
Like, there are a lot of things I just hate, but deciding to kill a random guy as a response is like, what the fuck
[This] is the worst in my opinion
That's like saying Trump is a democracy fighter lol
Atatürk introducing the new alphabet to the public
They're fucking vandals
"It's no data"
Her career was over
I would say its actually the best city or the second best, has all the advantages of İstanbul, but also has the advantages of having about 1/3 of istanbuls population
We are fighting for like centuries but socially i always saw them as friends
If I'm not wrong, Navalny is a far nationalist
According to this Turkey has 47
**Süleyman the Magnificent** (1494-1566) who was the 10
It has a very rich food culture as well
The TDK is still regulating the language and trying to come up with new words to replace the loan ones
Turkey doesn't care what you recognize though
As a general rule, it seems that elements widely found in pre-industrial society have Turkish names that obviously do not fit with their symbols:
They look like they are aware of how dangerous that is and just hoping not to catch the virus
According to police chief of istanbul he also got 150.000$ to do the attack
Yeah people break it all the time but everyone knows it's not ideal and try to change the framework even when they are being subjective.
> balkan spring would be boring
US and Iran have been fighting small skirmishes for years anyway and it took too many unnecessary lives
thanks for ur support
There is no point in trying to invade an entire country which also happens to be one of the biggest in Europe in terms of landmass
Hrant Dink's shabby shoes after his murder
-Kanka = dude
I hope one day we could talk and make jokes, too, about who-must-not-be-named
They can’t even deliver that right
grape leaf wrap
Turkey maintains the second largest military force in NATO.
(English) Warsaw
While it's in a serious economic crisis, it's still considerably richer and more well off than many other regions in the world.
Sayende- Under your shadow/with your shadow/thanks to your shadow (this is arguably the most delicate way to thank someone for their effort and help
The people who killed during these bombings are mostly innocent civilians , soldiers , polices who have been going thorugh their life.
A similar thing exists within conscription traditions
Surely we are better than you wannabe Crusaders.
I guess I'm going to start again to make this right.
I recommend anyone who's interested in Turkish-Armenian relations to look up his speeches and writings
Bide burda ulkene irkcilik yapilsa savunsan erdogani savunuyorsun diyorlar mal bunlar
I use it only when absolutely necessary
Hezarfen Ahmet Çelebi (Scientist) designed wings for himself and flew for 3358 meters
Turks hate him for being a British spy that helped Arabs "stab us in the back
Mayor of Belgrade's corruption
I told this before dozens of times.
I agree with these partly
Argh I have a ton but now you ask I can’t think of any
But my brother is 14 years old and learned needed Apple’s, Google’s and school’s ecosystem in 2 weeks with total of 12 hours computer lessons by school
By the way, It is rely on respect to each other
First of all CUP and Young Turks' histories are much more complicated than that.
>Viikate - Pohjoista Viljaa
Nordic, Scandinavian they value their personal space so much it is inevitable to feel like alien.
Not at all
Radicals will come to power in EU countries and these radicals will destroy EU
We mean "black tea" when we are talking about tea in here
Madrid for esspecialy religions
It shows to me that he's nothing more than a 'puppet opposition'
Norilsk not Europe
There is no traffic option
Ahahahah in Turkey it's totally the opposite
For Islamist: Atatürk (he enden caliphate and declared secularism)
Lol, if we aren't European then we aren't Middle Eastern either.
Japan did a lot of fucked up shit but since US never forced them to accept to the same degree as Germany they don't treat their history like them.
Meh
Yes go on rally up even more people who were not even gonna vote.
He uses religion and fucked our economy so young people doesn’t like him but there are people who thinks Islam will be ruined if he is gone so they still vote for him
The ethnic tensions began under British rule lol.
This is not the European Union subreddit as far as I'm concerned
I think,The Republic Era and WW1 are in the context  you mentioned
It would look mystic and gorgeous, tbh and even I (I am not a believer) would be in awe of the beauty of the mosque
It costs 4 times more than the actual White House in the US
CHP did the same back when HDP MPs' immunity was being lifted.
I know you all are strong enough to overcome this tough times
A haircut costs around 2 euros, a shave
I hope I can help you understand Turkey's point
“Selpak” paper tissues
Those ancient Turks were called Çatal höyük.
Yes, we are all in the Eurasia family.
In Hagia Sophia (which is a museum, obviously
"Eğer okuyup adam olmazsan çöpçü veya inşaatçı olursun, ya da sanayide çalışırsın."
then it evolved into many forms.
Turkish economy is around the size of Spain’s already (last I checked, though Spain has half the number of people, so per capita Spain is still higher)
It isn't walkable at night, because there is a 2100-0500 curfew due to COVID
I believe everyone starts as a blank page (looking at you, Locke) and treats the world the way world treats them
Thanks, you're the guy Erdogan supporters point at when the rest of us Turks try to convince them we CAN have good relationship with Europe.
I only understand 50-60 percent of it
How do they decide whether to use "e" or  "é"?
Yes, that was an important factor, one of the researchers even gave an interview in Turkish
I think it will be difficult to flood Switzerland, without also flooding the rest of Europe.
Comfortable
Ottomans in 1858
It could be a desperate attempt by Gulenists to undermine relations with Russians, seems like a conspiracy theory but I think it is plausible.
But Ankara is one of them
you have a clue
Grrrrrrrr
Yeah
We should ask this to the scientists ?
One of the best beers in the world in my opinion
It doesn't have anything
We might be rivals, but we will always be there for each other
Smyrna flair, LMAO
Israel don't get to be cunts just because there are people who are cunts to Jews
They need to learn what the potential outcome will be the next time they decide to vote based on religion.
With an increased size of workforce that becomes really expensive because there are no interest payments
But yea most things are all done in ₺.
I love it because I don't remember we have played against Italy so far and we are going to play other matches in Azerbaijan, so we are a kind of host to the games
Here is what the majority of the Turks think about CHP:
It’s like “u” in difficUlt”.
(Usually follow up with I give some suggestions about places)
As far as I know buildings in Edinburgh was made from light sand stone and then they got darker because of the industrial revolution
Payitaht Abdülhamit (one of last and significant ottoman sultan)
Oh no, might they become a religious dictatorship I wonder?
Shortly answered
Yay we are not the bad guy (this time).
Thank you
You could pronounce "yarın" as in tomorrow and everyone can write it down
Dababy
I am starting to get curious why Turkey and UK having similar colours in many different European data maps
Something exciting happens everyday.
map is probably wrong istanbul and western anatolia has to be at least yellow
\>  Street lights turn on at 5 PM when the sun is still up
Now it hurts me to look at the city knowing how it used to be
Incarceration of cigarette smokers and producers will be even more costly as jails start to fill up
here the same happened with foreign investment, 128bn dollars just disappeared
> I don't understand how so many Turkish citizens seem to give so much support to the current government
Necmiye Alpay, Aslı Erdoğan, Zana Kaya Released [X-Post r/Turkey]
This caused a massive controversy in Turkey but still baffled that it exists and a municipality attempted to distribute this shit.
Touch your belly and neck
Goverment is currently rebuilding those areas but there is still a long way to go.Still an earthquake in Istanbul would be very very bad for all of Turkey.
Of course Turkey has responsibility in this war, I have never denied it.
Asian genes in modern Turks are only about %10.
Actually it is a cold country just not the parts most tourist visits.
"We'll be a superpower in the year of 2023" -Erdogan
I could only wish for a president like him in Turkey
Americans are an Anglo people regardless
They get a cut on every purchase + they get to lend you money
"Ethnic cleansing" towards a terrorist organisation
It would be an amazing place to live without all the bullshit
Most women don't work in Turkey even if they are educated and raising a child is cheap compared to other countries.
Not even a single native language survived.
It wasn't enough though, now they want to demolish [the Haydarpaşa terminal] a neoclassical building built by Ritter and Conu with Italian masons, and the [Narmanlı inn] at İstiklal street, built in 1831 by Russians as the Turkish embassy.
"Bok"means shit in Turkish lol.
Its pretty good
English bcz the original is always better
MAK also released a poll today and the projected result is Y58% - N41%.
Use uber
It’s not a norm
I don't have statistics but I remember watching it when I was in 2nd Grade, and its still running today
As a muslim macron doing well ı dont want known as terrorist because of some idiots
Depends on how you look at TRNC
It's weird having a dumbass control your country
It's just something I personally wish people would think about more, in designing graphics like this and also for trivial stuff like calling the Turkish civ in Civilization games 'Ottoman'. Because Ottoman were not a nationality, it's the name of a royal family that an empire also got named after
Not that much.MHP is right but not that far right like everyone thinks they are(There were new candidates which were more liberal but coup happened and inner party elections in MHP were forgotten).They are mostly secular nationalist but have some racist in them(the leader of the party became Erdoğan's cuck lately).
Leyla Zana is a symbol (she has been to jail for talking Kurdish in the parliament), it is difficult to arrest her now.
We still want to use Czechoslovakia because we have a famous tongue twister that goes like:
Do you guys really think I insulted you?
He wouldn't say "you are wrong" he would just be puzzled
It was an old high school as well
Soccer if you are from opposite team you are dead specially if there is a Derby
In Latin based alphabet would be Portuguese, in the ones that I’ve tried to learn
You can ask every single opposer or AKP supporter in Turkey "Are Gulenists Islamist
They were absolutely incredible
As a turk who will vote no I can say that there are a lot of people who will vote yes because of this.
AKP, or Justice and Development Party is one of the more recent additions to Turkish politics but they've succeeded some other parties, which were largely unsuccessful.
Are the apartments too small
Well, i didnt know that till u say
Most of them are left from Roman/Byzantium era
Mostly gambling and also they have amazing seaside there comparing to east side of blacksea area in Turkey
Their toxic ideology is foreign here.
For example “Sarımtırak” means when you at that colour it bring the though of being yellow but not 100% yellow
Dude this “what if”s are even more pointless than denying Cyprus is in Europe
God I wish the 2002 election was in 2004 instead
You boil some brains in vinegar and salt until it's soft and then drain them and cut them and put some olive oil, lemon and vinegar on top and bam you got yourself some (probably healthy) brain salad
rude beard\] Olive-Safinaz)
I do not know why we use this expression
I never even said I want the Empire back I dont understand what you are doing
Not Every Kurd, by the way
Then they would be underpaid and those people would look for other sources for funding.
CarrefourSA, tesco(kipa), migros, metro
***sort by controversial***
>Falconer - Vid rosornas grav
Center of the island wasn't so big.
Price/Performance
By buying dollars with lira and burning the dollars they helped lira lose even more value in a stupid attempt to protest.
There is NO camels except the camels at zoo
Its basically Florida in turkey
This year they have been mostly cleaned from Turkey.
There should be a NATO station in rotation like every 4-5  years in every NATO country to learn to work with each other
Edit: Google says that she was the first woman ruler
That doesn't mean it can't be though I mean Jesus was a pretty radical pacifist also I would take cruelty of pacifism over cruelty of war
What is garlic sauce
I see them everywhere even in every bakkal.
But the british ambassador tells him that would be inappropriate, since Queen victoria is only donating 2000 pounds
Dogs in cities are fed and usually very friendly but if they live in rural areas with a pack they have to be more wild and territorial if they want to survive
Whats going on with belarus
i still cannot visit the place where bomb exploded
Economy has been going downhill for years
But they’re not exactly European as they don’t share cultural and religious values with European countries
The tolerance also changed throughout the empire's lifetims, so there is that.
People get capital punishment for this in others
Different people like Turks, Greeks, Armenians, French, English and many more people lived in these areas with their mark standing still to date
The average German from an average German town has a hobby, will attend fests and events, go to a play, go to a concert, read a book.
it does nothing
You never get used to it
[Cümhuriyeti biz böyle kazandık. -This is have we won the Republic
Yes, there is
If by partly you mean Thrace then yes I agree
In Turkish there is “kuş dili” which can be translated into English as bird language
Me, being the cheap ass I am, refused subsidising your other properties and subsidised your pubs instead.
In storytelling, just like english, many tenses can be used
I’m afraid this might make things much worse for us than just economically
It's easier to escape and harder to work on correcting what is bothering you
You don't need every single member of a group to be terrorists to designate the source of terror.
It's still hard though, but in the end, only people who reads those magazines are against Erdoğan anyway, so they don't see that as a big problem *for Now*
Maybe you can make the historical buildings at the exact locations
I'd love to see Rome of Florance
Which one do you prefer
Istanbul Boğaziçi University, Istanbul Technical University, Middle East Technical University, Cerrahpaşa University in no particular order
10 yrs* XD
Not a single one
Yay
despacito
Now case’s statue changed to murder
The institution acts as the official authority on the language (without any enforcement power), contributes to linguistic research on Turkish and other Turkic languages, and is charged with publishing the official dictionary of the language
I probably shouldn't complain about snowless winters in Istanbul
American system is able to do more big changes easily than the European one
They still have a long way to go obviously, but what I'm saying is maybe there's a more productive way other than boycotting that gets you some actual results
I wish I can show that but I don't believe that I can draw like you :P
I guess just saying it is common culture for both of our countries is the best option lol
He replied to Temple of Hephaestus link.
That doesn't justify holding a 100 year old grudge to a whole nation but there is a backstory here.
I nominate the car parking place in the Vatican
They already had very few customers before the pandemic and are now deep in debt
I really liked the band as well
The fact that I thought this news was legit for a second is saying something.
Granted, I'm not a Cypriot, but as a Turk this is relevant to my country's foreign policy a lot
Same
Are you collecting signatures, because you need to collect signatures.
I do wish they were joking sometimes but the truth is something is really wrong upstairs
Thats where this big IQ quote came from
Meeting-ours-that pleased be-am
Bold of you assume thah we elect our leader anymore
Edit:thanks for upvotes
Maybe they had a three way election and the pro Europe vote got split?
One of my friends said that she would never tell where she is from just in case
I'm very surprised and try to convince him to not to come
Greek islands are literally couple of miles from here.
One of the most striking ones for me was a little girl, screaming for help under the ruins
You make the “a” a little longer
They aren't going to stay there forever though.Even today they still need NATO and part of the West.
At least we had a little democracy back then
Enough people bought it, and here we are.
Anyway, it's nobodies bussiness but ours so this isn't even discussion.
The slums like Gaziosmanpaşa? Wouldnt want to walk there at night with 30 people protecting me
AKP's logic behind this law is kids bellow the age of 18 apparently can understand the consensuses of marriage and sexual intercourse and could agree to marry to save the person they had sex with.
Different
It was also somewhat popular in Turkey, especially in the internet cafes
Great Britain (WWI and they always joined our Russia problem)
So I doubt political situations to ever affect your experiences in places like these.
Turkish is hard until it is not
Its called "tost" here in Turkey, it has lots of different versions, but the one you can find everywhere is with kaşar(some kind of cheese) and sucuk(some kind of dried meat)
On paper you are right, whereas if you lived under this regime for the past 15 years, you really wouldn't give a fuck anymore.
Russia and Turkey are totally different countries .
The term "Byzantine" is a product of modern historiography
They're purging a lot of those guys, but they're also including some non-gülenists as well.
" If you want to be even more informal a dragged out "e" sound would signify a "go on" that is likely said with impatience or suspicion
If it was DHKPC it is directly linked to Erdoğan.
Standing at attention at 9:05 November 10th is a rebel sign against AKP now.
We can add body shoppers, textile workers to that list as well
But it might just be preference
Turkey got sanctioned in 1973 and sanctions increased after 1974(Operation Attilla-invasion of Cyprus) and it not only damaged Turkish economy but also Goverment at the time(Leftist) lost support in the long run even after the succes of operation.
I had no idea so I checked Wikipedia and the only international thing I could find was military bands
Uhmm where should I start
Your country is run by PiS lol why do you sound like Poland is living in 2100 and Romania is a shithole
This chart is for Western Europe.
They: Oh, I’ve been in Turkey, such a great country
I live in Istanbul, so it makes more sense for me to vacation in Chalkidiki than jn Bodrum
\-edit- .[G.O.R.A.] you can try this one, it is from 2004
While this is going on creating around 1150km long fully controled area by terrorist at Turkey's Border, you can't make Turkey(or any country) to shut about it
The only thing that should be clearly defined is that the government is good and "the enemy" is bad
But bottle caps aren't weightless in the real world.
Technically Jewelry is forbidden for men.
I would love to apply to universities there just to be able to live among people who can stand up for themselves if I knew French
Ofc they are joining the army for money because he can't find job elsewhere
People were angry this time and the opposition won with 1 million votes more than the ruling party's candidate
&#x200B;
Have some aspects from all of them
I don't mind it when it's used jokingly or in historical context like talking about 1683 or something like that.
"Should we feed them (for the rest of their lives) instead of hanging them
Greek side wants to gone before agreement is done
That's a surprise now
"O" means he/she/it, basically third person singular pronoun
4 main parties could pass the treshold to get in to the parliment.
A) Not denying the genocide
Positive: Visiting relatives during religious holidays(the eid and stuff)
I thought it was Kulczycki who came up with the concept.
They settled there during Ottoman times.
And yes, hot damn Turkey / Greece / Bulgaria part is masterful
” Yeah, I admit it
Good job
If Ataturk didn't abolish the caliphate it would have been like catholic church they would have second to none political power or anywhere they would govern to impose an islamic law and ottoman caliphate was very very liberal compared to suadi arabia and fought hard to crush wahabbi movement which is Suadi arabia's islam based at.
Also some marxist-leninist movements too for a few decades
This above picture happens if that feature is disabled
It was perhaps because they came from rural parts where they didn't have as many options as in Istanbul and they went to Europe mostly as manual labourers with no education
İyi giriyosun saçmalıyosun sonra
That's why I fucking hate them.
Hej, tack så mycket
I'll never forget what they did during their 70 years reign in half of the world
And we dont speak arabic
They are seeking green, happy life which we don't have here unless we are rich
Keep jacking off to their little gestures as they continue to exploit half the fucking world
I don’t think Turkey has much to gain from it
I'm still living with my family so I should be grateful for it.Can't blame them because our society see this as norm.It's like mandatory even if you have secular/not religious family.Some people don't let their daughters to marry you if you are not circumcused.You don't lose anything other than just some skin parts.But it would be good if we could decide this by ourselves not because of society.
Depends on the person and the place
5km to work and back
Al Jazari invented suciton pumps in the 12th century
What about [Ummet Ozcan] for Turkey?
It's doner kebab
There are some grammatical similarities and some stress similarities while speaking but apart from that it is not very similar.
He's been ruling Turkey as if it is a nomadic clan, for the past 12 years.
But why not saving some of it for their school expenses when they are old enough to go
Sounds like a conspiracy theory, but I bet my ass it will leak on way or the other one day
Anyway, he was always a proper, well-meaning man, with no (or little) scandals to his name
Since when does Izmir have mountains to sing about
Hürrem Sultan
"Kuyruklu a" which means "a with a tail". Pretty straightforward lol
So for small kids a lot of parents prefer private school buses (they are basically buses that specifically pick you from your house and leave you at school and vice versa
That's not what Muslims believes
Or just give Crimea back to the Turks
Police should be present in protest to protect the protesters and property not anything else not to stop the protest
Gacha games are notoriously played by tees who are very vulnerable to developing addictions
when we fight against 5 countries (Turkish İndepence War) UK control İstanbul
İm not ashamed of Istanbul but the im ashamed of the way we treat it
England
If I understand my Balkan History correctly (I have read 1 book on the subject) Vojvodina Serbs would be chilling in the background too
We are from Turkey, I admit our country is far from anywhere near adequate, but if Romania can become an EU member with such terrible patient care, just let us in people
For more information:
You might be right I don't really know about politics
and the global economic crisis.
We have free elections however we don't have free press which allows the AKP to manipulate the votes quite a bit.
O : means he ,she ,it   ( we say one word to man,woman and animals)
You better believe Russia wiould back Turkey in order to throw EU into disarray.
And it would've worked if head of MHP didn't sell his ass to Erdoğan.
1) Turkey covers more than just Anatolia, Turkey owns a large amount of land in Mesopotamia and the Caucasus, along with Thrace
But he loves playing europe's dumpster I guess.
Bloodcells version was even better.
I'm honestly amazed, because I really did think Istanbul would have more psychopaths than Chicago
It is hard for me to observe the changes in a country where alcohol consumption is lower than average in Europe
I usually have too much eggs
"Cumhuriyeti biz böyle kazandık" (This is how we earned the republic) A photo from the republic's ten year anniversary celebrations taken in rural Western Anatolia
That's why it is surprising why people of Turkey would own this history so much, but they do
Advanced maths is compulsory to the first two.
When you visit Turkey, there is a Visa agreement between Turkey and EU.
they leave food on the street and prevent the animal control (municipalities) do their job
the real fighting forces were sipahi units (ethnic turks like that figure on top of the coat of arms in this post).
I know people who lost relatives to them
Most of the Turkish people don't do anything regarding it
Depends, I don't think Erdogan is gonna challenge either.
How people write the letter "a" with their hand
unfortunately the genre died down in the 80s
Republic of Cyprus: Güney Kıbrıs Rum Yönetimi (Greek Administration of Southern Cyprus)
My problem is people try to talk about personal stuff immediately after meeting
If I criticised Mohammad in a public space, I think I’d get beaten to near death by almost everybody in a 10 meter radius
And thats why the cat was vibing
All of Europe is just a giant forest
Management style
Pc parts prices got insanely high(due to exchange and demand) average pc that will stand me for 5 6 years costs 7-10 k now it is about 3-4 times my dad's monthly income :')
And not everyone lies out of malice
AKP got %50,5  and MHP 7% of the votes from Denmark, definitely not 80%.
Meanwhile in Turkey one of the cities got 49 degree
But lately it's been used to describe someone who is ignorant, uneducated, dumb...AKA AKP supporters (yes this is a generalization but it fits the majority)
Turkey is processing the same mistake right now
Making overused jokes and memes such as "Turkey
Made with combining V and E in a calligraphic way like Æ.
All those countries listed are angels, Putin is evil, Erdogan is sultan wannabe
>is Kıbrıs island of Cyprus
But my brother who stayed in Gröningen for a bit said that he didn't encounter anything bad
Armenian genocide and supporting Palestine instead of Isreal
Woman who asked it already under investigation
I like the navy and diversity mechanics of USA, UK, Italy and Japan
Still no transitria
who is the lunatic
Sounds like you are taking things out of context.
Gotta be efficient even if its the words
But in rural areas like the black sea region(especially the northeastern part), southeastern Turkey etc
Even if it is, does it matter if it's not spread out like the propaganda everywhere nowadays?
Vicky 2
Our geopolitical position is the biggest reason for that
Diriliş Ertuğrul(Osman's father),
Nationalism has never been taboo in Turkey, and it never will be.
The article is in German and the English title and summary don't do a good job of explaining the situation.
Fantastic move
Probably yeniköy coast (Köybaşı Street)
Nice motto
And also I love culture of turks and greek
Could any of these be true
FIFA and the IOC both have their HQ in Switzerland
but i believe nations cant have foods,regions can have food
As well as representing end of Independence War
Just this, nothing more
It is interesting because if Turkey went to war against Germany, the Nazi sympathizers would have broken already weak Turkey apart.
I don't get how %80 of AKP supporters support the change, almost all AKP voters I know are not going to vote at all in this referandum.
Artificially make us less European is what he wants.
Syria: Yes, it is influenced by Iran with tons of Shia militias, and influenced by Russia a lot
refrigerator - buzdolabı - ice cabinet
Edit: I don't count people who don't have anything to do with christianity but call themselves Christian as "christian"
Dont rebel against it just like French or other Latin nations do
English: Long limbless reptile
Look at the tree on the side Turkey is it which means posts from Turkey is allowed.
Translated into;
Wait a minute
It will continue increasing because Erdoğan needs more voters to hand out citizenships
Yes, that's normal I guess
12 killed, 22 wounded in dormitory fire in Turkey’s Adana
Akinci has talked in favor of remaining the military presence of Turkey in the island
These guys are anti-goverment and are just trying to throw shit at AKP to decrease their votes.
>The Ottoman Mecidiye Marşı
Are you kidding me
There is a sentence type in Turkish for explaining something's beauty.
more and more unsavoury, to say the least
In Turkey, as far as I can remember, Dora just teaches Turkish
Uykusuz writers brought us the Armenian Genocide?
Well, I work in education, so I'll see what I can do to make sure all the kids are well educated.
Well, that would imply being atheist makes you non-western.
It is also the year in which Erdogan's party split up with the fundamentalists I mentioned; the group, being in control of the police forces, exposed their corruption and arrested many people from Erdogan's government
>rather than call out terrorists who beheaded a school teacher
It's because for the most part, population projections are extremely unreliable.
If I had to choose I'd go for either Dede Korkut or Kuva-yı Milliye
"Queen Jadwiga"
In rural areas, the list expands to deer, fox, bear, hedgehog, wild boar, hare, snake, mouse, grey wolf, birds of prey etc
My saying is that the EU would be much more efficient if there were only 2 parties
I really don't know why it was like that.
turkish people are only divided in between secular/muslim right now.
And of course there is Cyprus
Visit the old beer factory
After the world war the Armenian community in turkey was nearly fully destroyed
its not like governmet drew this or anything.
And now theres 128 billion dollar problem
People protest-voting for literal nazis or communists or some other extremist fringe movement and being horrified when they get elected
Or sometimes they'll take your money, quickly switch it out with fake equivalent, then hand it back to you claiming that it's counterfeit and they can't accept it while obviously keeping the real thing, or give you a slightly ripped fake banknote and say that you gave them damaged money and they can't take it while they hide the real liras you paid them
Our mighty leader's ego would be wounded
One of the few, not evil Emporer
Eh, I enjoy Kadıköy more too
Hed say nothing because he's dead and the world belongs to the living.
Not every sergeant die but I hear in news once or more each week
Here in İzmir we have a pretty nice clocktower
Asia is too big to speak generally, region-wise Western, Central and northern asia cats are more popular while in southern and eastern Asia dogs are more popular
The Ottoman governance considered Turks to be peasants in their borders and didn't even speak Turkish
Atatürk introducing the new alphabet to the public
The architect Kengo Kuma was inspired by bee hives in this design
\- Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
I'm from Istanbul, and my family is from a city close to it
Mustafa Kemal had no relevance to the Armenian genocide.
2011 was really great year for turkish economy .
i just realized that i live in the future because my sofa is from ikea
Ahahaha was just about to say the same thing
Is it similar to the Polish soup
People are not their government
will the victims have any say in this?
Let's see which random country will Biden bomb
Either it was really minor compare to the others or there wasn't such a thing.
"-Fatih Sultan Mehmet, at somr point probably
Anyways, now we have a government that uses mosques as its political propaganda tool, so it kind of backfired for the moment
&#x200B;
Inci caps, ah good old days lol
No, our economic ties to China are too large to risk
"How do I breathe without choking
They were always neo-liberal and started privatising everything, but they also fixed the crippled economy and improved life standards
The oldest one I can think of right now is probably Osman, it was the name of Osman I, founder of the Ottoman Empire
No one can do anything about it
Hell, it's not walkable *at daytime*. In Yenimahalle
I would say they are as similar as German and Swedish to each other
separation of religion and state.
It's like calling İstiklal Marşı the Turkish anthem, both are fine.
I don't know what I would change it to
The '74 invasion of Cyprus was the result of the Greek dictatorships influence on the island.
While communists (and liberals, conservatives, social democrats, nationalists etc.) can be supremacist racist hateful assholes, they may also be none of that.
They are well taken care of and are our friends
On one hand, yes, on the other, I'd like to see them live with what they vote for instead of their current freedoms.
they betrayed us in ww1 lmao
What is the turnout difference between the first and the second one, does the poll mention it?
I don't know which language is this, but it's too clear to understand
For those who don't know Turkish geography, that means regions where Kurds are the majority or a very large minority
There are similarities, and yet, he is not the CHP's Erdoğan
Haha no in adana (noth of cyprus) its 37 degrees
Feels too fatty for my taste
Left image looks like Saudi tourists in Turkey.
It feels like almost Germany, France, Netherlands, Austria, Greece etc are one pact, British, Spain and all others are another
They are careful about not making comics that'll land them in jail.
Holy linguistic cross-polination Batman!
Big sad
Its national anthem is the "National Anthem". The capital city is Ankara
Or if The Greek court decides not to extradite them Erdoğan would blame Europe for supporting terrorists and gain more vote.
In here you have to pay a hefty amount to dodge it
So the dumb part of turkish society can start facing the consequences of their actions.
This is highly inaccurate I can't believe how this map is allowed to be even posted in this day
In Turkey, we learn English from first grade and we have spelling bee competition in usually 5th grade in some schools
Omg Lukashenko is literally Voldemort
Kırıkkale=Brokencastle
don’t go eastern cities where the kurds are majority and in west turkey just avoid where the kurds, gypsies and romans live, just a couple of neighbourhoods
Yes, according to some people in Europe 1453 was not a glorious year
English, Turkish or even Greek language sources will do
Other usually used for french fries or nuggets
They mostly don't understand laicite though, mostly anglo saxon secularism i.e.
When you do something uncivilised — “Did you came from mountain
We're able to defend ourself
Our drones are not worse than American drones right now they are making us loose money tomorrow when Erdogan is gonna Ukraine can buy couple of them
everyone except Islamists love Atatürk
Turkey is very diverse in that regard
They gave me an 11 days visa for a 11 day trip, if my flight's cancelled I'm basically illegal.
"ananın amına teletabinin antenlerini sokar göbeğindeki televizyondan ulusal porno yayını yaparımananı özgürlük heykelinin yanmayan meşalesinde siker şehri duman ederimhollywood bulvarında donla gezen ananın amına topuklu ayakkabı sokayımananı ikiz kulelerinin yedinci katına cıkartır amına uçakla girerim
The cultural differences are too awkward sometimes
Yes amk turning on my vpn just to see some nipple reports smh
It took the place for Hungary for now
Aside from the replies you already got, the 1980 coup, which the US supported has got a lot to do with the current day politics of Turkey.
Not original
„Guys, I have found an awesome strategy, you should definately try it, it works 100%. It is legit”
Same reason racism is kinda sorta hating yourself in this region and abouts
I never said anything like that
Political polarization seems like an awesome thing if you define it like that.
Of course not all of them, most of them.
Great job, I love it
A big left-wing Turkish newspaper tried to print their Muhammed cartoons in solidarity with French but they were raided by police
There is NO camels except the camels at zoo
Honestly Apple probably would have switched on their own at some point
Turkey would be in shambles
I'm obviously asking what about him and his work you dislike.
the Netherlands: I love your architecture
Its fake news guys
Turkish war of independence, resulting to the formation of the secular republic and start of the reformation era led by one of the most influental person of the 20th century, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
That just pushes the problem down.
There's two that come to my mind right off the bat
Their working class uber-conservative parents immigrated to The Netherlands and Germany during the sixties.
I’m not against licensed production in areas where we will loose too much money and yes Turkey does plan on becoming major power one way or another
Turkey doesn’t recognise or signed EEZ so what Turkey do looks acceptable for them
Solution to economy was money laundering, not related to any of this events
Indeed, people have learned that Europe is surrounded by scum on all sides.
But it is the truth to some degree, as both are considered legit names
Hope it can save us :(
Though a lone wolf would have a hard time planning this, not to mention getting an assault rifle + lots of grenades.
Even if you are working and staying with your family, they will never ask anything like this until they need your help
FYI: We don’t like Erdoğan because he fucked our economy, not because we want to give lands to anyone
Turkey(or rather, the Ottoman Empire) hosted a large number of Polish refugees escaping Tsarist and Prussian repression
I agree with these partly
Otherwise, as in the case with Wola, it looks very depressing and sad
Song in this link is in the list for Spain for now
i've been in mersin and it was so fucking hot i couldn't leave my aunt's house during my entire trip.
So instead he sends 1000 pounds and 3-5 ships of food
Those 18 islets aren't a part of Greece according to the international law.
The truth is America kind of sucks
dafuq they doin ova der
Just bought and finished the tutorial of ck3 after hours of Stellaris, lol
The only Bosniak in CHP that I'm aware of was Birgül Ayman Güler and she quit the party few years ago
Cities:Sylines
So are earthquakes, death and stepping on a puddle of water with socks on
according to [reseachgate
250.000 Bulgarian-Turks had to flee the country during forced assimilation in the 90s:
According to the same rumor it started as a joke but then became real
A is /a/ as in father
The result is mostly unfunctional, and boring looking
He would be unemployed because the government is keeping his bs newspaper alive by both direct support and by jailing any competition they might have.
Well, thats a shame
Mainly English, but also French / Turkish if the situation calls for it
Free water tho
Habsburgs only held Bosnia and Vojvodina for a short time, Ottomans occupied the whole Yugoslavia for far longer and more violently.
Tbf Turkish has a lot of these
Cigarettes and (maybe) alcohol
I studied in a unknown small city in Italy
Era of erdo is ending soon but I don't find westerners sincere on willing turks good
What's idiotic about a striking protest to make your point very clearly
It's also throwing punches in the Mid East borders, not Balkans.
And can someone please explain why toilet paper of all things is the first thing that runs out in a panic situation
All polls suggest huge win for Erdogan and people keep saying opposition has no chance to win
You're trying to hate on other minorities to feel more accepted and more "Swedish".
Although I'm not sure why you say the moon can not look like this (it certainly can if taken at the right time with the right lens and angle, all you need is a will, a partial eclipse and a clear sight of the horizon), you are correct to assume that it's a photoshop.
Actually It is pretty controversial
At least where I live half the street lights are broken and some streets are basically pitch black so it evens out a little at least
Nationalist, sure, but the Swiss aren't a race.
Not really, they don't speak Albanian because their most recent Albanian ancestors lived 100+ years ago.
Ankara grew by 100 times, from 50,000 to 5 million today
Of course the latter point is/was a praise of AKP within neoliberal and liberal circles both within Turkey and foreigners but never given them the lion share of credit
yeee Im fat too
Nazi
Its a very mixed bag
Erdoğan ( still president) won 3 elections
Yeah, they have the narrative of economic growth but that narrative took place *after* 2004 imo and hence that coalition would not have the narrative of them fixing 2001 like AKP does not have it
Migrants are a band aid solution that will infect the wounds.
And Laz accent sounds funny to us İstanbullers
Turkey applied to be in EU member almost 50 years ago
3€ )and  5₺(0
İstanbul was the last capital of Ottoman Empire
**Usa would like to talk to you**
"(with a perfect Istanbul accent)
And those songs does not celebrate superiority of a Turkish person over others they are just songs but I of course respect your wiews
Pretend to like food even if you don't.
Hurriyet is independent, it's not exactly opposition but it's not a mouth piece like Sabah is.
Normally these maps just annoy me, but that Turkey-Greece border is devilishly elegant
So ismet inonu did his best at keeping the borders as they were before ww2, doing his best included staying neutral to nazis, aiding them with resources at times and then joining the war agains them in the end.
Change poland with turkey and its literally same here
I understand, I was talking about the "recent news from Syria" remark - Turkey conducting millitary operations there is hardly an argument when literally everyone and their grandma bombed Syria at this point
The actions taken to purify the language by replacing the loanwords are now known as the Turkish Language Revolution
Or you Europeans just like having animosity towards Turks
Excellent work but I must tell you that Anatolia is way more green than this
And I thought Ukraine hates Russians instead of considering themselves as Russians
I didn't say they are islamist
Nah, not much of a problem
sorry for having a dumbass as a president
Aa Türk müydün hiç dikkat etmemiştim hahaha :))
Turkey is already building their small arms.This will just increase the support to local producers.
Revolting him can't be count eheheheeh
Asia is too big to speak generally, region-wise Western, Central and northern asia cats are more popular while in southern and eastern Asia dogs are more popular
Jews are far less in number across all forementioned lands as well
I Like Orange color tint
I think manufacturer had a relative in local goverment :)
or whatever inflated narrative they like to believe
Sounds crazy but some people do this professionally and the government is not doing anything about this
I think peoples that searching Turkey means bird one
Bilecik does not exist
I've never been there but I want to spen my remaining life there
middle east is just fucking black
452 mn for one of them as of now, apparently
The coup leaders created the "Turkish-Islamic Synthesis" that considered Islam an essential part of Turkish culture
This is catastrophic
My inspiration for "Turkia" came from Romance languages really
>I don't see how what I said was hypocritical
Just look at these dicks
**"Ankara'nın Bağları"** was my highscool bell-tone:'( **"Erik Dalı Gevrektir"** played in every hour in the bus when I was in a touristic trip
But i havent heard a lot of bad things about qatar, certainly not as much as other countries in the region
not that different apparently :D
+: (speaks with a perfect Istanbul accent)
22% of the vote
Turkey has quite a few languages despite the latest homogenisation of the culture
So the map is totally seeming weird tbh
Because thats not my point
And our neighbour in 6th floor helped to pass chemistry test by giving me free private lesson in 4 in the morning
It's only good to use as an oven mitt or a coaster
It is
Shocking is a bit too much, but I've personally had the chance to see German, Dutch and French people being surprised in different times over the large number of pubs in the city where I live
Oh it might be different among those who reside in Germany, to me it seems the diaspora Turks are overly conservative and nationalistic, much more so than the people living in Turkey, which is more or less expected I guess
Baltic German
Does Hungary have large immigrant communities?
It is connects to other underground tunnels leading to Golden Horn
Imagine a journalist tweeting something like this after a terrorist attack in Western Europe, it really is mind boggling.
Devlet Bahçeli (there's two but I remember only one): 2009
Altın Gün - Süpürgesi Yoncadan
The Elon Musk of the 13th century.
It is like one day Erdogan came across on the street with Kacinski and Orban and told them;
It probably extends to Caucasus, Iran and maybe Levant too, considering my central Anatolian mother also does it
And you only have 1 lesson for every class
He literally gave reasonable examples about cultural prejudice.
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
Man, we must've really F'd up the Balkans.
This is why most businessmen stopped being in favour of Erdogan, although Erdogan threatens them frequently to get what he wants
Good guys vs
Some of the new generation dream of going back to those times also because the future looks really bleak
There was Auchan where I could buy them for cheaper and just as amazing with different sorts of filling
Iran/Persia (we had same ambitions for middle east)
I haven't checked *all* other languages but Turkish (and Azerbaijani I guess) differenciates between witnessed and heard information by adding suffixes
I like the debate, but I would like it more if your tone was friendly.
an accident, terror attack or something to do with gilets jaunes
The UK blows my mind because it feels like we have so many trees
> They would say anything that is in their interest
People have no idea what Turkey is like
France let these people in then let them get radicalized then under free speech triggered them
Trump also have lots of investments in turkey
Nicosia = Lefkoşa
That's what how things should be everywhere
And FYI, the second guy is the accomplice.
Yes, we have Türk Dil Kurumu (Turkish Language Association)
It's the imperative form of "to die", but as opposed to the regular verb that means to die (öl), this one connotes extreme rudeness.
>The reward is more about not being dragged into someone elses wars
Iconic design of the classic UK plates are also amazing, but their plastic material looks quite unsatisfying
I have the ultimate source
What is your favorite place in Rome
This is incredibly sad holy fuck
We already have, find another land piece
Trying to get people out of their homelands where they lived for hundreds/thousands of years and ship them back to the 'correct' nation state that was just formed is just like trying to remove ink from water after the fact
In Turkish, "O" means he/she/it, same goes for Hungarian too I suppose
I believe we should put most of these stray dogs in to shelters but the problem with that is shelters are very low quality
Reporter tries force to make them say “I am happy”.
I think shoes are pretty disgusting to wear in houses, we have slippers for indoors instead
2, adding that “a strong nation cannot be built based on that logic.”
Ben - me, mole
You can name whatever you want
Biden got 4 million more votes, but in some states if around 20 thousand people voted differently, Trump would be president again thanks to electoral college
Of course i am not talking about every single person in Turkey but they are a  large majority, simply the same people who voted for Erdoğan for years
This also happens on our other nationel holidays
Do cars(especially diesels) struggle to start up
It's a figure of speech
> a full-blown, modern constitution
Turkey actually wanted united Cyprus during the 2000s when EU talks resembled something real.
It doesn’t have something to do with the population but rather the geographical conditions of the country
They are known for their blindness in Turkey(both political ant optical) They have beaten Koreans instead of the Chinese during a political conflict.
Not one day going to bed without anything bad happening in the country.
It's about an aggressive oppressive ideology being treated like 'just a different opinion' in the West.
One of my favourites is Spaceship enterprise vs Atılgan(doesn't have a direct translation, has meaning between adventuresome and aggressive)
Voters need to take some responsibility for their actions instead of blaming everything on some nebulous "system". There will always be bad people, we can only limit them to some extent
What are some good rock/metal songs from your country for my playlist ?
Could be be because of the value of its currency?
İç - drink, inside
We literrally have the same food but we call it Kokoreç. Its delicious
It's fine, I just wasn't sure if it was a Harry Potter reference or some other joke that I didn't get
Like we don't talk about Carthage that much but we usually learn about them in some extent
GÖTTEN VERENLER UP ATSIN
Herding sheep, farming, making bread, cheese, wine
Third world politics are all about making people you hate more miserable than making your country better.
How much longer are you gonna deny the truth
I had long hair for 10+ years
There were no secularists left in the army.
This is more of a cultural or identity thing
However, talking with older generation, you can use dialect(accent)
Thanks
Dutch towns look so pretty
This alone kills me and gets in the way of socializing for me the way I did back in Moscow, if even having lesser vocabulary than locals is frustrating I can't even imagine moving to another country where I don't speak language at all
AKP didn't play clean and fair at all
Grammatical gender doesn't exist in Turkish language
Whole point of creating secular nationalist identity was to keep people together as much as possible with a single unifying idea.
So many false friends
Jewish Mother
It's why the ratio of Turks and other language speaking Muslims in the Balkans and Caucasus is far less than it was in Ottoman times, it's why the ratio of Christians and Jews in Turkey is far less than it was in Ottoman times
Greeks are Greeks and Turks are Turks
So, guess we have to find a medium ground
In rural Anatolia, throwing and breaking eggs on the head/body of the groom at the wedding night is a tradition
At highest it can be %10 percent
Ooh I can't give names but let's just say it's not a nation in Europe, America, or Australia
I have no idea why my textbook had an enite chapter about it
Because most common food for an average Turk is, guess what
This video is full of Bullshit
Erdoğan said, while lashing out at Saturday's rally in Bern, in which PKK sympathizers displayed a banner that read "Kill Erdoğan" with a gun pointed to the Turkish president's head.
About Dora, she teaches English here too
If you want me to give you a percentage
Apparently some people even put yogurt in döner
Wtf is going on in Europe
Not a child's story but commonly assigned for kids to read: Kaşağı.
Replace Erdoboi with Merkel
That's the point
The idea that you are fucked if you get sick in US as a non-citizen with no insurance is not something a lot of people from Europe realize
Love Ellada from Türkiye
I really don’t know
Even if you’re America, you can’t beat a country mobilizing army in its backyard unless you openly war with them
*Damn, you're ugly*
teabags) lack caffeine and taste, for that matter.
In turkish its röntgen too, weird
At some of 79 other cities, for example you can be disgraced by people for having a girlfriend, but at western side it is more common
”. They just lost their home
Because we are Muslim and Asian people think we are freaking something else
It did not
But not Turkey lol
Maybe you should have two Euros.
Hey Catalan banks, its me Frankfurt
My immediate surroundings are very safe
If it's three more: Italian, Arabic, Indian
There are many covers of this song in the Balkans and Middle East
The 1970s saw much bloodshed, massacres and riots in Turkey as well as an economic crisis and literally no government
Kurdish is in the same language family as Persian so this is why it is hard for anyone who their mother tongue is not Turkish to pronounce Turkish words
It is and almost everyone buys it
What's the economic rationale behind giving and receiving the same amount of money?
There's a [wiki article] on its nonexistence.
There is nothing regarding atheism and secularism being regarded as sickness in this link.
The guy in the Acropolis museum told me it was mostly a replica.
A state in active conflict isn't the best partner in a union.
It can be asked for all of Western world and not just Europe.
They say in a sarcastic tone “Not everyone has to study
Cliffs of Dover
1990
It was a very dark time
"So you guys are Arabs right
So that's quite normal for police officers to prevent them from making a provocative speech which will explicitly or implicitly praise terrorist groups
Oh the horrors Turks didn't accept a treaty that's even worse that what Germany get?
Turkish one is wrongly translated , how i become a big man means how do i become a succesful man
I think it's pretty good
Most of the coat of arms have a mosque on them
Regional differences also exist among some words, which are typically influenced by the neighbour languages or archaic words
"Autobahn" or as it is in Turkish "Otoban"
gross
Like in 9th was about puberty mostly
Despite that, around 80% of the population does end up voting (that was the number at a fairly recent election)
but memes just like stereotypes are based on truths
We call it "laiklik" in Turkish, from "laïcité"
For example after Paris attack Diyanet sent all Turkish mosques a speech to be read during friday prayer.
(Especially for Sweden, which is highly inaccurate of course)
Kurds can have their state but it must be outside of Turkey
He yearns for a new enemy and a new source of agitation
While it was in very common use for centuries, the name was officially changed to Istanbul, in late 20s I think
How in hell did she hold herself back from the terlik, I get how she's a guest but I mean the terlik is pretty much a reflex
Can you seriously not see what Erdogan is doing?
It happened here too
Germany: Almanya
He/She/It is just "O".
My best friends are studying in Munich and I visit them often so I can say with some confidence I know what a conservative right wing German looks/thinks/speaks like
Only this party, it's a party policy not a Kurdish tradition, I should have clarified this.
inna, otilla, dacia
This is what come to my mind when I think of Greece
Like whenever I read a post about Turkey, there’s always one guy that mentions it
Turkey will be officially stop being a democracy.
I never knew so many Cubans were all moving to Spain, why is that?
There is no reason, no reference or anything
It is the Presidential Palace of Turkey
And the solution he presents is not avaible in a lot of countries
I've never used "lift". I prefer "elevator".
Like the invasion of Ismir and many more
Any photo of [Mustafa Kemal Atatürk] obivously
Another one simply states that the word is a form of Gök Oğuz (Blue/Celestial Oghuz)
Alors je l'ai appris aujourd'hui
Even people who oppose to Erdogan are racist towards immigrants, and many are happy to see them go
Yes
Though I'm not from Adana, I heard from my friends some neighborhoods in there have such places that police can't go in))
Balkan moment
If I were to write something like "Yay, look at all those jews burning, let's build more bombs"; that would not be."
İzmir: civilised, educated, warm
After ASALA assasinations, and outlawing the denial of Armenian genocide in many countries many people kept on hating.
I won't share the video but here is a short description from another user
Well i'll put the canons back to the garage than
Yes, I have been in Incirlik air base once owing to my dad's business
Not that we're that democratic currently but it was in reversible state.
Tolve FI
Both countries improve relations.
In school they emphasize a looot more on WW1 and Turkish war of independence btw
Also I have lived my entire life in Thrace so, more asian than European
But it depends of course
Yeah I looked it up and you might have a point, the official name of İmroz was changed to Gökçeada at 1970.
Criticism is abstract in nature, any criticism of the government can be twisted and bent into "insulting the president".
Most of it isn't, as you might be aware.
My Country
AKP is still polling at %40+ at least so people don't seem to give a shit.
I can't visit my girlfriend who lives abroad just because of this mess.
[Hey Onbeşli] Story behind is that when 15 years old kids went to front line in Çanakkale(Gallipoli) as a soldier
He means we are not originally from middle east
I've heard the same said about cats in Istanbul.
Howdy
If people are stupid enough, criminalizing lying would solve nothing
I broke my arm in the 1999 one for example
founder),
There was a video of an AKP supporter who said "If I see Erdoğan and my mother on the same bed, the blame would be on my mother" so it's not like we are that far off from that anyway
Good answer, much better than others have been that has played into Erdogan's hands by allowing him to play the victim.
do you like kebab
You must be pretty stupid to put religion first before your interests
Only nationalists at both sides see the other side as the devil responsible for everything bad and their side as the shining beacon.
Liberal olmak demek milliyetçi olunmayacağı anlamına gelmez.
Man as a non-smoker in Turkey I sometimes feel like an alien.
That's it I am out of social media and reddit for the next 3 days.
Looks like gastarbeiting in Britain hasn't helped your English comprehension skills.
Mossadegh nationalized the Oil industry that was until then under control of the British, Britain no longer in a position to topple governments turned to the Americans.
Kırklareli=Place of Fourties
He doesn't look like a weak person in the media .
It is the Presidential Palace of Turkey
Edit: Butthurt downvote squaaaaad
Far right wingers still get lots of votes in Austria.
Armenians were once a loyal part of the empire, but the Kurdish atrocities were overlooked during Abdul Hamid II's reign because the fanatical, borderline psychopath sultan had dreams of re-establishing his Sunni caliphate (which had been in decline for the past century) and believed Kurds were the right people to do it with.
Enough corrupt that you can get more jail time just to criticise government officials than actually killing people
he speaks calmly and accurately,daily french you would use is spoken in a different manner
Only used for measuring wood
1) Armenian community isn't innocent, their militias were involved in civilian massacres.
Yes, I can since I was 2 years old and 2 Wheel since I was 4 years old but I haven’t ridden for 5 years
Actually I'm not a pro eurasian
ananın amına windows 7 kurar mavi ekran hatası verinceye kadar sikerim
Yeah they were our favorite occupation force.
to the east: the Caucasus
Are you the ones we could make Czechoslovak or are you the ones we couldn't make Czechoslovak
Tripoli(Libya) = Trablus
Not to mention there are few people that voted HDP or MHP who are quite liberal as well.
If you avoid bad neighborhoods you should be fine
This is how I think every law should pass.
” to ask me how long will it take me to get out
But they are still elected by the public.
At the very least, the inhabitants of Istanbul are European.
Some see Turkey as heaven, others as shit show
Child: Veysel Mehmet Kayaoglu
I want an article that criticizes Erdogan's authoritarian and islamist policies that are at least 5 years old.
You are the son of the fallen, don't hurt your ancestor
Can I say studying
You have a party that can be identified as "the guys that think Erdogan is cool"?
I am curious if there are any Balkan made movies (or movies takes place in the Balkans) similar to "aferim", which takes before the WW1 times.
We were neutral throughout the war (if we exclude last moments of war when we declared war on Germany), thus it didn't affect us who killed who
Führer explains why Kurds should be [killed]
And christianity was the source of that terror, like islam is now.
402 are newborn ICU units and 1
But I always liked Eti products more and now Torku is even better
By the way, do you want me to take you TRNC
Since Islamist AKP scum rules Turkey, everyone holding a political office has the Islamist stache
And some of his videos have English subtitles so everyone can check him out
She was running in a park near our house and then entered the house with her running shoes on
Feels really uplifting
There are not much Turks where my mother comes from so why would I? When I am abroad I am a *Turk* though
But overall, I'd say Europe is a dog continent, and Asia is a cat continent
Why would eu accept azerbaycan and armenia?
Average low of -14.9 for Erzurum in January with record cold of -40.
The oldest church in the world is located in Turkey, rumoured to have been founded by Saint Peter
The problem is you’re assuming the continent when people are mentioning Europe
Very interesting
Also gays and trans are seen a bit differently.
Yes, and America shouldn't have lynched negroes!
), which frightens the investors
You can fit so much hardwood mahogany furniture in this bad boy
This shitpost culture is soo old that roots to before ww1
* [Historic Areas of Istanbul] (1985)
My town is a little student town next to the university of 27000 damned souls
Thank you for great wallpapers
Most of the officials went to religious schools and rose to power via connections
As an Erdoğan hater I say that
What is the purpose of the vertical text on the left
Smokers are already declining worldwide any intervention will have a negative effect.
They use the most used definitions for some words without knowing its not the same thing as he meant
When Mehmet II conquered Constantinople, he entitled himself as "Kaiser-i Rûm (Cesar of Rome)". Also he setted up an Italian campaign to conquer Rome but he lived only enough to see the capture of Otranto Castle
Can EU citizens work in Switzerland?
As a Turk I love this
"Significantly weaker", no
The point of the celebration is the day starts winning against night, as days get gradually longer and nights shorter after 21st.
( plus islamist people )
To confirm or deny his involvement isn't his job.
And years later after all these events, some European countries are supporting Russia in Libya without any shame
Wouldn't people ask "what about them?" ?
Tolkien based the Black Speech on Mongolian and Turkish from what I know.
- İsmet İnönü
He also told them to attack people in markets,clubs, and any unexpected location.
Either way its hard to get everyone to agree with each other, but that's democracy
You had Orthodoxy in common with the Russian Empire prior to the Soviets existing.
Well, to answer your question i first need to clarify a few things about kebab
We're the sameee
For example opposition leaders are oftenly say that Erdoğan occupies the Presidential seat
Byzantium
Seems the exact opposite to me.
i thought so, since most of German workes are from those cities.
The way we pronounce things are exactly how we spell them
Georgia and Azerbaijan  has at least land in Europe
Lucky man
Germany shall pay for this
yeee Im fat too
Mehmed the Conquerer
Hurray for Norway
google search: seyma subasi
It wasnt all that wrong though...
Invasion itself wasn't aggression but a right given by the 1960 treaty as a guarantor state.
Same thing goes for Turkish Cypriots as well
Doing amazingly there not closing down one of the biggest cities in the world
It was a great experience
787 workers were trapped underground after the explosion, 301 of them died
I am confused if problem is the immigrants spy on immigrants not your own citizens...
> Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some [incredible lists] over at [r/IndigenousMetal] that might help you
While I don't know the exact answer of those questions, the resulting numbers are nowhere near uneducated immigrants Sweden receives.
Many Americans are coming to Turkey for health tourism
It is the issue
That's 8
such is life
They always block social media for a day when fascism happens, then they unblock.
You will ask "why are they thinking like that
At this point its essentially a tribe with no laws.
We don’t celebrate Christmas but what whole Europe does for Christmas, we make it for New year
You should try Rişk.
You asked something very stupid to begin with.
Its history is much older than that
As for ballot countings, I plan to stand in my poll station and stare at the officials counting the votes
Etc
I want them back in Turkey, since im living in europe now.
still, as net salary you are higher than a lot of EU countries
Only 19 percent view institutions and organizations as completely uncorrupt, while 20 percent abstained from expressing an opinion on the subject." Only 19% think they are clean.
Gulenists and ISIS are Islamists who are against Erdogan.
Whenever i see a new Kurdistan map it gets bigger and bigger.
He was open to cooperation with the West, but didn't shy away from disagreement either.
With the humans in first place with a very large margin, third place is shared by ticks, boars, bears and wolves, all of which are challenged by [the kangal dog] as the fiercest non-human animal in Turkey
We do have raw resources, the industry is discontinuous though.
In long term Erdogan will be the bestest Fuhrer so it won't be a problem.
Seriously, the only Turkish invasion you should fear is probably the one that comes with sunscreen and hawaiian shirts
Turkey
) Since it's Turkish in Arabic alphabet one in five people can understand it I guess
hain antuan diye haykıran kız kardeşini atımın üstünde yan giderken siker öldürürüm.ananı afrikada am kıtlığı yaşayan 3 bacaklı familyasının arasına atar paramparça olana kadar sikerim
r/wediditreddit
She said she was like "wtf" when she heard that
Binali Yıldırım Bey'e soruyorum, 18 adayı geri alacak mısın, almayacak mısın?
> How to irritate **Europeans** with one sentence
how do i activate my genitals
Why did you need to write that in a thread where people are joking around?
it's become arabic after some 7-8 million syrian refugees + their children
Thank you
The religion class book always had lines claiming people without belief in god are prone to being danger to society but secularism was never mentioned in them.
This is a terrible map with little to no accuracy either in the 1915 or modern part of it
I have mostly worked with honest people like they would say if they couldn’t wake up or lost track of time, etc
A bit like religious people voting for Trump in the USA
But it had to be so because like I said, the the app simply can’t handle so much traffic
Thats why theres an alternative r/turkeyjerky lol we just laugh at memes, dude
Buses only stop at bus stops.Now buses will stop whenever a women wants it to(Which is a great choice).
I would walk alone without a care in the world
Yeah it annoys the crap outta me too but you know if someone doesn't make a comment like that, the thread just feels missing lol
Yes
I think our very existance is enough mental punishment for those cunts.
Turks usually don’t commit terror attacks in Europe
on the platform
True story
> Switzerland than Pennsylvania
Keep fighting the good fight
Only moment we weren't free was 1920-1922 during Turkish Inpendenence War
) and shared on instagram as it is finished with date and time
And I have read some radical and outright crazy views in USA but that doesn't mean USA would be okay with Canon law is it?
Truly a paradise for cat people
People in Turkey were pointing this out however it was cool to label people Islamophobes back then so people didnt take us seriously.
Also we have “Fransız kalmak” which means “to not understand the context”. Fransız means French and the whole phrase could be translated as “being French”. I don’t know why French though
I think one of the main things uniting Turks is the Europeans reaction especially, Americans too but the Turkish-US relations went to shit years ago
It's just Ay (Moon), and Güneş (Sun)
The Republic of Turkey was founded in 1923 with the declaration of the Republic
Ironically, these people are graduated from law school and gonna bring justice to this country
FTFY
That's interesting
One might say the sky is purple and the other says the sky is green and they both would be right in their own worlds
Probably just me not paying attention to the news and stuff
Turkish and Azerbaijan Turkish are very very similar
Yes some people may require acceptance from the Europe but against Arabic/Islamic culture people are fine living in western oriented lifestyles.
This feels too alien for me
What is there to like in this
Far as I know Turkey is centralised
you broke international laws, israel had every right to do it'.
Taxis especially for tourists
At a minimal level, so it's not a tradition
here the same happened with foreign investment, 128bn dollars just disappeared
and not insist on greek/alexander heritage despite being 100% slav and speak almost the same language as bulgarians.
Person who asked the question asked for English name
The last guy who declared himself the sultan wasn't allowed to even travel to Turkey.
Dolu - full, hail
You should not have try to exterminate your Turkish neighbors
Teşekkür ederiz: plural
We mean "black tea" when we are talking about tea in here
I seriously dont know what is currently going on europe, you think Im tryna make a joke
^(Sorry If this sounds offensive
Erdogan was letting PKK grow when he was targeting Kurd votes.
It was pretty popular for a couple years
They are incredibly shitty politicians.
Please comfort me by saying "this expressions doesn't help any to hatred towards Turks".
He's one of the great aggrevators of tension in especially Syria for years now
The main objective is designing an affordable buildings to make an huge profit
I wouldn’t mind Brit rule, at least there would be some sort of class and lots of real football
Ellada, when we find a turkish video that makes us cringe in international platforms, we say "Hey nice greek video, love from greece" and cover our shame eheh
Throwing around buzzwords don't automatically win you the argument.
The theory suggests that Marxism had three sources: Anglo-Saxon economy-politics with their noncompromising economic efficiency oriented thinking, French revolution/counterrevolution and socialism concepts from tactical and calculated French politics, German philosophy and romanticism from abstract thinking German culture.
Nobody likes talking about them, but they happened.
Well, to that I say: Turkish is my first language, I was born in Turkey and so are my parents
I assumed they would be pronounced similar as other words that are similar with english like corner and "korner". But believe me they sound really different and I realised that this year
Service isn't great, some patients are dicks but there are no major downsides in my opinion
If Turkey wanted to participate in that war, it would destroy infastructure and land forces of the Armenians by using drones, not risking their planes and soldiers in dog fights
Usually consumed with red meat
Citizen of Turkey are weird
Different countries will get different amounts of bang for their buck.
This is not Syria
I didn't know Miyazaki was on this forum
Turkey is dependent on EU for foreign trade even more than US and China combined, and in Turkey right wing voters tend to change ideologies fast when their vallets are effected.
they put some meat around a pole and slowly slice it while it's spinning
Long story short, the movement never came to an end
Firstly, kebab is not one specific food and rather a wide term used for many dishes
Imagine it is the other way around, everyone would call Turk's uneducated pieces of shit
Ayup, my current boyfriend is American
Absolutely barbaric and horrifying
lol this is a common gig at Turkey.
NO ! Not The Sea of Marmara
We have a county named "Of" in the Black Sea Region
[This] would be Islamist moustache
Anyways, explanation of this image is that simple
As far as I know buildings in Edinburgh was made from light sand stone and then they got darker because of the industrial revolution
"Ies" got into the list
If you check the numbers, you'll see that 1.2 million Greeks moved out from Asia Minor into Greece, while it is estimated 400,000 Greeks were killed.
Yes but I don’t think we can while people are working 6 days a week for 12 hours a day for minimum wage
I wonder he was fearing that he'd have an orgasm with the woman's touch, or something
I don't know if or what they passed while the child rape bill was hogging all the headlines, but the TL lost about 10% of its value just a couple days before.
moms always throw slippers to their kids (not to hurt them tho).
Other than mixed spies you have to pay for each sauce
Lovely
Well I can respect that but that seems counterproductive imo.
We (Opposition to Erdogan and his dictator regime) did something like this ( [Chapuling!] ) back in Gezi Protests 2013.
When they got free they left the island except few.
Anti-Intellectualism is certainly a thing here but i haven’t come across to any antivaxxers, flatters or climate change deniers
Hadiths is were it gets confusing there are pretty fucked up hadiths.
Can’t help it :D
unfortunately most turk people only know my good boy vlad the impaler and nothing else about romania
I don't think 5000 is alot though, especially considering the amount of Ukrainians in Turkey.
Hittites
Thanks
It's not how it works in winter:( Many people cannot see sunlight when they coming back from their work
We had couple of Sex ED
Yes I do, because nobody calls it the "Federal Republic of Germany" or the "Hellenic Republic" except when you're speaking formally right
We don't use "the".
But I can pretty easily tell when someone is turkish
You can look at the Rockefellers for an example of that.
it's a fucking mess
Majortiy of Turkey's culture is Central asian and the most importantly Turkey's language is Turkic.Numbers of Turkmen which came from Oghuz yabgu and Seljuk state is nearly as same as local population(Turkmens from those areas were mixed with persians too so you gotta add that).Anatolia was bridge between Civilizations and so saying they celebrate their conquest is wrong because many states captured those terretories and changed their culture.Turks was the last one to do that and they did it very well.
You may get same or even less what you used to make in Turkey
The reality is that 400k+ austrians with Turkish origin live and work in Austria
This was a few months after he was accused of supposedly hiding illegal income in shoe boxes
Exactly lol
how the hell Ottoman empire has anything to do with ethnic conflict in Balkans?
Ağlamayan çocuğa meme vermezler - The kid who does not cry is given no breast.
At least 5 years' worth of emails.
So you can put that to rest now
Yeah, you guys should all downvote it to oblivion so that no one will see it.
Kanka (It is the abbreviation for "blood brother" but used as dude or mate nowadays)
I'm Turkish, and speaking English is not only necessary when talking to ANY foreigner, but it's also very important for work.
It was founded in 1932 by Atatürk
Damn, this is too many
They also often think of Turkey subconsciously as an underdeveloped middle eastern part of the world that is a gateway to past.
I like how he has no source for his claims
That if you don’t study well, you’ll end up working at a McDonald’s.
Chocolate, watches, mountains and jewish gold
> They might hate him, but he is giving them justification and encouragement with its statements
I prefer Turks but I don't mind anyone.
ISIS executed 2 captured Turkish soldiers in one of their videos(burned to death)
Thats what i used to do but I was told thats sacrilegious.
You have to use force against it whenever you can and hope for the best.
This is why I find it depressing and see no correlation between development and skyscrapers
When will people like you realize that hurt feelings don't matter nearly as much as you think in the real world?
You know, the one Hillary is palls with.
If it’s any consolation, even after fifteen years of this stuff, Turkey still defines itself in the context of Europe, for example, the history books that we get taught are almost entirely full of European history (helps that Turkey also plays  a large role in that)
She was crying “Mom, mom” constantly
I didn't necessarily ask about cunts, I asked about "that guys".
The beaches in mainland Istanbul aren’t really that good imo and if you want the best beaches, the Aegean and Mediterranean coasts are the best, but some of the few islands we have are a 30 minute ferry ride away from Istanbul and have great beaches
He has thrown everything on the line.
Well, dont make it that obvious, seems like you are one of them
I tried to spell it, it is pretty hard
its a tall rock from a chocolate company's logo
This feels and looks all like Turkey in the last 10 years or so
I always saw it as one of the shows targeted at 1-2 y/o’s because of how primitive it’s language was
In villages they are more popular but still not that popular
I mostly agree on your points, but Europe needs to see Turkey with it's deeper layers, not just Erdogan and his supporters.
Not that I agree with the meme too, I just saw it being used too much on various social media platforms.
Every now and then people find fragments of ancient statues or temples, not even counting the structures that remain standing
Yeah I wonder why nobody cares that Turkey allows celebrating Christmas and keeps talking about tiny issues like assasination of the fucking Russian ambassador in public by a fucking police officer.
This isn't about feet being dirty.
Süleyman, Mehmet, Osman, Selim, Murat, Beyazıt, Orhan
It tastes sweet and like anise
Then how did they select a lesbian Prime Minister
If there are cheese, you should find a kind that fits your taste.
I have always visited big cities in Germany so I have no idea
“Send me nudes
Can you even read
mouseleum of halicarnassus
Eh no, hardly relevant at all
Turkey doesn’t claim any land from Syria
I'll have another location thank you very much, although the climate isn't bad
By saying "Little Turgut" he actually meant his grandson lol
Fuck the West, and fuck their help to Turkey's 'Westernization', if you call actively assisting Erdoğan's dismantling of Turkey's Kemalist establishment that.
Anyway my English is bad, but I hope you got it
Why should an agreement made in mind for the average naval borders should be relevant for the Aegean Sea where you can swim from one nation to another?
Authoritarian: Favoring or enforcing strict obedience to authority, especially that of the government, at the expense of personal freedom.
It probably extends to Caucasus, Iran and maybe Levant too, considering my central Anatolian mother also does it
I would recomend visiting this region
Join us
That's great, we're considering that here in Turkey but there's just not enough infrastructure to consider a full electric car reliable just yet
For that reason, I read but I don’t even post in r/Europe because I don’t feel super safe here
About 5 or 6
no one bombs them
I guess you watched too many war movies but in reality retreating to keep more lives for the next day is better than holding your ground and dying.
Uzbek : A little less than Azerbaijani but still very close, imagine Turkish spoken with an Iranian accent
Just knowing Arabic alone won't allow you to read Ottoman as far as I know and and 1 in 5 people absolutely cant speak Arabic in Turkey
The problem with people like Erdogan is that at some point, the strategy to spite your face by cutting off your nose has diminishing returns on its shock value.
Once I saw a weird grey shape with a tail, but it disappeared in two seconds so I can't be sure whatever it was.
098 ICU-CCB beds, of which 12
10/10 perfect
Only satellite and terrain, with meteorology
He has made a detailed map about Armenian geographical name changes and Armenian settlements in the 19th Century - the second map I have actually used for this map
But I also know "bad taste" isn't a prerequisite for being poor
She was a ruler of a civilitation where women had a voice and treated respectful and almost equally with men
So he's basically going to abandon the UK if his idea/dream/pursued goal becomes a disaster?
I don't get how can we still have our troops and nukes in this uncivilised country...
no fucking way 30 percent of the young people don't use internet on turkey and 20 percent on usa.
No idea why a single movie hit me so hard but it destroyed me when I first watched it probably almost ten years ago
Thats hilarious but fitting
Where did I claim the kid was terrorist?
Any big crowd feels like a threat right now.
They are not challenged by important things like you mentioned
I feel sorry for people who has to live there
Pardon my French, but the bastard who caused all that died before his jail sentence was approved
Law isn't supposed work like this
He lost half the fucking country
That is just so selfish
what is a mink exactly
I don't care about the usage in Western Europe, as there was a significant difference within the Ottoman Empire about who could see himself as a Ottoman and who could not.
CHP can only reach the maximum threshold of around 20 to 30% and if you look at the map every election their voter base is located along the coastal cities (Izmir being a stronghold).
I tought France was one of the best at that
Those are some tall ass glaciers in Greenland
i have to disagree
Then we return to talking without no politics
I would probably want to move to nordic countries
My grandmother went batumi for gambling and she said it is a lovely city.
Context, Erdogan’s main argue on mosques is that opposition(supposedly) has turn them into barn(literally minimum 70 years ago) now Erdogan’s government practically closed the mosques and Erdogan said they Called for Prayer in Turkish which was bad (because showing Arabic and Arab culture as in Islam)
Back in my day, smiling was a sign of weakness
That's how Empires work though.
The old fashioned ones that shoot water from the bottom up into your asshole those make sense in that: It's quick and you don't have to get your hands dirty, shame they are so hard to find nowadays.
I thought they belonged
Good job Greece
Not giving a fuck about the results could lead the worse things.
I've stopped even folowing military news long ago
Not to mention the first line after the headline in the US article:
I'd even say it's existential for EU
Oravala FI
also it’s Conquest of Constantinople considering the city got better under Ottoman rule
They were born or at least live in Europe.
Cons: Erdoğan
Not only this mega mosque (that has a capacity of 63k people and never gets full) but also other "iconic" mosques like the one in Taksim Square could have much more modern&contemporary architecture like [this]
They already lost Istanbul in local elections
What was the Muslim percentage in Balkans around the same time period and what is it now?
ITT: Right wing Americans trying to defend the west
All of Europe is just a giant forest
Because I believe this will be counterproductive for us since the fact that it is not allowed will spread faster than the rally itself and make european Turks more inclined to vote "YES" in the referendum.
They aren't United Kingdomish
His supporters are diminishing and as for Ataturk he’s definitely one of the greatest leaders to ever exist no question
University is where 18-24 year olds are taught to hate themselves
I've never locked a door
&#x200B;
Why are they downvıting you isnt this a legit question
ahahhahwhah
Whether the onion should be added or not is a very polarizing topic, as you can see [here]
Would people react differently if a person from an ethnic majority group (that has the priviledge and power than entails) makes a racist commentary towards minorities (who have disadvantages and disenfranchisement that entails)
But the general attitude I've seen among them is quite Germany-centric
HDP in the other hand claims to be “peacefull” but it is proven that they had connections with pkk
Stay safe
Majority of them are Caucasians and Anatolians who at one point were converted and assimilated.
In smaller neighbourhoods dogs even attack people
PLC was an massive exception compared to rest of Europe.
never comes up in news or anything
There's two that come to my mind right off the bat
Count yourself lucky if you can pass Erbkeisertum, such a mistake to pass Ewiger Landfriede before you convert enough princes militarily.
Hap = pills
TRNC is also a somewhat safe heaven for young immigrants
Plant some trees on that street.
That's why while other ideologies can get violent, fascism in itself is and has to be violent.
Bread making machine idea is great though, thank you :)
Detroit Become Human
And the police (in clear police clothing) have been arresting protestors
they are supporting left wing parties and movements in europe because of their immigrant-friendly policies.
Kurds have been fighting for independence here roughly since the 70s. The PKK has been an active, terrorist, group since the 70s and there have been and are groups in the Turkish parliament fighting for Kurdish Independence, currently HDP is the largest group fighting for it and they have 64 members( roughly 1/10th of the Parliament)
will cause you no problems but if you're in a rural area you need to find a private hospital, small state hospitals would almost always turn you down.
They contributed significantly to the destruction of Izmir.
Unless you're going to college it's 18 in Turkey.
how do muslims feel about drawing like this vs charlie hebdo style ones
Then he immediately mentioned about us never recognizing their partition, and the guy actually played Civilization V Suleiman theme from the speakers in store
At least you guys stand up
RIP
It was referred to commonly as an apology to Putin/Russia.
You should try it when you came here again
Lydians
i would sacrifice my first born to bit gods!
It was a heartbreaking and eye opening experience at the same time
The "seculars" or "kemalists" as you call it were at the power before AKPs and Erdogans rise, seculars had everything under control, media, army, economy, law etc.
-Armenian Genocide (it is not a historical event anymore it became just a political tool so people would disagree with you and won't even listen you)
Hannukkah is just about the oil in a lamp lasting longer than it was expected to.
They won't get any land from Turkey.
Yeah, it is very normal to greet people while on hiking
Well clearly you're reading from some BS media, friend, because nothing you said so far is true
Or a father committing suicide because he could not buy new pants for his child
>when people use the english word when there's an equivalent
Some are very important (like rebuilding project and the pipeline) but some aren't that much.Goverment invest a lot to these projects because they get them votes but more projects in Central and Eastern Turkey would be great for the future(they decided to invesnt billions with to Eastern Turkey with a promising project but there has to be more of it).
That's also why there are so many laws against insulting the president.
For me, if it wasn’t included with the ridiculous rules of “no bar etc within 300m or whatever, I’d have zero issues
I know there are some jungle Germans in Brazil, but are there any sand Germans?
Especially when the other side is an important "contact"
That turkish independence war was also a civil war
People don't care about it here
Greeks from Cyprus and Turkey (includes expats from Asia Minor): Rum (Roman).
Greece
He has managed to reach a significant portion of southeastern kurds, he has managed to reach ultra-nationalists (in exchange for losing the kurds), he has managed to reach extremely fundamentalist Islamists (no, they aren't his natural base) and he has managed to reach liberals during the early days.
I find it cute when Americans learn about Centerism and how the Democrats are not actually on the Left
Tho they are absolutely not related
They do have different parliament, army, president, government and laws
There are a lot of Kebab types, some of them are Arabic origin some of them are Turkish origin etc, almost every western Asian country has its own traditional kebab
Why are they bad
All of these helped a little but they still don't have the votes.
You keep trying to defame our history with your rotten arguments
Well the kids at bogazici clearly have more guts than you or I do
Which is a damn shame
I think the difference is that Europeans, in our modern time, are synonymous with and prided upon their progressive values
Although i must admit, it is very hard to be openminded about Salafism.
If he becomes such, the proper democrats of this country will stand up against his wrongs, as well
Those who are too conservative would probably disagree, though
uykusuz is in opposition group.
I worked in an architecture firm
It's considered as spirit, I guess.
It's called Mantı(Mahnty), meat covered with dough, made by boiling, then adding yogurt, tomato sauce, pepper and all sorts of spices, and covering it all with butter at the end
If you have a doctor report about a mental illness you can still sue people but people can not sue you for anything
Asking about someone's earnings is even worse
All people would bring flags and flag designed shirts and march to the city centre
I've read that Putin's more popular than ever.
You can see why we see it as disrespect
My guess would be around 5% goes topless in private beaches owned by hotels
3 more, or will i be fluent in just 3 languages
The part that has kept this madman in charge ever since I was born
What does critical thinking has to do with any of this?
If something is triggered in Kurd community (which i don't forsee), then EU/USA will use their so called "humanitarian" methods to intervene in the conflict.
There were wrongdoings of junta too, they tried to erase kurdish language identity thinking that will erase the terrorism too, but it only strenght it
He has a great talent that brings money
So Cyprus is in Europe while having a 700km sea between it and mainland Europe, but a stair keeps Turkey out of Europe
Is there a selection where I can choose I am forced to don’t belong and fit to country that I was born into
I humbly disagree my friend
That looks more like meatballs rather than a kebap.
In general, you can identify the region one comes from quite accurately judging by the accent and the words used, if any
For example the minister of health refers to it as only Biontech [here] but that's the more common unofficial usage
Most expanding immigrant population between 2010 and 2015
The everyday (or every minute) drink is tea, for it's far easier to make large amounts.
There are a shitload of islamists in the police force, courtesy of AKP.
so, happy revolt day lol
In turkish, I'm bored means "sıkıldım". But if you are using english keyboard instead of turkish and type like that, outcome is being "sikildim" and it means I am f***ed"
i think the other dude explained well
I would give you gold but USD/TRY is almost 4.
Çok teşekkürler- e.t. Many/very thanks
Nationally:
They re chatting, gossip, weaving and looking for a doctor future husband/wife for their adult children while waiting
If you have a doctor report about a mental illness you can still sue people but people can not sue you for anything
Germans don't owe us anything, the German government does
There was an English Rock Radio in my city and I remember sometimes they played Johnny Cash and Hank Williams.
They are trying to get women vote in thier favor for the upcoming referandum these days.
Sure
I haven't had a computer for a couple weeks, I'm curious as to what happened with that pro corruption law.
edit:i forgot where i was going with this
You need hollywood to make movies about ESA
I don’t care about you at all = Seni hiç takmıyorum which literally translate to I don’t wear you at all
If they are not available to your client by default, you can change interface language in the options menu and dub options will appear.
Çomars have been bending every attack, statement, political move they can for years just for one purpose: to convine people a 14 year old completely unarmed kid killed by the police with clear intention.
Constructing roads isn’t progress
If it is my mother's side; I might have been something like a cleric or imam in western Turkey
Who give this wholesome award
And if an Italian or Spanish would speak Turkish they would sound like a Turkish person if they can handle our letters
The big bad west rhetoric is one of the tricks he had up his sleeve, we'll se how that affects the votes.
They should have driven cars everywhere and consumed as much as they could, right
I've heard it called "Turkey's New York" and I think it's accurate.
•Adana:Very good foods,rude but lovely people,Çukurova plateau
Esra seems genuinely very religious and good hearted woman.
To fight fascism become a fascist.
Still has some of the most beautiful areas though
Also thank you for the suggestion I will check it out
I have absolutely no data, but I tend to believe that entrepreneurship is a bit overrated as you
And what makes you think that those people in Turkey have dual citizenship?
Sell metals, buy car parts, assemble and sell cars.
Slava Ukraine
(the Turkish spoken by guards were bad the dub they did for the game is top notch)
We switched to tea after we lost access to Ethiopia.
[Different version of this song to get more attention towards nature
It seems like our translators didn't want to spend much time on it lol
Doctors prescribing sessions with a wizard clerics or engineers talking about ghosts are common things here
Haha these encounters are always funny
Mostly because at the time, they criticised the government
Wtf when was killing terrorists become ethnic cleansing
Coming from a grizzled Vietnam war veteran I'm assuming.
In Ottoman Empire, the most competent heir used to sit on the throne
The animal dies or becomes unconscious in a matter of minutes, but those minutes are not pleasant.
Interestingly, my mom was saying she also watched it when she was young, so it means it was on air for a long while here.
Doesn't say he is Turkish, it's just repeating the mythical origins of Homer
"W-Was this also part of your plan, Joseph
(and whoever was running the place in 2001, lets be honest, I don't remember much of the conversations that time).
Every protest is treated like this in Turkey
BMW drivers in Germany, Mercedes drivers in Turkey.
Its name comes from the town [Menemen]
Keep fighting the good fight
Cars stop, the subway stands still, people exit the buildings, and everybody stands still.
Wait you guys have a 'Parallel State' aswell
Germany is full of terrorists (Solingen massacre, NSU murders, Munich shooting) but they are neither Turkish nor Islamist.
Nice
Istanbul isn't the only city in Turkey of course, Ankara, İzmir, Adana, Bursa, Eskişehir etc.
But Romania will be hard since I heard some great rock songs from Romania before
Cross over to Kadiköy on the Asian side and you will forget that you aren't in Europe until you hear the call to prayer.
this is not about Erdogan
Turkish mindset people, always so entitled.
We use Anadolu (literally Anatolia) to refer to places that is not İstanbul, even European Turkey is included to Anadolu sometimes
Yesterday, i was thinking that Poland tries way too hard to be like Turkey
Israel don't get to be cunts just because there are people who are cunts to Jews
Antalya: vacation spot, tourists
So you are saying they deserved genocide since they settled Balkans later than Christians.
Look at the poor kid in the middle /s
My mum knows 6-7 neighbours in our apartment which helped us or we helped them since we moved in
Atatürk probably
Multiply it by 5, you get 25
Pentagram is one of my favourite heavy metal bands
*Slaps castle*
Erdogan got limitless power, destroyed the economy but won't take responsibility for it
He gave me the price after I asked for one
Win/win
I had to turn my VPN on to read this.
Western liberals wanted a democratic Islamist, and when they couldn't find one they proceeded to create it.
Ay dont sipik ingiliş
The attraction wouldn't persist if the rest of the world looked like that too
It is not something the average kebap shop at the corner of your street can do
Don't remember a time an anti-AKP journalist ended up dead.
The Burqa isn't part of Turkish culture.
That sounds really, really bad
Must be the same thing that "French" guy has?
-leave the apartment door open so animals can get warm inside during winter
hahaha i love this country
He just wants justice to person who did this to his daughter
I like them, too until they act like Thor killing the neighbourhood
I see another Turk above me has said an iron fist was necessary
While I don't support their arrest.
Even though I know they aren’t the healthiest thing around, I just have a fond memory of them
With this logic a lot of French people are nationalistic as they have a strong "This is France, speak French" approach
edit:ah the brigading
What
Without a doubt
If we had natural resources we would have been divided in to pices.
however it really grinds my gears when google just dumps vikipedi links on my searches (since my turkish ip address)
polls show he is to go
I don't want to jump on quick conclusions.
There are about 13-18 million kurdish people in Turkey, including my Math teacher
My own country does this on lots of topics and I hate it with all my heart
better if he would've have been prosecuted and left to rot in jail.
That's fairly typical in non-white people living in western countries who don't romanticize their home countries.
Yup
Thank you :)
Then end the accession talks once and for all.
The only recognition you will get is from occupied territories or countries that just really hate Spain
Tabi update’lenmemiş olma ihtimali fazla
Why not just let them live their youth without  having them worry about rent and bills and shit
Dumb people also believe maps like this
A Romanian brand targeting it's country and neighbours.
(I don't remember at which country it happened
This made me laugh baad hahaahah
Kemalist civilians and most AKP voters weren't crazy enough to go outside and face tanks.
In fact, I expected a lower score.
In any case, they wouldn't consider themselves Turks but Ottomans and "Turk" was mostly a dirty word, which changed only by the start of Turkey
Back in mid-2000s it was absolutely gorgeous
As a turkish, I find it hard to share common enthuasiastism in collaboration with european kids
This was awesome, I'm gonna laugh all the way to the prison
[This guy is one of them
that sounds very similar to TURKEY
kebab pizza with creme fraiche and fries
We aren't sending refugees to Greece.
Thanks
Wow, awesome
It has an amazing atmosphere that attracts you
especially when i first started to learn it.
And if it's summer, it's just too hot to go outside
Referendum is coming the polls show "no" is winning.
Not enough to stop me from biking because its really good for me and a lot of fun, but GOD DAMN are chicago's drivers fucking crazy
Can we expect Danish authorities to take the necessary measures or do we have a new pandemic in our hands now
The beaches in mainland Istanbul aren’t really that good imo and if you want the best beaches, the Aegean and Mediterranean coasts are the best, but some of the few islands we have are a 30 minute ferry ride away from Istanbul and have great beaches
Immigrants tend to be more rude, more radical and more big-headed and more bigoted than Turkey Turks
Buying/drinking +18 same for buying cigarrettes
Ever since Trump, its every fucking thing
So going to Greece to eat is the food equivalent of reuniting with your long lost cousin that you never knew existed
[This guy is one of them
As an atheist guy from a Muslim majority country, I want to intervene and give you my personal anecdotes.
Enough corrupt to changing every head state department people with support of government’s party which resulted TÜBİTAK(Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey) to not to support projects which couple of months later that project wins internationally awards
Also we leave a wish on or under a rose bush that night, then take that wish the next morning and drop it in water
and kielbasa, don't forget the kielbasa mmmmm.
We didn't have a cinema in most cities until 2000's.
Turkey has been fairly uninterested in that problem for the past 20 years beyond ensuring the survival of the Turkish half
Jeep: *"Jip"* - SUV
Cyprus, Malta, Chios, Rhodos and Lesbos aren't part of Europe geographically
Even if it really is Cephe and they really say they did it for Berkin, everyone knows if Berkin wasn't murdered they'd find another excuse to do exactly the same shit.
Intellectual Turks can already flee.
Corbyn linked to lobbyists behind Istanbul bombers
Would you be okay if that Terror Organisation creates that much land on your border
> Are you saying Israel is in Europe cause it is in Eurovision
Pensala FI
Unfortunately, this is very unlikely
I've probably interacted/still interact with 10-20 Germany-born Turkish people tops in my working context
German too scared to even touch flag now soon u fear too u see
I expect it will be turned into a university some day.
Not really no
It goes more like "We had a lot of debts (to IMF) now its over, we have no debts" while all they have to do is to check the Ministry of Treasury's account where all debts (increasing) can be seen online.
In Turkish:
Special mention to the German Turks, theirs is the most confusing one for sure, I was just in the market today and it took me a minute to realize two guys there were actually speaking Turkish
Giant's Causeway
Taviano IT
Erdoğan must be jealous
Law isn't supposed work like this
I always thought Germany looked like a really big head
isn't is 2-D?
They are located in the triangle between these 3 countries.
Like every single international dispute, both sides claim that it's completely the other side's fault.
I have no idea why we call it the German Way though
Not every university is high quality but people are undergoing a tertiary education
There is nothing illegitimate about his presidency.
Daily life in Istanbul starts before the sunrise
Representatives of Turkish Mosques in the Netherlands Show Disapproval of Erdoğan's Rhetoric
Would be okay that terror organisation kills 40,000 Germans since 1984
I don't think it is less than 10%, but it certainly is lower than 50%. It seems more like 15-20%
Greek side wants to gone before agreement is done
The country, its people its a lost cause.
In that safe zone there are at least 1
Background Information: Sungur said, “We built first aid tents to help to people who got injured in Taksim Square”. When Sungur, who an academician in City Planning Department of Istanbul Technical University, volunteered to join into protesting to stop bulldozers to demolish Gezi Park, she didn’t have any idea that she would become symbol of the protests
UK surveillance and NSA are far, very far away from totalitarian shit in 1984.
I hope there aren't that many Turks there.
Edit: why are you booing me I’m right
Not sure about the name but "Miracle in cell no
And that means
I have implied or said no such thing
Plus cats have a special spot within Islam so people hold them dearly
gagauz %97
But it's ridiculous when they get together
And its nowhere near unique in Turkey
I bet its actually probably more to do with the Syrian conflict
There are countless Turkish movies that try to go in line with western production qualities, and have engaging stories
Good idea from turkey
We have a good generation this time, I hope we can use that
In Europe maybe but in the world it is Jordan or Lebnon(For Per capita and for the number it is Turkey).
But if we look culturally, Turkey lost many their values they bring from Asia, and now Turkey is like rainbow about culture, you can see small world in Anatolia
At some point I thought about finding a job there
Did this subreddit turn into /r/bashAmerica?
They say main target was police and it was a car bomb.
I support the idea of ​​an independent Kurdistan
Hürrem Sultan
Turkey in the past had hang politicians for corruption that doesn't even come close to the daily waste in his palace
Aren't you supposed to say Odin or something?
Also has the man of the people charm, not too elitist
Executive orders are due to the martial law.
Also also Turkey is the country with the highest consumption of tea
US bombs Iran to stone age
He declared the republic in 1923
How could he be trying to save the empire from annihilation if he was the one who destroyed it???
You're welcome to boycott but any sort of open hostility from Europe just gives erdo more PR material, for his bs "taking on the world" image
One of the most horrible tragedies of the modern times, in my opinion
For example, the Turkish education system mentions many states
In here we have something like that but they are just after your money and it's actually legal somehow
Also, I want to ask: How could this affect Russia or Bulgaria
Word reis comes from Arabic rais which in turn comes from Aramaic/Assyrian reşa which means leader or captain.
As I said, now I understand why you think that Turks believe Homer is Turkic
Well, I never thought it as a mosque, but they indeed look similar
Giving people the freedom to not endure pain any longer
He was Turkish-Syrian relations were at its peak in 2010 just before the war started.Now he is again trying to slowly improve relations but it won't stop militants from fighting against Assad.
We have some
There are a lot more but after these 4, I seriously doubt it can fulfill "everyone" requirement
And "foreign" as foreign language.
to the south: the Middle East
2013 was one of the peaks, when people started resisting his increasing authoritarianism and desire to turn everywhere into a corporate playground
I am believing what my eyes had seen.
Not to mention dozens upon dozens of NGOs who **coincidentally** share similar governing structures, colors, symbols, ideas and cooperate completely in a way that rival centralized organizations.
10% so I guess the actual limit in Cyprus is 120 km/h. Does the police give you trouble if you drive with 120 km/h ?
We have both cold glaciers and sunny, relaxing beaches
No thoughts at all
I wouldn’t even think to call us brothers but wouldn’t you agree calling it disgusting is a little disrespectful
He had no political power in 1914-1923 in the party.
It is the same slippery slope used to blame Turkey for ISIS.
People are leaving the country because they are tired of discrimination, conflict and islamists and try to choose a destination that doesn't have those.
He blamed the Holocaust* on the Dutch, specifically to cause conflict before an election
We took the word from French, so we try to pronounce it like French in English sentences
Sincap
Quand au Roumain et Portugais c'est même pas la peine d'essayer y a que quelques mots par-ci par-là j'arrive a comprendre
aw man
No but, he's saying "seeing fascism in Rotterdam is mad" not "Turks are mad, for seeing fascism in Rotterdam".
You don't get it, the aim of the Kurds is to create a different state by splitting a country, and they choose the path of blood
But a scientist does not use -mış, eventhough logic should work the same with "kar yağmış".
You are right
Wow
Granted, my high school had lockers in classes
I was in middle school when I first went to Gallipoli
There is an obvious West-Rest division on political views
Istanbul - Hard to pick one but my answers would be Hagia Sophia, Galata Tower or Blue Mosque
I still laugh they went to capadocia with ships
y'all still have conscription over there ?
I wouldnt say few, a lot of games have Turkish subtitles on PC(mostly indie games) and PS4
“Uçakta kitap mitap okusaydın” You could have read something like book during the flight
You have to do better than that.
votes for Erdogan
Pretty petty argument
I’ve never seen this before, now I want one of these
What a terrible way to represent Turkey with a long gone empire
What you guys really need is price fixing for certain medical services
Our 1998 government was destroyed in the 2002 election specifically because of our economic crisis in 2001.
If you wanna date back even more Great Hun Empire (204 BC - 216 AD) is known as the first Turkish empire
Got a question then, I'm aware of two theories about their origins
in turkey it is 45 degrees celsius outside
This post was posted by u/-Kyzaghan- in r/Turkey.
Doctors prescribing sessions with a wizard clerics or engineers talking about ghosts are common things here
Turkish military has been decimated by well over a decade of AKP culls and political appointments.
Yes, Turkey organized military operations in northern Syria (Rojava) to support Assad and the Ba'ath Party
A city can be very well-developed and great in anything without having them, you know
we did that tho
pretty damn good elevators though :D
A single fucking frame on the wall that has a decent cheap print of art straight out of google images will make your living room look 5x better
You have no idea what you are talking about.
which makes it less toxic compared to r/europe
Their ideology claims to be over nation states.
We have mandatory Philosophy lessons in High School
(what
That's why we love ireland
There has never been an anti-German sentiment in Turkey in the last 30 years that I can remember
Taking into consideration that, European influence in Ottoman and Turkish times are mostly via French language
I didn't click but it took me little while for to get it
The situation today, is what he gained by the coup attempt.
We don't really have different dialects in Turkey
We're doing it right now and in the winter it's a total headache.
"Cold winds from the Caucasus results in below-freezing temperatures"
Armenia: Not a threat for us but a real threat for Azerbaijanis
I guess they were still pissed at Brits.
Who wants to bet how long until this gets locked
Do you honestly think you're fucking funny, fucking with my friends?
Iceland might not give a shit about Turkey but you don't get your news about Turkey from Icelandic sources.
US is much better with visas to non-EU countries though.
That's what they said about Trump.
**1900s:** Kostantiniyye-İstanbul
And I think the main problem when it comes to istanbul is that we had a similar antipariochi like the Greeks did in the 70s so Istanbul’s architectural and historical sites are concentrated in particular zones and there are really ugly neighborhoods in the outer city while in Edinburgh most if the buildings were protected and even the most common building keep up to the architectural standards
(That's what I did understand) Maybe you can change it to " Germany is accused of behaving like Nazi by Turkish President
Why is it that a lot of the Muslims they let in are the radical ones
Not on that level but pretty decent imo
” Personally, I find it quite condescending for the people who got the short end of the stick in life
Had such fun time there
a lot of people also downvoted midnight express aswell which was based on a real event (just like armenian genocide).
Kratos' mother
Erdogan is a fucking horrible ass of a human being
I also like the colours red and white
For the Russian part I have used a [ethnic map of the 19th Century]
Great times to start a company in Hungary
>And lastly how is foreskin generally viewed in Turkey and what do people think of uncut dicks
Turkey is there to protect an independent state from Turkey for its interests
The other minorities include: Albanians, Armenians, Assyrians, Bosniaks, Bulgarians, Chechens, Circassians, Crimean Tatars, Greeks, Lazi, Arabs etc
There were no goverment because nobody was majority
This is a good situation to say "bruh" very loudly
It looks like the flipping iceberg from club penguin
Insults are not nice though, for any country
Unless we buy guns and shoot anyone who tries something funny I don't see how we can stop them from committing fraud
70% of Turkish people support Erdogan's security policies also 64% of them blame terrorism for recent economic problems so it's already happened .
- Article 1: The State of Turkey is a Republic
During WW2 Turkish government saved many jews from nazis
Holy shit
I mean I've heard how slow it is but I didn't EXPECT this much
If I had to opportunity live and work in Germany I would go but will I ever want to become german?
(Use Bitaksi App to call one like Uber)
>  involuntary treatment,
Also wtf is kebab pizza
Also rise of Political Islam in Turkey takes it's roots from US-Turkish Governmental efforts of countering Ultra-Nationalism and Communism.
For example you're a Cypriot, as you may know both Greek and Turkish Cypriots are mostly not actually either Greek ot Turkic in terms of genetics, they bear more similarity to Near Eastern people than they do Southern Europeans or Central Asians
It should be considered that the Armenian population at that time was divided between 3 Empires
Somebody map this in assetto corsa or something
His existance blew my mind, he was like a living piece of history.
That's not how it's looked at when they look at our history though.
That's great, we're considering that here in Turkey but there's just not enough infrastructure to consider a full electric car reliable just yet
surprisingly low for a government like this in turkey
Then they accuse Turks of being brainwashed
It's used more in last decade, still not very common
You need to teach us how you do it
Even if you move out you re still pressured to keep in touch with your family on bidaily basis at least
The word archieve is "arşiv" in Turkish
Kaan is a lazy version that could be given by a lower class of family
inciting hatred and hostility among the people
So we share all of these things, I feel like all of them together
They aren't the same bland of Nationalists though, these are very likely Erdogan supporters / nationalists and the other is more racist.
English, Turkish or even Greek language sources will do
I'd say greece and belgium
Did you guys get taught about the battle of Gallipoli
I would say they are as similar as German and Swedish to each other
For Liberals: All Coup Leaders
Austria
We had high border tensions with Greece cuz of the refugee wave
The village [Vakıflı] (in Hatay) is known as the last remaining Armenian village in Turkey
He doesn't target civilians, so no he isn't.
It's been a while since we passed bruh moments
The Britannica
There's something magical in that Island across the sea     That I can't go     But I can see
"Palavra" actually means "bullshit" in Turkish.
Caesar destroyed it during the Roman Civil War, though some of it remained and some parts of it were restored.
So its a comment, and thats something wrong for journalism ethics i guess.
They have rights on paper but not on the ground.
What do you mean by nature
Mmm maybe [because of this
You use Uber instead of normal cabs
Some are pretty benign, some involve exploding yourself in public spaces.
Legacy of colonialism
Good job Erdogan since you have been an idiot nobody takes you seriously anymore even when you are talking about something that people should talk about.
USA was the superpower of the world in 1970s.
I wasn’t expecting it so it was a nice surprise
My village's name was gevurdağ (foreigner mountain) which could also called as foreigner's mountain
Wtf Italy
I cant even sleep
Otherwise it is normal to meet people with opposite gender
Which one lol(they even made him socialist).
This is exactly how i feel since i was born in here.
:P If I see one more TÜRKCEL BİM BAYİİ EGZOZ BAKILIR NALBUR I'll throw up
Thanks (◠‿◠✿)
\- The song has to be in the native language (in one of them if there are more than one)
Also it could have [Lagari Hasan Çelebi] to show a successful manned rocket flight
My eyes are full of tears after seeing how our beloved European friends caring about wellfare of Turkish people and democracy
Almost everybody has a relative who went to Germany in 60s and 70s.
Im paying 50 lira for 50 masks
Grandayy lives there so it's 100% positive
Turks and Greeks do not hate eachother
•Turkish Nationalism
Same kind of shit goes in Turkey
Oddly enough I know a guy who is half Polish-half Turkish.He's in my class
I agree with you, there is always going to be a lower class.
one word from tayyip and it passes.
I don't see how looking like a caveman makes you more pious
Yüz - hundred, swim, face
This is kind of odd to see
>archeology museum
worked in denmark for a longish period
In the 1960s baby-boomers spearheaded the social revolution that liberalised values across Western countries.
We use quite a lot in messaging but not as much when we are talking but still used in talking
It's always being buit
This is still not confirmed after so many hours
The DSP-MHP-ANAP coalition started those reforms but fell apart after the 2001 financial crisis in Turkey, due to poor economic management of the 80s and early 90s, for the death penalty,it hadn't been used since 1991 and needed to be approved by the parliament for it's use and most of those cases were converted into 10 years of prison in a pardon, as for the use of Kurdish language there was nothing aganist it from what I know what AKP did,which was one of the few good things they did, was allowing the Kurdish language to be taught in schools
Hollande's surname is ought to confuse some of erdogans simpleton followers.
You just conveniently left that part out, because only the evil Turks commit such acts and we're to blame in every situation.
Plus the questions are worded differently, "marriage" and "equal rights" likely won't lead to the same way of thinking about them.
I get that you are joking but that is clearly a man made [levee] It might have been aided by nature, but it has had some work done.
He said he had a sexual emergency.
", Russian military songs, "Viva la quinta brigada" (Spanish revolutionary song), German anthem is so cool also
AAAAHHHH
No actually wolf is more turkish
Well many locals also can’t speak the language properly so, they would fit in
1+1 in a central but shitty neighbourhood for students and young people are cheaper than their European counterparts though.
This makes truth subjective
Turkey is committing some crimes in the Middle East, I can say
The point is that it's never worth being colonized.
In that safe zone there are at least 1
Some regions may use different words for stuff but that's all
And a damn fine one at that
It is still aired every week in some channels
Phrygians
krgyz %40
They go "oh I can understand but I can't speak"
I think Cyprus is an island so big that it feels like its on Mainland and there is no dispute about Cyprus not being on europe, Cyprus definitely is on Europe
You sound like a typical Erdogan supporter.
I think most of Turkish Cypriots don't like Turkey much or at least being dependent on Turkey for everything, so actually it might change if they got recognition by other countries.
- Article 3: The State of Turkey is an indivisible entity with its territory and nation
i love both cyprus flag love from turkey <3
I don't agree with the way you communicate your message but really, how is expecting the citizens of a country to speak the language of that country is nationalism
Very rarely I saw pieces as edgy as Hebdo.
All Turkic languages have some similarity to each other
CHP didn't really do it to target HDP - CHP has historically treated HDP as a left-wing ally to be kept at a certain distance, even going as far as to tell CHP voters to vote HDP so it can pass the electoral threshold at one point.
That's a pretty dialectic approach actually, but half of it.
Onion gang and not onion gang always hate each other
Turkey always called Cyrpus(excluding north) Southern Cyprus Rum(Greeks living outside of Greece) goverment.
Not at all
Greetings from Turkey
Where was your school, if I may ask
I wish man but I am sure he isn't going to get elected next time but I am worried about who is going to get elected after him it could be worse
I keep comparing western european wages to mine
Actually in Moscow I had a lot of people engage me in English after I butchered the Russian language asking for directions etc.
We also like to make fun of other people
Then they call me a European slave and a traitor.
Hahahaha
But if it’s gonna make you more happy and moral high person, let’s not discuss
For those who don't know, the genre didn't died down slowly by the way, the 1980 coup and the subsequent censorship and prosecutions of artists killed it pretty much immediately as the 80s began
3) It had a pretty strategic location and wasn't occupied by the Entente during the War of Independence, making it a prime spot to base the Kemalist government in
Why some maps don't include the Eastern Thrace as a part of Turkey
But at Makkah, there are cops everywhere and no one is messing with you
Google it, you will see education alone isn't enough.
Open the Country.Stop having it be closed.
That here is not a desert
jeb
There was also a landmass where the Aegean is
Mediterranean guys we are all gonna die
Compared to beginning of the last century, everywhere have improved will look good, so I of course mean by today's standards.
You don't know how brutal the police can be in Turkey.
You see the "EU is trying to replace the national government" stuff even in fairly liberal EU members.
Yikes
Less probably, but you can get used to it.
So I think they deserve a visit
It is interesting how 2nd nd 3rd generation of Turks living in Netherlands are still more Turkish than Dutch.
Secular yet not antagonistic to conservatives, values science highly, looks positively to the West
Then have a terror attack, obviously the president was incompetent because he is retarded, he can't read very well.
After July coup, the obvious anti-Western propaganda was widespread thanks to the government.
But they learn Turkish by being in Turkish people
this might be exclusive to denmark as it is really hard to speak
Allahın unuttuğu yer
Thoose are what I recall now
When will Denmark be held to account for this genocide
6-*Allied Powers who tried to invade us after WW1*
And with the video, he revealed his face.
Arizona kertenkeleleri (Arizona lizards)
Imagine voting against unification which 65% of Turkish Cypriots said “Yes” in 2004 and telling my why unification seems impossible
Personal: Cats
People don't work their asses off in med school for nothing, I can't do a psychiatrist's job.
Next thing we know, other minorities will ask for it which might end up as same as Syrian situation all around the globe
1804-1815 Serbians revolted for independence and the suprassion wasn't very friendly they made towers from serbian skulls
Tea can be consumed at any time of the day in Turkey
Same in turkish, we have "O"
Just my humble opinion
Sumer
Until Britain began divide and rule, Cypriot Greeks and Turks lived relatively peacefully, due to their shared prosperity and relative liberalism.
Turkish secularist propaganda poster from 30's/40's
We don’t even go to school trips in my city
krgyz %40
The largest and oldest cities happen to be in the west.
We keep suing everybody until the money made one whole round across Europe.
It is also a fact that Turkish language and culture are very different for someone never heard of them
Edit:r
[Faith No More - Zombie Eaters]
That's so beautiful
This is against the laws of war
We suffer our asses while they live happily in Europe.
Putting all of this to the shoulder of Kurdish citizens of Turkey is just stupid and not fair
But yeah it conflicts with native language rule
this looks like an acid trip
Okay, we can safely say in our future we will see:
Many of them have ancestries from Europe.
Ooo a nice burn
&#x200B;
Cringe
The day after the attack, new polls showed that Macron was still trailing ahead of Le Pen so don't worry.
Your needs for you to do your job
I was a old memory but I remember it as plane area with no buildings for a long time
Congratulations . Having this sub is so worthy
Join us
It’s quite useful in conversation
Only thing Islamists hate is other Islamists
Bologna process was a huge step
Would not change the result
The unthinkable happened, mosques are closed(sort of) and Call of Prayer in Turkish as “Don’t come for prayer, do it in your house”.
something like chief but in context it is closer to fuhrer.
After the contest, she got into severe depression
So I want to move on
you have gulen people there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
they literally walked into suicide bomber and tried to convince him/her.
Kurds will keep most of the yellow area they however might leave some part to Syrian goverment.
how bout we put more math in our language so you ll have to solve more math while doing math
Everytime
Even the unstable politics is enough for some people to leave as they are sick of it.
I didn't know there was any piecing together going.
* [Xanthos-Letoon] (1988)
>punk rock band than a metal band
Germany - Italy - Japan fought against USSR - Britain - USA
Döner ftw
He has a duty to not be involved in politics
isnt a proxy war 2 states supporting opposing sides in a rebellion
Uzbek : A little less than Azerbaijani but still very close, imagine Turkish spoken with an Iranian accent
This is a sarcastic document about it
I don’t have much geographical knowledge of Germany but like Frankfurt Area(imagine German Turks are being majority in that city) wants to become independent from Germany as to like joining to Turkey
Let’s constantly post genocides Europe, Canada, America committed and try to get these countries punished with the discourse, and let’s praise Isis equally just as we do for YPG and let’s talk about puppet regimes Americans are installing by sabotaging countries instead of Putin’s imperialistic dreams and see the results
Because I find it hard to believe but keep hearing about it...
Erdogan uses similar propoganda tools like Putin's.
I mean what is the harm in letting him ride a camel?
We harbor all of these mentioned cultures in us under the umbrella of being Turkish
We have wolf
I see another Turk above me has said an iron fist was necessary
However you do not see the other side of the medal tbh
I work as a developer in Japan too, and I have to write it in English with Japanese mixed for obvious reasons
It's general there are good people all around the world but I am glad you don't have a problem with it
The Kurds you are talking about are members of the YPG, which are the Syrian wing of the Kurdish PKK
It still is , just not in public
They even have these in Struwwelpeter book
Oh and, I really dislike Persian loanwords
Or there is 3rd May 1944 when pro-nazi authors and politicians were put on trial
there is a big yugoslav map relief on bar wall ,they love it
This Jewish betrayal rheroric of Greeks really doesn't make sense.
Obviously there aren't any Mexicans living here so there's like only one Taco restaurant per one major city
That is why they adopted Turkic as the language as time passed.
In turkish  the verb azmak means to come or to get horny while in Azeri and Eastern dialects of Turkey it means to get lost
Japanese:
Goverment doesnt say anything, CHP, İYİ Parties stil asking about "where did 128 billion dollars gone
I had to jump through the school wall to get in, for the last month of high school
We have one rn, its not taboo but you can get your ass to the jail if you do talk too much bout it
So, only 17% of the population actually voted for them
The reason why it will help rapists is you're automatically legally counted a rapist in Turkey if you have sex with a minor.
Why we still don't have peace in the world is because of mankind's dissatisfaction.
I see , European politicians must be watching too much Trump on the TV.
Pijamas
Will/Can this law prevent companies doing design faults to make them buy their cable only
When times ripe we will all be one big family again.
sosis=sausage
About the “ı” that sound is actually pretty popular especially in Slavic countries too
Yeah, our curriculum doesn't about America
He's talking about the islands that weren't considered Greek or Italian in Lausanne, and are disputed.
It is just most of the people I know consume black olives that is why
I guess old Turkish movies about Turks in Germany diaspora or my lovely old German neighbour who lives in Turkey for nearly 30 years maybe has effect on me
I suggest the same to you
Twitter is not banned in Turkey
at least the majority of ones i knew
well i can do nothing about it
Aren't you guys more like the Portuguese than the Spanish?
a) I think centre right voters voting for AKP mainly happened because of the support of western neoliberal investors so it’d have happened regardless because I believe they would not support a coalition like that as they were looking for political stability
turkish genocide on iazidites
It is always said geography is destiny whenever something happens
flaunting around riches or does prestige power plays
EDIT: Whattttttttttt
ooga booga
While we had the power for more than hundreds of years, we could have controlled all European countries + would have our own access to South America, Africa and Asia
•Fulfilled independence
Continent
Plus the person might not even be a troll.
what a dumb post, as if territory in continents are handed out politically
You know who I'm talking about, I can't utter his name
I guess people didn't really liked the old name
You hate summer
Come on guys just don't be subtle
Hey, handsome
You can get “interrogated” while waiting in line with other people if you try to chit-chat
So can we say that the generals are the huge egos of armies literally
More like white square
It is a common trope to say in Turkey that you are under attack by foreign Illuminati or some shit.
Having more than 1 third person pronoun (like English he/she/it) is still weird for me
** As a fresh graduated architect, I'm more satisfied to be unemployed instead of designing neo-classical shitty apartments
Not to defend homophobes, but in Turkey tear gas and otherwise police brutality is the reaction to dissidents and protesters in general, not a specific reaction to a gay pride march
Enough corrupt that Türk Kızılayı (Turkish Red Crescent) asks for money right after earthquake (10₺ =1,6€) to help earthquake area while they tossed tons of stuff to Syrians without asking money
Face can always be operated on, and tends to change pretty well with HRT.
It's astonishing to see nationalist mental gymnastics like that: "terrorist statements are never reliable unless they claim someone I don't like was a member of them".
well, this applies to 80% of western europeans
Meme in English  : an image, video, piece of text, etc
That said, from the fact that you’re writing in Turkish in an international forum tells me that you’re not really interested in an actual discussion, so I’ll leave it at that
This sanctions only help erdo
Nothing
The right to self-determination is the natural right of every people
-Almost one of every hundred coffee beans in the world is imported to Finland, a country of only 5,5 million people.
Even Syria uses +2
They tried to implement "özçekim" for selfie
>The people who committed the Armenian genocide are like national heroes in Turkey
Power of total media control is crazy in Turkey.
I was expecting this to pass unanimously
the army of the duck is gathered
Wanted to know if it includes "germanic or german" word in it
It's also an insult to those that were pushed out of the army at the academy level via threats and inhuman tasks that were given to those with Kemalist leanings.
it seems awesome, kinda peace/anti war propaganda
It is a old forgotten dream
Not much without a filter
What I meant is that they should derive their power solely from the United Earth state, not the other way around.
Not at all
[Data from WEF about road quality if you are curious as well
I always cheer for England
My Country
Do you think our police are any different ? Remember 2013 Gezi Park Protests
Gökhan is from mythology
Greeks agreed to do that on Lausanne treaty
"State school" as public school.
Hurrrr durrrr I will go and say Turks bad Armenians good on a post that nothing to do with it
Man, can you drop the Australian subject please
Everyone has their own version of reality
In Turkey, i didn't see a single  one sunbathing topless anywhere my whole life
Exactly lol
But the idea was European (Nationalism).
I doubt Greeks think they can take western Anatolia back though.
Really ? isn't "kinder" means children in German ?
Sorry but this made me and a couple friends laugh like crazy
In fact I’ve seen a girl there years ago, didn’t have the courage to talk to her but I believe one day I’ll see her again
Good that everyday Europeans know their existance.
Resulted people to create a campaign to reforest that area right after news
"O gitti" means "He/She/It went" . Google Translate haves bad time when it try to translate gender neutral things
Who wants to join this club ? Europe is dying and no one fucking care this club
People don't vote to mayors as they vote to government
Mezes are the best kind of food lol
”. He replied that, he was expecting that we have deserts and camels, exotic houses, nearly all women covered up, men with longer beard
Neither is Turkey fighting ISIS.
I wouldn't put pyramids and Greek temples in the same category.
They tried to be free from Turkish rule.
i live in antalya
Hanhan, if you will
They never gave shit to the local populace and didn't even try to form their own institutions, just let the local ones stay.
I didnt know it was called hindi
My turkic compainon we will always try to aid you
Actually the Ottoman "Empire" was allied with the Europeans against Ataturk and the independence movement:
Central-right voters of the old parties (DYP, ANAP etc) (who are around %15) could support Akşener but they fear CHP so much, they would run back into Erdoğan's arms if İnce becomes his alternative
Anti fascists are the real fascists guys
we use İ and i for I and i in English
You are free to think so, but you're wrong.
* [Archaeological Site of Troy] (1998)
Although yes women who wear it are also triggered at the suggestion that they are forced to wear it (even though they are even if they can't admit it, but that's another story)
People who say that big pharma are greedy assholes are right.
Gulen did not flee coz of Erdogan, he fled our secular regime back then when Erdogan wasn’t even a name
Ah cool
Sorry to be blunt but who the fuck cares what Luxembourg says?
That looks closer to something I know as levrek marin, which I make the day before I want to eat it
It's actually the same
u know that about 50% is against erdogan right?
Apparently they're quite ok with user-friendly apps like Facebook or Instagram in addition to games, but they are not really able to solve problems
There is state of emergency (thats what tureng told me) so this is expected
So I guess I could have named him Ferrari Jean-Claude Van Damme
Turkey has been fairly uninterested in that problem for the past 20 years beyond ensuring the survival of the Turkish half
this is not about Erdogan
I had the same discussion with a Turkish nationalist about a week ago at /r/turkey and I mostly wrote about what Turks did wrong there.
When I talk to an Uzbek, I feel as close as I talk to a Bosnian
But I don't blame you, the media
You just engaged in nationalism
Just turned 18 this year and for next elections anything but the current goverment is ok
I once was in a CS GO team with 4 Turks on my team and 3 on the enemy team.
Nobody asked me, but if you will ask, I think Turkey belongs to Middle East geographically
This is the very basis and core of the fascist doctrine.
Solution cant be kicking the nest and expect them to leave
Yes but actually no
Luxemburg and Netherlands because of their color
Most of Turkey is in GMT+2 anyway
PS: today we use the word "devlet" as "state". So insead of the word "fortune", you can switch it with "state". It gives more depth to the poem as Süleyman was a statesman
Tollo FI
It gives the new money to entirely the wrong people.
Before visiting Norway, I had very high expectations
"Why we should close the brothels
Besides, people from one region who move to another will not speak in their local dialect with people who may not understand it
All we do is expressing ourselves and trying to explain the need and necessity of this operation as citizens of a country which has been target of terror attacks countless times, lost thousands of lifes, fought against terrorism for decades, which borders on Syria and Iraq
2- Greece
Also, the parliament coordinated the war efforts from Ankara, so it was a symbolic decision
none in turkey XD
Finland and Korea, we have some kind of a strange connection
Eu only sent 600million euroes while Turkey spent 25 billion dollars.So eu won't pay for them but Erdoğan will have more supporters.
For people to compare, Renault clio 2020 cheapest 119
I prefer foreign memes
We have a Trump but it ceased to be amusing long ago.
I'm surprised İstanbul isn't yellow - Ankara I know is a bureaucrat city and thusly has very high educational attainment, but I'd have thought that most istanbullu at least finished high school
8 minute metro (İstanbul)
Those fuckers clearly don't know what they are doing
bruh
But now, uneducated people changed this into only salt coffee and you have to drink it all to show your intention to this marriage as well as to show how rough a guy you are
The Portuguese Carnation Revolution can be a perfect example for that.
Racist
Stay safe
Basically nobody however Erdogan is trying to bring ottoman Turkish to schools so we'll see what happens in the future
who tf uses facebook in 2020 anyway
Most people say something like this lately and if Atatürk could see us today, he would tell us to stop waiting for someone else to save us and start changing the situation ourselves
Parliament notes with worry, that there today are areas in Denmark, where the **share of immigrants and descendants from non-western nations surpasses 50 pct.** It is Parliaments viewpoint, that Danes should not be a minority in residential areas in Denmark.
* [Diyarbakır Fortress and Hevsel Gardens Cultural Landscape] (2015)
Finally feeling the latitude I see
Here in Turkey, the norm is British English in the classroom so that's basically what you learn
Whenever EU is bad with us, Erdoğan uses it like "imperialist colonialists don't like it when we don't obey them" and such rhetoric works magic on the whole nation
So they share the same root and are branches of that family
Man if Erdogan ever did that
Not sure if you are aware but most of syrian refugees are actully pro-rebel and blame Assad for the destruction of Syria...
Why shouldn't they be allowed to conceal their casualty ratio?
“shit weather” cracked me up lmao
Wtf I didn't know Greeks were based and redpilled
Istanbul’s historic areas are very small when compared to the rest of the city, and they are mostly accessible by car
Teacher didn’t change in more than 10 years when I was student there
I don't deny that we have cultural similarities since Arabs forced Turks to become muslim.
Turkey is a really diverse country so my answer would be from the bias of someone raised by Mediterranean/Turcoman parents in Ankara
Erdoğan would be in jail or nuthouse.
Trump supported him after the coup.
The other root of it is that I think foreign investors were done with coalitions and passionately rooted for political stability even if your argument with regards to public opinion changing with election being in 2004 and them seeing economy being fixed during coalition government and switching to supporting them is valid
They are really bad lol
It's only accepted in Turkey, Moldova, Ukraine, Georgia and Northern Cyprus
Spain is my dream country to live
They have money, they don't know a single thing about middle East, they hate Turks
Seriously there is no reference or anything its just a cheap wordplay
But i can't imagine it as a child movie lmao
Head
My fathers side immigrated from todays Greece to Turkey during the collapse of Ottoman Empire.
Actually, this is exactly what erdogan needs right now: an outside enemy so people vote for his new constitution.
The grand Ottoman Empire who, for example, didn't allow anyone under its rule to adopt the printing press.
Also you first need to find people/companies that would want to hire you.
We'd started to play in it".
calling them rednecks would be an insult to rednecks.
But if you ask me, idc them and wanna be partners with Israel again, surely
Also they air a lot of footage of Americans being ignorant, not wearing masks and shit, so people here can feel better about themselves
It's pretty positive when it comes to them actually
Can't read it becuase it's german but they indeed removed evolution from Biology class.
Which is fair because I agree
117 = yüz on yedi
The situation only gets worse by each passing second
Its too early for Erdoğan to go.
While we had the power for more than hundreds of years, we could have controlled all European countries + would have our own access to South America, Africa and Asia
While it was in very common use for centuries, the name was officially changed to Istanbul, in late 20s I think
Teşekkür ederim: singular
It's "Çekiç" in turkish too
Even a replica of Ortaköy mosque would look more modern
These are just repackaged surplus doodats from old promotional campaigns
let's hope this will be solved just like Öcalan's case did
Just no yogurt, please
Even my Steam is in English
Drawing a prophet is already seen as disrespect at İslam
I can't answer this question because of legal concerns
10₺ = Chicken Döner
East Thrace and İzmir (Smyrna) are most secular part of Turkey.
No one can say "get the fck out because my party has won elections" to their citizens.
They had a bulgarian friend too.
**descendants from non-western nations**
That's why Cuba defines it not as sanctions of embargo but as a blockade.
[The best films of all time from NTV News] for who wants to explore more
People in Northern Cyprus have Cyprus/UK passports so they're fine
This comment, with every detail, should be saved and posted in this sub regularly as a warning about what trying to talk about things you have no idea about will lead to.
I wonder do people think writing “but what about armenian genocide” on every Turkish related post does anything at all
*Reads the title question*
After this, they should be properly informed, unlike the rest of the public who is busy with the day to day.
"The shopkeeper continued his words by saying that he cannot *bring bread home
Thanks for the explanation, I know Dutch politics better now :)
“Termos” flask
Japanese:
I'm aware
Secular yet not antagonistic to conservatives, values science highly, looks positively to the West
In these 7 years, I have lost too many time from my teenage years which I would have learnt, practice, change about myself, etc
Wow he is dead after 3 days
Different people like Turks, Greeks, Armenians, French, English and many more people lived in these areas with their mark standing still to date
Pretty solid evidence for both the pre-Turkic history and Turkic history of Anatolia
Western Thrace for Aegan Region
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Better than seeing them on top
Also has the man of the people charm, not too elitist
Not to sound elitist or anything, but politicians in Turkey are on the same intellectual level as taxi drivers and janitors
Reminds me of Gezi love to Belarus
What's the culture towards authoritarian figures in Turkey?
But I should try "German" Döner if I visited Germany for a good comparison and seeing the differences
Even in Turkey most of the stuff are quick and online so I was baffled a bit
The sad thing is he puts the whole population in a miserable situation and people know they are in a shitty situation but he also gives them hope that there are better days to come and blames the shittines on the opposing parties and Gülen (who he befriended in the first place btw)
But saying that Gülen is just some random tolerant islamic cleric is an insult to secularist soldiers that were falsely arrested under his plan.
[BBC - Turkey referendum: The numbers that tell the story]
In Turkey we have 2 poles for what we think over Brits, one side things they are the masters of evil, they control everywhere and every conflict, the puppeteers of America and the real threat is deep british state
Wonder where it comes from
Below 20 is chilly and I’ll wear jacket
Sivrisinek (Mosquito) = Sharp fly
Ghetto blacks in America commit crimes in the name of Protestanism.
Gemlik and Ayvalik are the two regions in Turkey that produce the most olives; and they are both known for their green olives
Istanbul and Ankara Universities are the most prestigious ones for law degrees
Can't say I agree with how erdo's doing stuff
#/media/File:Views_on_Evolution.svg
Please be a coincidence
He died of old age after caliphate system shut down.
I didn't intend sound furious with my first comment.
Well this is Strasbourg
Ottoman sultans invited them thinking they will benefit economy when they faced oppression in European Kingdoms.
Becauae both sides benefit from it.Eu gave advises to Turkey which improves economy while Eu gains more power in the Middle East but since 2015 things are getting worse.
Because of the embargo Cuba doesn't get enough international trade so their money is nearly worthless against lots of foreign currencies.
But even if he did, I think it isn't enough to make Kurdish electors think of the party as a religious one.
You might ask "then what should be done
(even though it was built in 2017)
If only Alex Jones was Italian...
I hope he will lose elections
Google DNS opens most of the sites but porn, imgur and wikipedia requires VPN
Encouraged invesment and more
For example, Turkey was criticized for going to China for air defense systems but it was because NATO countries kept pulling their Patriot missiles out of Turkey.
God I hate this government so much
As we see in Netherlands and Germany.
So you didn't just delete the others?
I think I will go with Iron Maiden for UK
Thanks for the advice
Also you flush the toilet, touch the door knobs while you are there.
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
Yes, I moved out of my mothers house at 17 to live with my girlfriend and her grandparents
You also can't really argue with people who aren't individuals, it's no different then calmly explaining your differing political positions to a whole rally.
>Trust me the Islamic Jihad for liberation of Palestine, Hezbollah and IICR of Iran aren't fighting Israel because of Palestinian rights, they are fighting Israel because they hate Jews
And I’ve always got the feeling that you’re not very fond of us
*"Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez
Thats a cool title
Not anymore
you have a clue
most of the Euro-Turks are hypocrites.
or "It was much worse back in the day, they fixed it and made roads
On which both Greece and Turkey agreed on
People use too many foreign words when it isn't needed and it's annoying
Turkish government and PKK started war again(notice that turkish people almost unanimously supported Erdogan destroying peace process)
It sounds like a heavy Eastern accent when listening
There are names from Turkish mythology or eposses such as: Buğra, Ceren, Serenay, Gökhan, Kürşat etc
Still, they are cautious
Meanwhile Cyprus turkish sounds like they stopped when they reached the peak 60s era turkish movie dialects
A large campaing going on since last week.
Santa Claus was born in what is today Turkey
If you know the Turkish alphabet, you can pronounce every single word
Not anymore
But considering the organizations that claim to represent Kurdish people are more secular, I think Europeans tend to perceive them as seculars.
But mostly they know that time has changed, the world has changed since then so they give us advice how to be a better person
I have never seen anyone use it in daily speech
Bu kaynaklara göre Türk Kurtuluş Savaşı sonrası sözleri değiştirildi ve "Kafkasya dağlarında" yerine "İzmir'in dağlarında" veya "İnönü Dağları'nda" diye başlayan deyişleri üretildi
Thats probably the point of it: Religious people will love voting in a Mosque where they are told to vote for Erdogan anyway.
Doesn’t matter how rich you are, or how elegant reception you want, there’s always gonna be oyun havası or halay
He doesn't have enough mps to get it passed in the parliment.
I just despise nationalism and how it distorts history for it's agenda.
I'm sorry but modern European cities are never attractive to me
These people have been in Bulgaria from the beginning they are no immigrants or something.
And look at thr president of Turkey he lives in a fucking palace
Mayor of AKP chose to pretend using water was enough and after court has ruled to stop demolishment of factory, he claimed people are behaving politically and generating unnecessary panic [while the measurements show there are already high level of asbestos at living spaces around the factory].
After that, Turkey started turning into a pro-conservative politically corrupt country
Turkey is a more right-wing country in general so our left-wing parties would be right-wing in most of Europe for example.
Germany - Italy - Japan fought against USSR - Britain - USA
Perfectly safe
Did you not infer that
There are no articles such as der, die, le, la etc
beautiful city
The main opposition party alone gets %25.
lmao
I like German more
Both Turks and Kurds are Muslim majorities.
And Iran maybe
Almost all intellectual movements in Turkey is directly influenced by the French.
And it was 2000+ years ago
I wish Erdo was little more comical but he is just cringy with his cat moustache
Assuming the first emperor Osman was 100% Turkish, his descendants almost exclusively married non-Turks, mostly non-muslims in fact, and eventually the original "Turkish blood" was highly diluted
They are imperialistic, as in nostalgic of the times of a long gone empire
Looks both depressing and cheering
Erdogan's one of the rarest ally nowadays.
A lot of nationalism is never a good thing
Seven Cats tho
” considering how many had non-Turkish mothers then they made a kid with another non-Turkish mother and he became the next sultan
Iran because of if USA uses NATO as response to conflict, I guess Turkey can be the first target
Honestly it's a safer idea to stay, as Sinn Fein has gained a ton of seats in N.Ireland, Scotland is planning on a 2nd referendum, and their economy would be affected.
In Canada, I realized most people did not cover their mouths when yawning
Stop acting like they're just having their daily routine
I swear I am losing too many braincells when these assholes talk.
It uses alot of "eeh" if that helps.
It may stop discussions about sovereignty.
I don't think she did that again though, she probably realised her mistake after seeing my cousin take off her shoes
And do equivalents of them still exist in other countries?
His actions in middle east was far more severe than even Bush could accomplish
Americans indirectly genocide people while the Nazis were direct about it.
You can get a villa in Istanbul,
It is unethical to force anyone to take substances in their body
That sound confused me for a while
For fucks sake please just end.
> Switzerland is already seat of all those highly corrupt organizations hosting those events
I saw a video about it today lol
There's a saying we use for Azerbaijan: "Tek millet, iki devlet
Maybe Crysis games because the founders of Crytek are Turkish but everyone else are German
I think it has more to do with a disillusionment towards Erdogan amongst some of his voters than anything else.
Even religious young people don't care about religious side of politics
Meditterenaen is hot
Totally agree about GDP, Turkish GDP is increasing but it's totally because things got way more expensive
It looks like a pic from Age of Empires
So, thats why but still a bit weird
["Royal Navy to lose missiles and be left only with guns"]
School typically starts at 9
People used to voice their wishes louder but now we don’t think we’ll be able to join at this current state, so it’s not really talked about other than a meme here and there
Potraying Gulen like an innocent man is wrong.He and Erdoğan were buddies and purged Kemalist until they turned on eachother.Erdoğan blames him for a lot of shit but this doesn't change the fact that he and his cult damaged Turkey with his buddy Erdoğan.
Ottoman Empire,we only learned just good sides of Ottoman Empire
If something happens in our neighbours, it effects us as well
The split, or divide, or breakage from a common branch between people who now populate France to those who Populate the British Isles wouldn't even represent the thickness of a page.
Unless Anatolia gets teleported to the middle of the pacific, yeah.
We have state owned propaganda machines in our TVs 24/7 too, I can understand you to my bones
you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country
for turkey(now) a bridge between europe and asia( we learn this in geography lesson :D)
He'd lose power even before referandum that way.
This hurts Turkey the most where you can let anyone to talk about you and don’t saying anything which is easy for to be accused doing something way out of the line
Shooter was killed ambasador died.
"Do you know Dan Carlin’s history podcasts
Movie viral ads are crazy these days
Apparently he's been a cop since 2014.
Mother: Zeynep Kayaoglu
(Hopefully)
But is Aleyna Tilki really known abroad
Go on then, third time's the charm.
Nutella gets its hazelnuts from Turkey
Vienna = Viyana
Erdoğan can't win the presidency in first turn, I hope İnce will be able to overthrow him in the second
Nope
•Trabzon:Beautiful nature, Villagers with weird accents and lazes with big noses
This is like the 4th time I’m explaining meanings of Europe in this single thread
Gotcha
I would’ve liked to list a few words as an example, but since this comment is now extremely long, I am just going to leave a Wikipedia article on the replacement of loanwords in Turkish:
i like it and it's quite important to me.
I'm not sure how the average numbers are calculated, but I'm pretty sure they don't include the newborn units
Are you truly comparing guerrilla warfare with a potential war between two nations?
The worst part of this is, it says ''Learn Turkish'' at the end, but they did so many grammatical mistakes.
Of course a unification would be great but it won't happen due to 2 things first one being "politics" and the second one being the fact that we don't live on a planet where there's no such thing as discrimination
Vatan means homeland in Turkish as well, but "Partisi" doesn't exacty mean dedicated, though there seems to be a possible connection
The 'secret articles' in the Treaty of Lausanne will 'end' in 2023 and Turkey will become GLORIOUS overnight
Some people were still concerned because of his political thoughts which turned out to be really concerning a couple years after the election
You should change Germany with China or Austria
total 28 minute
I dont think I would mind that as long as I get out.
Suggesting that Turks still ride camels and most of Turkey is desert is a good trolling method
Happens when Erdogan's buddies own 90% of news media
I know culturally Turkey has been an enemy of Europe for hundreds of years
10 minute walk
Government doesn't even deny the genocide happened, they just have a particular problem with that word
I don't judge, terrorism is terrorism
I remember reading the tomb stones
One of my proudest pictures taken from my LG g3
And I am %100 sure that no one will be happy with the outcome.
Constructing roads isn’t progress
I'd rather say: Turks taking their country back from the obsolete Ottoman Empire, abolishing the caliphate and sultanate and finally entering the modern nation states of the 20th century.
You know, the west supported Erdogan until 2013.
I think it is as pessimistic as it could be because the AKP crowd can't say there is anything wrong since they are the ones doing all things wrong.
Thats the kind of bullshit I'm talking about.
Oh that's really interesting
I understand 70-80% of Azerbaijani and 50-60% of Turkmen but i hardly understand Kazakh i can only catch some words if it's spoken slowly
The only affordable places near Raekoja Plats are probably McDonald's and Hesburger
If you are getting paid a Dutch salary in Portugal, you are living the dream man.
The armed wing of the Kurdish movement sacrificed the momentum they gained in Turkey for Syria and left the legak side alone.
Yeah but there isn't any offical claims on which islamds except for few and Turkish goverment indicated it might be inculuded in Grey zone(It was probably done to piss of Greece since they didn't claim it before).[Wikipedia article] gives a detail about Turkish claims.
Sorrily, they're mostly lying about war crimes or not saying anything about them.
Akadians
Banning any political parties is stupid in my opinion
Today Rantanplan is arguably more famous than Rin Tin Tin in most of Europe, including Turkey, where he is known as Rintintin
Tax money is being spent on useless shit nobody ever uses just so he can claim we’re progressing
People voting for erdoğan from way over there
sende (on you) ≠ sen de (you too)
Please,Turkey doesn't want to join to EU anymore,I think all world has seen that how EU works,after Coronavirus Pandemic,your EU will collapse
Ben bunu buraya getirdim
We're usually accused of genociding not purging.
* "They forced the women to drink their sewers
If you want to oppose this notion how about start accepting Turks in europe?
Your country probably had similar issues until the last 30-50 years or so.
However you may see many street prostitution various places, especially in Istanbul.
Our dear democracy protector Macron loves freedom and democracy
Wow this was the most stupid comment I read today.
Shops specifically for Polish stuff is pretty rare if not non existent (in a lot of places)
Where-er-you
Do you even know how authoritarianism works?
They're all murderers guilty of many crimes against humanity.
I think I was about 10 years old, that was the time I started getting English lessons at school
] Claiming might result a civil war
With the new labor reforms, workers can now change jobs or leave the country without the consent of their current employees, they now have minimum wage with compulsory allowances for food and housing, free healthcare for everyone, etc
8 hours this post stood up and its from a very obvious agenda pushing account that's supposedly against r/europe's rules
The group is no longer active but the song never gets old :)
They’re centre left and very concerned about the de-secularisation of Turkey, hence your perceived islamophobia
" and "It's nobody's business but the Turks" and "Turkish prison" may force a facepalm but nothing major
You can’t have Döner, Kebap of İskender without potatoes
Ottoman empire was like Roman empire
Wow that's a lot of no votes
If western europe could get back up after WW2 which was only decades ago, maybe stop blaming the ottoman empire for your problems that collapsed a century ago
suprisingly homicide rate in İstanbul very low but femicide is high so your choice
He is clever
In ıstanbul if ı remember true there is a law or there was a law
They fought against Armenian and Greek invaders to protect their homes
I think it is more spoken by refugees
Edit: Trying to discredit my points below by mentioning the Armenian genocide or Ottoman conquest of Balkans, which don't concern "me", a Turkish individual *at all*, namely using ad hominems, is essentially conceding that my points are all valid and you can't argue against it
people as a Mediterranean country which makes us feel close to them compared to North European countries
Calling Turkey out as a whole based on its current government (which is barely elected) as not one of y’all actually makes people that *are* like everyone here slowly start to decide that they’re just not welcome in that club and move on
1% of the society if not lower
pretty much every Turkish food is a fast food
The psychology and sociology of criminal behaviour is way more complicated than one's national identity, if not ethnical
Even Greeks and Syrians, who I think look closest to Turks, can be spotted in a crowd by me
> How to irritate **Europeans** with one sentence
Erdogan actually started out fairly pro-Kurdish and had a strong support amongst Kurds precisely because he seemed to not want to persecute them unlike previous governments.
But the thing is, uranium that is required to run the powerplant is relatively cheap
>how are those men viewed/treated by other Turks & by Turkish society/culture
His age was ruled to be one year older by the court to make the execution possible
Putting all of this to the shoulder of Kurdish citizens of Turkey is just stupid and not fair
And you cannot debate with the argument of "Yeah but Russia have undemocratic system".
etc".
Religious lessons are indoctrination and a lot of detail stuff about Islam is taught
Oh wow
If we reach round of 16 and exit the tournament, I would feel dissatisfied but not disappointed
Turkey does not recognize current cyprus goverment as a legitimate one.
Maybe the people that led the invasion truly believed they were helping Cypriots of Turkish descent, maybe they thought an outright conquest would provoke the international community to intervene; I cannot say.
Döner
"-oğlu" means "son of ..."
I seriously doubt that it has all that much to do with Soviet influence.
Noobs
No they are not jihadist but they are more like hardcore leftist."They sacrificed themselves for revolution!" kinda thing but results are as same as jihadist.
The Khedivate of Egypt had already suppressed the uprising, the French won the war
"Turkey is getting more secular" is completely false argument.
Are the news biased against Magyars?
Must be quiet these days
I don't remember why it was happened but some pro erdogan fans protest it by squishing oranges and drinking juice lol
So that's where Turkish "haydut"(outlaw) comes from
Anyone who has a little bit of intelligence and an educational background knows that their economic situation is the only decision point to decide how many children they can possibly have.
Anyways Wikizero is a thing so no biggie
It was very clear voice actors had a hard time
As someone who knows the history of the Ottoman and the Republic, I say that;
That's very elaborate project
Well, its gonna change soon
But i can’t say the same for Kazakh, Kyrgyz etc
Or are you a citizen of an EU-member country?
I don’t know if they air this on Christmas time in Turkey, too but they definitely air Looney Tunes and Disney dubbed cartoons in the morning and Home Alone during the day and finish up with some good films at the end during first day of the year
Well, given the circumstances right now (immigrants, terrorism, views towards Turkey etc.) it's not that easy.
* [Hattusha: the Hittite Capital] (1986)
Damn should have filled all the holes it would have looked cooler.
(TR)
By the way in comics Magneto was German Jew if I remember correctly
Therefore, it is not possible for a person who says "I am a Muslim" to go on and say "I am secular too." And why is that ?
It would not even reach the frontpage of r/europe.
It was 10 time worse than what Germany got.
It has the same pronouncation with "piç" in turkish which means bastard
It is pretty great
This has absolutely changed my view on Europeans.
Only NATO should exist if their government allows it
First:
I'm really looking forward to our new glorious overlords from Lichtenstein!
Riots in France really excite me
No matter how symbolic it is, you still aren't an equal to anyone in the royal family.
Like when you have guests, you serve them a cup of Turkish coffee
This current situation is a different story, bu event in the ideal conditions the accession talks should be terminated and we should talk on a mutually beneficial alliance/cooperation deal instead.
Champ de Mars
English german french italian spanish
One of them believe that god sent text A, the others believe god sent text A and B.
What is going on here
Democratic process is such a wide term and also used like the word of god around here.
Urartu
Ikr this is the weirdest culture shock I am experiencing.
First, MHP barely got above %10 last election.
it's 1.3 now, first in the bottom 100, right before Kod adi k.o.z.
Reunification won't solve anything, as it was the thing that caused the problem in the first place
For Commies: Every Ottoman sultan, all nationalst parties and also all of the political leaders turkey ever had
> identities being created by minority extremist groups in Cypriot Turks case the grey wolfs etc
They mostly don't go tor Europe though, mostly US Canada Australia etc.
We need to apply to your consulate, wait a few weeks and submit like 20 documents, including a tax statement and our bankaccount details.
When i open the window the cats try to get in, so i cant even open windows
It's a Balkan thing
Oh no, pufferfishes are coming
And keep support the government
A: 52%
How would getting sick of coalitions make people vote for AKP exactly
That means not just themselves even one or both of their parents literally born inside the country.
] I like how you just forget the best part before Turkey sent the army where Greece did coup in Cyprus to make Cyprus join to Greece and before Greeks already removed [rights] which was given to Turks by protecting minorities
give me one legitimate proof that's not PKK supporters portraying terrorist deaths as civilian deaths
I don't really like the previous ones tbh
We must support the Kurdish people who are exposed to this fascism
Its flag is a white crescent and star and red flag, the shape of which is specified in the law
Do Greek nationalists have any other hobbies than to complain about Turkish history?
Nah pork isn't the problem, I love pork actually.
And they bound that little island's economic zone to mainland's one
I tried to translate half of it it is not great but it will help you understand it.
I was pointing out that people were outraged I didn't imply it would change anything.
The Ottoman Empire had a different flag
But most people don't read the article and just comment based on the title.
220
Turkish folk is very unique because while it carries Turkic values, it also combines European and Asian styles
Although, obviously, it would make a lot of people very unhappy.
Same
That's why you made a deal with Turkey in the first place.
what
Far as I know, Turkey has accepted what deal come from with protection and survivability of Turkish Part
Not only Kurds but also left wing Turkish youth too.
Tillola IT
And religion doesn't tip the scales
Keep in mind that not all green dots represent an Armenian majority
This things are never a cause of ban or even a reaction of common sense
Paris or İstanbul
Answering the opposite would be easier to me
Independence of the acceptance process has been taken over by the government and all military schools now will have entirely civilian teachers and oversight.
I'd rather not use -stan
However increased average temperatures can change ocean currents which can make some places colder, also the additional energy in the system could manifest as higher wind speeds rather than higher temperature.
How is the Nagorno Karabakh war, which is a territorial dispute in which Armenia is officially and internationally recognized as foreign occupiers, related to Islamic terrorism in Europe
i'm pretty sure there are violent islamists in turkey but isis is like the source of evil that keeps feeding these mentally ill human beings.
That concept is just alien here
** As a fresh graduated architect, I'm more satisfied to be unemployed instead of designing neo-classical shitty apartments
I don't know about them being stationed there but this isn't a proof, not even remotely
Eyipo & Burak King - Günah Benim:
The education system is getting fucked our economy keeps getting worse each day and people are depressed because they can't live their lives like all otjer people do
Turkish is a soft language
People from all over the world, please take your fucking vote seriously
Pros: whole country is historical and cultural adventure
[A comment for greater explanation
Germans joke about losing half their country 70 years ago but around here 120 year old wars still produce hate.
The fez is banned but nobody wears it seriously anyway so it's not enforced
Just wanted to tag in Anatolian Rock Revival Project channel on Youtube, which has amazing pieces from that era of Turkish music
I also believe that you understand the context of Turkish Politics in a very wrong way.
greenpeace is shit too
Blitzkrieg
I’m surprised
Can you prove that they're paddling back or is it just your brilliant theory?
Do you think I care about Erdogan?
As a Turkish, I don't get offended when people refer to Istanbul as Constantinople.
It's a military alliance of countries against Russia and soon China.
I finished bachelor at 22
We will see in a few years if he's an idiot or acting.
Izmir March has same value as Kafkasya March which both of them are very old marches
Reminds me of xbox chats
Yes, the reforms EU asks of Turkey is pretty good, and they should be done so that the country won’t end up a third world country 20 years from now on, regardless of whether EU wants them or not
and people gather in cafes and chat
- Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Al Jazari invented suciton pumps in the 12th century
While getting accusations from other countries, we're getting many things worse than accusation from the people, hateful words, insults, blames, racism
Which means "while I was going to Üsküdar (it is a district in İstanbul)"
Enough corrupt that government sided TV Channel asked earthquake survivors who have to live in tent, who knows how long, this question repeatedly “Are you happy
Obama had no a good record on that for comparison
I've been to turkey a few times for holidays and i did like the people.
ananı çeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ..googleye türbanlı karı sikişleri yazan dedeni götünden sikeyim
I could get vienna flashback anymoment now
And im sure we can find other was like dumping them to space ect later on
How did it end up
Those army officers probably helped with the Turkish invasion of Cyprus.
I know how caps lock work, yet, I use shift because it is easy for me to type
Same in turkish, we have "O"
Turkey speaks a Turkic Language which is originated all the way from Altai Mountains near modern day Mongolia
But I think AKP supporters thought orange is as a fruit, not as a color.
Anywhere in Switzerland
I use a VPN to read cumhuriyet newspaper just incase.
You have a very fucked up understanding of what is democratic and free.
You guys have to open your minds to the fact people are individuals and you don't have to escalate discussions into these little digs based on stereotypes or based on national policy which individual humans have no control over
Also Dutch: it's free real estate
Even 4chan got blocked REEEEEEEEEEE
Kaan, Kaǧan, Atilla, Ata, and we have the -han suffix
Her standards of living has nothing to do with footballers' income
Also having land border makes it worse
When you settle in France you immediately have to go to OFII to register, they call you back 1-2 months later for your residence permit
It's typically negatively correlated with the level of conservativity
at least it can't get any worse than this..
I would choose to live in Ankara rather than trying to find my way through Şişli one more time without hesitation
Why would we want Iran land
Homesexuality was illegal in Ireland until late 90s.
> BTW we love your music
The only silver lining is that he government might try to overstep and delegitimize the result, perhaps by doing an early election for more seats.
Help
Personally, I think the meat represses the smell and taste of grape leafs and lemon
And British interfered in Russo-Turkish War in 1870s, which did have the threat of Istanbul being conquered, however the reason they joined in was because Ottomans gave British Cyprus, and that British, again, did not wanted Russia to gain anymore influence, not because Ottomans or the British were in mainly good terms.
Why is that irrelevant, anyway
Because identity > genetics
AC is working, so it will be around 23 after a few minutes
Turkey isn't exactly friendly with Russia
Just a few months ago a Kurdish man was burned alive by a Turk for ''being from the southeast''(synonym for being Kurd).
Whether the onion should be added or not is a very polarizing topic, as you can see [here]
That is, if I don't have to wake up too early
Goverment doesnt say anything, CHP, İYİ Parties stil asking about "where did 128 billion dollars gone
I wasn't thinking that you geniunely think that EU should annex Turkey.
Fascism, racism, ignorance and radicalism are the things we have to fight against together, no matter what religion you believe in
We want to be allied to people who see us as equals.
Please be a coincidence
Soon she got called as Gulenist.
Islamification of Europe confirmed
According to Native Americans, their tribal confederations were legitimate.
Greek influences on these can be seen from the highest order of the empire to the rabble in western Anatolia.
Taking it too far is how you get a dystopia
I honestly dude, please don't send those asshats back to Turkey.
Also you know we got our guy which might not seems as dumb as Trump but he certainly caused as much pain and suffering to our nation as Trump did to yours
I hate Istanbul's population, it's not a place for a reasonable person to live (and waste tame, waiting everywhereven though it's a beautiful place.
And to Europeans agreeing with this, don’t think I am only talking of Turkish nationalism
What is your preferred mobile app poison -in general- in your country?
peygamberdevesi
We are all children of Atilla
Sad thing then polish people are still living quite a shitty life
This is weird
Finland and Korea, we have some kind of a strange connection
I imagine the situation in the Sunni world would be much simpler if there was a responsible and controllable religious head.
Stray dogs are not a problem as well
Now that these children are ostracised, they are vulnerable to these terrorist organizations (even though joining a terrorist organization cannot ever be justified).
Then there was president elections(cumhurbaşkanı) the 2 candicates couldnt get majority of votes despite election held dozens of times in the senate
If we don't immediately stop our fossil fuel usage it is going to have terrible effects for our future generations
The 1970s saw much bloodshed, massacres and riots in Turkey as well as an economic crisis and literally no government
My city has many names, the most recent being Istanbul
Exactly, Türkistan is already used(and it could create an impression of being Middle Eastern in English)
Asola IT
Current TC government is radically pro-union and they even accepted lower statue for the TC constituent state already, so I trust their judgement on that.
It is almost like Turkey is made out of two countries: a western part that is modern and European in a sence, and a eastern part that is backwards and conservative.
noice
But who knows, Muharrem İnce is a strong candidate too and he might give us a surprise
>At a funeral I would follow all the religious rituals
It depends who you refer; branch of PKK, they should feel threaten, a random Syrian shouldn’t. But my point was over refugee crisis
It is the official regulatory body of the Turkish language
What
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Nah 60's one was good also it was necessery in 80's the stupidity of the politicians caused the coup
###Bruh Moment
This is a big security concern to Turkey’s Border
Alt-right comes from internet, right?
Muğla: Bodrum
Can I be an agent of Caos
If you check the poll itself you'll see that that 12% only want certain parts of sharia.
Anything involving TOKİ, which is an agency that constructs social housing
Secondly while they might be muslim sunnite for the most part, their religion is very heteregenous and blended with others beliefs, which make them much more progressive than others.
Especially the food
There are also many tunnels, catacombs you can’t access or unaware of really
At least 30tl (about 7.5 eu) for a drinkable wine.
It didnt pass because there were not enough MPs present.
"Being French to a subject" means having no idea/info about that subject
Also, swimming
The modernist wing including Mustafa Kemal was taken from power by the Turanist three paşa coup.
Due to the state of national emergency or whatever that was declared after the 15th of july coup attempt police do not need warrants to search you.
if u read the article, it has statements from cavusoglu.
This problem can be solved politically if world stops and listens for a minute what is problem with both sides
Turkey: Döner Kebap
Poland is just like Turkey but Christian
Lol there are barely any soldiers in Syria and their job is mostly to organize and guide FSA.
The combined armies of the Balkan states overcame the numerically inferior and strategically disadvantaged Ottoman armies and achieved rapid success.
I prefer to experience everything originally
I would say that most people with university education are non-religious believers though, yes
It is the designated part of the city for progressives, after all
Congratulations from Turkey
Donkeytown
Turkish is standardise on Istanbul Accent
i think, it is the best
Also it's not quite so foreign but slightly relevant, I saw a San Marino license plate in Bulgaria (in Varna iirc)
r/photoTurkey
Show me any survey were average people actually predict small percentage values correct on social issues
i get 25mbps download/ 7mbps upload for 80₺ ... what a garbage country i have
How did Turkish influence Greek?
If you're not already too old now, you have a nice chance to see the next one
In Turkish, we have "Afiyet olsun" and "Kolay gelsin".
Also AKP pushed construction economy hard because it provides quick growth and we don't produce that much cement.
It's a dick measuring contest pandering to nationalist votes.
The numbers become 10+ on STEM courses
I strongly recommend, but it should be done properly
Yep i can not understand the politics about that goverment is trying to change the history lol
It is a total mindfuck that people all the way in Western China speak a language related to mine
56 (sjsjsjsjsj) upload
Thousands of conscripts with very light weaponry with no proper tactics and leadership were thrown in to battlefield with no hope of survival.
You should change Germany with China or Austria
You mean those two Kurds that raped a woman?
Red is Erdoğan, Blue is secular votes, Purple is Kurdish votes with a bit
wow calm down there with the insults..
However, If the light is red for you, you cross anyway, and a car hits you, you'll be solely responsible.
)Believe me when I say the opposition hates the filthy animals who lives abroad and supports erdogan
It didnt happened
o you're telling me even if another party wins the elections, he will still be Turkey's leader?
So many western secular Turks getting denied of living in europe then you see people like this living freely there and dare to do something like this
222
No one in my family has ever set foot in a mosque for decades, they are secular and okay with me being an atheist, but they still believe in God and think that I'll be punished (they don't want this to happen)
From Books he recommends to who Stephen Hawking was
Usually consumed with red meat
Its the most important thing that people with indo european language group struggle with
What has society been changing due to alcohol consumption in Sweden
**pronounced as** : "et" *(litereally meat)*
Dude PKK/TAK attacks with cars or suicide bombers almost every 2-3 weeks and the first thing comes to your mind is DHKP-C?
They're just angry and lonely kids haunted by their massive insecurities so they need a group to belong and a leader to order them around.
Yes, I would like fries with that.
wow mate, that was hell out of a super, intellectual move with a lot of subtext.
The semester is over for the students
Only that the song I vote is the first come to my mind
Today we exist because of our ancestor's sacrifaces and struggle to save our nation
You know nothing about Turkish political history, which is OK but spreading misinformation based on that ignorance is not.
maybe because banks in dk are a bit worried about collecting debt.
The "have you ever had a dream" kid grew up
)Believe me when I say the opposition hates the filthy animals who lives abroad and supports erdogan
Give me back my tribute
If these barbarians were Muslim, they would obey the order of the Qur'an and not kill them
We also have a lot of Turkified French words in our language
Then some retard in high court thought it was against human rights to force taking shots without parent’s consent
So the reaction you get for telling that you are an atheist really depends on where you are
Don’t publicly criticize Erdoğan or you go jail bye bye
Crete however has Turkish Christians and Muslim greeks
Guzum hırkanı giy de üşütmen
"This is foreign to our culture" yeah sure.
In my opinion, [Cappadocia] is one of the best spots in the world for solo travel.
But my words look accurate for mediterrenean coasts to scandinavians, at least among the redditers
The original question does not say anything about colonial empires
To be fair the teacher who made kids do that was fired.
Definitely the new airport in Istanbul - poor transport, there are problems with weather and it costed much, much more than renovating Ataturk Airport would have
com/u/basicallyadoctor)
As such, even though she is now much more accustomed to the way things are here, my cousin was like a foreigner in Turkey
What
Do you agree then that the only Turkish news media worth consuming are Sözcü, Aydınlık and Birgün?
Grammar is hard, really hard, unless u are Hungarian
Turkish society is pretty good rn tbh
Urban v rural is a better model and also offers an explanation for the intensifying cultural clash with urbanization.
In Turkey people use 'arşın' for agriculture measurement and a traditional unit of area unit which is called 'dönüm'.
Hey, I googled your president when he had a sexy photo of him taking the vaccine
most Germans think we are hairy Arabs since we sent you our peasants as workers but when Germans have a trip to urban parts of Turkey they are surprised
In fact, there are more people speak German amongst elder people than those speak English as a result of German being the primary foreign language in schools until 80s/90s. There is a relatively big group of francophones since we have French schools in most of the major towns
I mean
Turkey does produce a small amount of pork, but I understand it's meant for Christians and export.
In these 7 years, I have lost too many time from my teenage years which I would have learnt, practice, change about myself, etc
Someone who's offended by non-islamic architecture wouldn't feel comfortable here.
That's why the current gate is a replica, not much was left after that.
I won't even question myself lmao
In fact I’ve seen a girl there years ago, didn’t have the courage to talk to her but I believe one day I’ll see her again
Then Corona came
**Verme, dünyaları alsan da bu cennet vatanı.**
Well, we all are losers
15% think suicide bombings are sometime justified.
The demonstration was organised by several Kurdish groups and is also said to have included members of the outlawed PKK group.
How was this not laughed out of your parliment?
That's like saying Trump is a democracy fighter lol
However, her mum is a complete foreigner
Cuba gets more trade which they want, Czechia gets cheap and good quality rum which (being Slavs, I assume) they want.
5 million Syrians
Did they declare a state in North Syria
I swear
Meeting pleased be
I love Trump cuz he is a Pro-Turkey and Pro-Israel president
In Turkey, not in presidential elections.
For decades lots of conservative people from the countryside migrated there to find work
Azerbaijan, whether it's football or things like Eurovision
I’m not a fan of crescent and star because of its religious meaning
I think there are 2 different deals.1 with between Greece and Turkey and 1 between EU and Turkey.He mentioned both but only said we will reconsider the Greece-Turkey deal
The Republic of Turkey does not recognise the Uyghur genocide
Germany in France, Netherlands, Poland and the Czech
Wow, Turkey is really empty
You can see her walking slowing after few seconds
I’ll answer your question
Wow, one of the mysteries of my life is solved.
Americans can keep their nonsense to themselves, I'm annoyed when they push their Americentric beliefs on to rest of the world
Use uber
What's up with Bursa having that single highest live on the map
Why is it that bad
Nevșehir: Cappadocia
But doing it is also disrespect
r/mapporn
shut the fuck up bot
When someone says British Tea, we think about a yellow/brownish tea in a white mug
That's it
Do you even read before commenting?
Things being clearly defined is not a good thing for the ruling party
The problem with Turkish taxis isn’t the price or the convenience, but the drivers are not vetted so at any time a junkie can be in charge of your life, and the taxis are awful as well
"You have one month to solve this or I will press the button for realz
Just after the (Counter-)Coup of 1909
They are not strays, they are community *members* that we like to take care of
I too, would isolate myself; if my predecessor was murdered for the exact same thing he is doing.
I mean I get your point but chance of you getting blown in Turkey is pretty slim it is more about Erdogan than terrorism since this is directly about Germans cuz ruskies keep coming.
I was born and raised in Turkey and still have a lot of friends and family there.
The state itself were more islamic than ever (you can look at "kudüs mitingi" which is endorsed by third biggest political party, MSP, at that time)
too bad we can't go outside after 9 pm but when this over i'll definitely go and eat some [kokorec]
I don't think most people think that.
Muslims are anti-Israel, not anti-semitic.
Currently between 20-30% or maybe less
This is not only Kurds who treated like this, people are treated like this in Turkey
Don't they teach you history in school?
Hahaha it's kind of mandatory
It was absolutely not the Kemalists.
I think this was the last terrorist attack happening in Europe so far
Should pickles be made with lemon juice or vinegar
Argue with Greece about who invented the food, then tell them that their version of it tastes like shit anyway
Jets can dogfight, ships could collide(hopefully with no casualties) but I don't think anyone is even considering war here
'In a different country', why can't you just say iceland
Yiğit Bulut(Aka Jöleli aka wtf is this guy saying).Some akp supporters will force them selves to belive it hmmm.
MHP is a ultranationalist party with Grey Wolves at their core.
I'm going to hell for laughing at this...
Gülseren - Rimi Rimi Ley
No they weren't they came from the rular regions and were generally less educated than other Turks and due to culture shock,xenophobia they faced(unfortunately some asshole racist ruin a lot things) and their education most of them didn't interigate good enough.Now a lot of them are not exactly Turkish or German.
I'm nonbeliever since my childhood.My mother and brother like to set tree and decorations so we do it every year.I also think it looks beautiful.Some people do this here for new year coming but not for christmas.
We however brought it from India and called it Hindi
Istanbul is 1/100K, the Safest U.S. City is 3,4/100K, Chicago is 5,5/100K U.S. Average is 10,5/100K Turkey average is 8,7/100K IIRC
apart from the clothing this is %100 accurate lol
Thanks to all people who actually tried to discuss my points
His Amazon orders are particularly interesting.
>Turkey
Kurşun(Pb)
People who cant even provide for themselves, keep popping out children like theres no tomorrow, thinking "god would show me a way" and i become the asshole for saying "they reproduce like bunnies".
I know I'd be pretty pissed if I were British voter who voted leave and parliament said well it actually doesn't matter what you think even though we decided to ask you in the first place.
‘Bottom of the hell’ (cehennemin dibi)
I'm sorry but it's simply not possible.
Germans don't like Turks
Istanbul and Ankara Universities are the most prestigious ones for law degrees
It's really a great documentary
The guy never even bothered to hide his intentions
Turkey doesn't have a problem with Kurdish autonomous groups outside Turkey
It is heavily depended on Turkey due to not being recognised but I don’t think a puppet state can start to drop Turkish Lira and start for making the country acceptable to EU for possible reunion
But if it has no benefits I will soon be an Internet troll
Yes but I don't think the problems will end
I dont know the EU membership stuff good enough
Yes sure, but what about the hipocracy?
He's speaking the language of gods
my dad works at playstation ur banned have fun
It could be like German-France alliance it is possible but first Turkey needs to get stronger to Russia's level which is not something that could happen in next 35 years.
tru
We are learning about Macedonians, Byzantine and Modern Greece actually
&#x200B;
Majority of people on Facebook and twitter also disagree with this.
* [Hattusha: the Hittite Capital] (1986)
They are recognized as terrorists by several NATO nations including the United States
As a Vermonter I'm proud my sub went viral
I can't blame you
If Doc Martin taught me anything,its that Brits love Spain and Portugal
Didn't Russia try to join Nato?
Our geopolitical position is the biggest reason for that
I'm sick of hypocrisy of other countries
Because they even taught us the second political parties' ideologies, I personally would be surprised if they taught anybody abroad
The thing I hate is we are portrayed in movies as if we live in a desert and all the woman living here wear burqa or hijab
That's why all this "Brussels" and "George Soros" business is there
Oh god somebody please kill it with fire
They mostly lived in Thrace and Thessaloniki which didn't have a majority, only a plurality for Greeks with Turks, Bulgars and Gypsies also living there in large numbers, so they didn't consider themselves living in Greek land.
Even though they earn there and spend it here they say that Turkey is heaven and germany is hell
PKK has a long history of carrying out terrorist attacks in Turkey and is designated as a terrorist organization by all countries of NATO & EU as well as some others, Turks are not okay with having their Syrian branch on Turkish borders
Again, not exactly the same because those are mostly whole buildings and not smaller artifacts, but if both sides are willing there are always possible mutually beneficial solutions to be found
economic downturn seeems realistic to me
Who the heck downvoted
He’s undermined the secular and modern views of Atatürk
It was a black van with dark tinted windows and we joked that it was a CIA listening van
Yep I said
So what I think when I see them is "oh fuck she will make me buy that fucking rose, this way or that way she will make me"
From Galata Tower to Üsküdar
Your flag looks pretty good, it would lose character without the cross.
Happy Birthday Lithuania
As a Turk, I am with France
But also keep in mind that Pfizer is not really a new brand in Turkey
I dunno what to say if even you guys' winters are lack of snow
In consideration that Russia and Britain is weak and Austria and Germans are doomed
There is French SOF currently inside the Syrian land and French planes bombed Syrian soil many times.
At least the refugee deal is off so we can open the floodgates.
Turkish in general applies to this as it is very different from European languages
Germany (our ally from WWI)
*There shan't be any happiness in this world without unity*
Is it something fully Turkish
Well done you have captured the ugliest mosque in the whole city
Then just include the European side to the map
Some lucky ones move abroad by doing their masters there, some qualified workers find job abroad, but the rest are basically stuck here.
Thought this was posted on a Balkan subreddit first
He's literally honoring a regime that killed thousands of his people
We learn and write it without a line
There was that one time when a European king came to Istanbul, was given a salary(which he spent on bribing government officials) and refused to leave for 5 years until there was a shootout
There are like millions of Kurds waiting to be armed in Turkey so they can cause civil war
Edit:r
Kahvaltı, means breakfast
I know how to read "comfor" and "table".
Yes, these people still exist
I'm done with this boycotting shit, it only related Erdogan but not Turkey
I guess the title didn't really stick
E: 1% others
I want him gone
I'm fairly certain he's achieved​ immortality.
I feel so embarassed to other countries because of what this stupid ignorrant man did
Happened this morning and is old news.
It might be stupid, however complaining at this point is largely baseless.
[this chick] seems to be the most popular right now
And they were all fun, kind hearted, easy going people
Oh yeah, I misremebering it as NATO, my bad.
People lose their patience after a while and it usually comes back as them electing an opposite-extremist.
Especially kolonya
I was looking at Turkey and saw İzmir is Greek, thought "classic" then checked 5 and laughed very loudly (sorry komşu)
My mistake for taking you seriously.
It was fun actually
The guy in charge of the Twitter account is getting a raise, that's for sure
Lmao
And I was shocked when I heard you have "İşkembe Çorbası" and you call it "шкембе чорба" too
Before you say the obligatory wHaTaBoUtIsM, this is to point out your hypocrisy
I worked at a 5-star hotel for nearly 2 years and have close friends who still do
Nevertheless I get what you are trying to say
yes, but not possible because our economy is pretty dependent on china
Shouldn't UK have a "should we leave EU" referendum every 3 years because apparently that's what democracy is
Simpler times
I'd argue Russia had no intention to take over Ukraine in the first place
So approval makes it for both side to accepted reunion
I can't even bring myself to say any of them, let alone be creative with them.
I'm an exmuslim from Turkey
my country at 154 : ...
I am 1
They bought lots of officials in American senate and in other countries, I think their idea was to reach places Vatican can not in terms of political influence via religion
Sorry for what we did
It was a symbolic DoW to join the United Nations.
it had good and bad times to be honest.
Makes absolutely no sense at all from Russian perspective
we say the first food cones to mind ends with an "i"
Amazing, added to the list
Simplifying ancient history and then getting progresively more detailed
Also, nobody deserves that kind of treatment, no matter the crime.
worked in denmark for a longish period
This was a few months after he was accused of supposedly hiding illegal income in shoe boxes
Almost 10 degrees below normal spring temperatures
Lol you are crazy, the upper part says edit, that is the part I added after reading again what you wrote and asking myself what your point was, the thing in breckets too, that was an add, I do not see how that looks better, it was my personal opinion.
Even if we look at the thousand years that passed with our arrival in Anatolia, we have a dense history
a pretty nice skill to have actually.
1 important side note Mevlüt Cavuşoğlu talked about the deal between Greece and Turkey not the deal between Turkey and Europe(he said it on tv).
Although the two languages are of the same greater language family, it is unlikely that these words have the same origin
Remember when people voted Brexit because ''Turkey is gonna join EU and take our jerbs''
Yea I can understand that as the EU already has to help countries like Bulgaria,Romania etc
But istanbul as a whole is becoming more and more ugly everyday
Not everyone can afford to go to Turkish uni.
The OP ask for people who are well known not who are liked
)  shall not be amended, nor shall their amendment be proposed
to the west: the Balkans
We even had a sultan with mental deficiency that one time
You can get “interrogated” while waiting in line with other people if you try to chit-chat
Furthermore, his party is specialised in election fraud
Internationalism is the only way
(It’s a regular sentence)
oof, thats not good
Somebody sued him for not having any university diploma or diploma which given under education which is less 4 year and this means he is illegally president of Turkey since 2014 (not 2002)
Honestly I am not sure if his degree was fabricated or not people were saying it was but I assume if it indeed was opposition wouldn't have dropped the accusation.
Is EU ready to pay US protection money?
Nah
Meh, he said he had his DNA tested and the results were that he is an "international person" or something, instead of Turkish.
Not much surprising
You mean this one
Interesting
For you this might seem as bravery but for us it seems as on going terror organisation for 40 years which resulted 40,000 people death in Turkey since 1984
I don't think Akşener's support by herself will be enough
Iranian influence would be more correct.
Turkey gave full equality to the women before many European countries like UK and France
We don't even share a land border with Russia, it's not like they'll roll the tanks in and try to occupy our land
See:
Don't get hung up on relatively new labels.
In that night police came and subdued the material
I don’t think majority doesn’t know climate change other than its name
>it could be interesting to see the way you see the situation with those countries
1910s in general, you're right.
He survived nonetheless, initiated an aggressive breakdown of any opposition and was still going relatively strong
* you pay a lot of income tax (near 50%)
If the ruling part is already determined, what is the point of holding elections?
The only thing I wouldn't accept is that your employer knows your affiliation
France let these people in then let them get radicalized then under free speech triggered them
How can you decide the what will the universal charger
Turkey openly threatens Greece with Armed Forces intervention in the Aegean
If I criticised Mohammad in a public space, I think I’d get beaten to near death by almost everybody in a 10 meter radius
Mass suicides
Edit: So nice people are here fanatics even downvote post stating facts
stop making them some kind of god or important people
Also try to go a month without card
My mother, who's from the northeastern Black Sea, normally speaks in the İstanbul accent but the moment she meets a person from her region she switches to the local accent
Wow that was hurtful
It looks like a sad story 2 years
He is not in a place of even remote power.
53% of the votes against Erdoğan
It makes you real annoyed when people spew bullshit.
Excellent point and my exact feelings
Just check threads about immigration and then actual numbers in polls about immigration in Europe
I wonder why english is so different then
Public: METU (Middle East Technical University), Boğaziçi Üniversitesi
Economical Sanctions will increase problem much more to be sure
For Liberals: All Coup Leaders
I honestly didn't even think Greek people would be offended by that.
Rumelian Castle, Istanbul - Turkey
If I had to choose I'd go for either Dede Korkut or Kuva-yı Milliye
Ananizin aminda altili ganyan oyniyim gerizekali orospu cocuklari
> that might help you
A. Fucking
Absolutely barbaric and horrifying
Other than that, I don't know their names
Education would probably provide the extra 10% of vote needed against Erdogan, so if you want him gone, you would want Turkey in the EU.
Yes; binding legislative, executive and even judicial branches to one person will solve all our problems.
Conflict started because PKK got cocky after their success in Syria thanks to American and European support and they thought they can do same thing in Turkey, started to dig trenches, put ieds every corner in Turkish cities.
some troubles before the invasion
It was one of the worst years for our country when we shot down the Russian jet
From what I can remember, Siktir is also in many other balkan languages
Still
Last choice would be election fraud but the left wing and kemalist voterbase are incredibly concious about this, counting every single vote in every box and cross checking them with official results.
So almost all European languages are weird
"Aslan" means "lion" in Turkish
EU and NATO decided to not help us with our struggling against Russians, so we let the refugees leave our country through their way on Europe
It's not an election that he can repeat.
Turkish: Dog
When Caliphate captured Alexandria, the remains were destroyed, although it's not certain what happened to the books inside.
Or just rrrrrr
You don't even need to leave country unless you wanna have a different kind of cultural trip
Then government used its right due to the acts of terrorism against Turkish people in the island by EOKA
This isn't a normal election at all
Do you guys not even taught about the colonial empires?
They talk shit about you guys on reddit so I assumed it was a meme.
The war was actually against the countries involved in [the treaty of Serves]
Just say O.
If there are quality Turkish Delight it'd be good but I doubt that, market Lokums are not that good.
No new wars
It's not a matter of living in cities or not.
PKK, the Kurdish guerrilla is a Stalinist group.
(with English subtitles)]
And probably dying at Russo-Turkish war several years later
He is making fun of Kurds in Turkey who want independence.
Armenians still hate us, but I doubt they liked us before the gennocide anyway
Armenia doesn’t
Sounds kinda misleading, what if they never fought but the guy got off with some cash, and they framed a dude with a lost passport
Would you rather have poisonous materials on our atmosphere or buried deep in a sealed room in the middle of a desert
I am not even talking about rising Syrian problem in Turkey
Like others said, turkeys location, the size of her army...
Yes, I mean, they shutdown every fucking porn site with URL filtering
Aren't we lucky as Turks
I quit my job and left Estonia last month
Who would force you to chose between hell and the north pole.
There is no such thing as responsibility in Turkey.
Does it matter
The man is the exact same thing he was 10 years ago.
Learning stuff without knowing what the hell they actually mean.
Wow, and this gets up votes in this sub?.
Making döner sandwiches as fast food is an Almancı invention.
Back in my day, smiling was a sign of weakness
Theresa May looks so awkward next to this wannabe Sultan and his cabinet.
Raulio IT
I still have the same question: what was the motive
You are right, These are my preference of drinks and their current prices:
I can image even those who call themselves muslims yet drink alcohol or eat pork might get offended by the verses because they accept everything in the quran or nothing at all.
I’m cautiously hopeful
Planning to go there next year too, and if everything goes right, I plan to immigrate to Greece some time in the future.
It's now within borders of Turkey now but I would like to see the Empire of Trebizond
It would be hilarious if you put a kosovo inside the Yugoslavia but not to right place, this would make both serbs and kosovans mad
Obviously, I can’t say anything about it in public because of the police, but it sucks
Looks beautiful
That's sad
for a quick instagram photo or just for a quick pet
They were religious and weren't hiding it (and were allied with the fundamentalist religious organisation which they had a conflict of interest with in 2013 and which was behind the coup attempt of 2016) but seemed to conduct it in a pro-liberty manner; for example, they removed the hijab ban in universities and state institutions
Siktir
Its the damn curse of our mankind
Turkish is that simple
Otherwise it is normal to meet people with opposite gender
I wouldn’t miss any excuse to drink 1 more like they did
When we want to say that there is nothing more valuable than health, then we quote Süleyman
Sweden would make too big balls
There are plenty of pale Turkish people, you just need to speak Turkish without an accent.
After that, Turkey started turning into a pro-conservative politically corrupt country
What about israel ? no one gives a shit about this country they are act like douche
Like king of kings
org: Complaint
Either way its hard to get everyone to agree with each other, but that's democracy
Haha these encounters are always funny
This decision is just an advisory opinion to the Council, but sure an important political signal.
Ehh who cares about what Turks say anyway
Worst part is, Turkey is THE most secular and moderate Muslim country
And this time it is most likely [DHKP-C] I swear it is fucking 2017 and we still have commie terrorists.
It's weird having a dumbass control your country
HDP in the other hand claims to be “peacefull” but it is proven that they had connections with pkk
Hellas <3
Because thats not my point
Deliberately starving a child is legally abuse
We and Azerbaijanis have a saying "one nation, two states" - Azerbaijan is, just like Turkey, a predominantly Muslim Turkic nation with very similar language and culture, we're both located in West Asia and Europe, far away from our ancestral homeland in Central Asia, so we share a special bond, so Turks will always cheer Azerbaijan during various competitions and vice versa
i read newspapers since 90s and i just heard about it in here.
Its completely random the green parts are not based on anything and overlap with lands we knew had kurdish or arabic minority
As a turk, this shit pisses me off
It's a very difficult situation for everyone
In Turkey, Official name is Hollanda
Well drop a donation link to them so they can buy you some bombs
Madrid can't send in the troops to beat you down if they can't pay them with your money
Armenia is just Caucasian, which some could call an extension of Europe
Mustafa I in 17th century
Gets a pass at _what_? Sorry for being Ottomans, I guess
Like I said, a good portion of the country isn’t religious, and the other half
*Con meyd his vey tu e tevırn turu dı dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut det hi forgot dı mani
We are not talking about some war game here.
* [Hierapolis-Pamukkale] (1988)
Society as well as economy can't hold on anymore
” for some reason
In Turkey, ppl are aware of that we wont be a part of EU never, also ppl dont wanna be a part of EU too
Well obviously Orthodoxy in Romania is older than the Ottoman empire.
Or why do you think that your answer counts somehow?
problem is , its little better than trolling to just come to the sub and post this pic without any discussion or meaningful post attached to it
Savages, they even kill children
> identities being created by minority extremist groups in Cypriot Turks case the grey wolfs etc
If you'd like to discover these movies, I suggest you tryt o get a list somewhere, and attempt to find subtitled, or perhaps even fully translated versions of the movies
Good idea
Never heard of it
PKK is a marxist-communist armed organization, recognized as a terrorist by EU and NATO
Remember that "Yes" won, so enough people live in the red areas and enough people voted yes in blue ares to win the referendum
Cruise ship intensifies
OK thats it, I am visiting Edinburgh no matter how broke I am
Well, there are two issues with that:
United Kingdom: Birleşik Krallık (United Kingdom)
Meanwhile Google threatens to leave Turkey altogether for a small fine imposed for anti-monopoly laws related to pre-loaded Google apps and Google search bar in Android phones
turkmen %87
Turks in Europe are below replacement rate.
However I draw the differences here
inna, otilla, dacia
No idea tbh
Denied those never happened is actually historical revisionism.
However, there are also sweet old people who love to tell you their stories, how their great grandfather fought a war and etc, and complain about corrupt urbanization
Starting a few years before balkan wars until the end of ww1 the balkans bled from every country.
As such, even though she is now much more accustomed to the way things are here, my cousin was like a foreigner in Turkey
Technically they are neighbours living in different countries
Being massively hypocritical is the most important part of being an Erdogan supporter.
If you work in construction zone; your clothes, helmets, shoes, etc
Cevapcici is [inegöl köfte] what you guys call cufty is similar to [izmir köfte] (meatballs baked with potatoes in tomato sauce), additionally you have [akçaabat köfte] which is similar to cevapcici but they are round and flat instead of finger shaped, [kadınbudu köfte] which has rice in it and is dipped in batter before being fried and [içli köfte] which is dough made from rough bulgur filled with ground meat and either pine nuts or wallnuts and then either deep fried (these are shaped like a handegg) or boiled (generally spherical), among others.
Turkey followed a similar path of military interventions and far-right extremism supplanted by religious fundamentalist notions and historic/cultural revisionism
Both organizations are highly corrupt deep into their cores
imam has passed out
Where is the turkey bitch
The pronunciation of sans (without) and 100 (cent) are the same so there was a little misunderstanding in this case lol
Also from what I've heard neither the greek nor the Turkish part likes non- Cypriots in their country, don't know how true it is though
they are for it but promoting islam doesn't help (hurts) with women's rights issues in general
Just sarcasm and silliness
Would you be okay if there is another terror organisation in other city which is bordering to Germany and due to instability around that border now they have 1150km long of area on your border
They want to break away from Turkey and the Greek side is trying to use that because they know the North has to accept something somehow.
USA shouldn't help them in the first place without any control
Have you paid attention
SHUT  THE  FUCK  UP
One of the shameful marks on our history
I’m in love with that cafe
It could be because Uzbek (Karluk branch, same as Uyghur) borders Turkmen (Oghuz branch, same as Turkish and Azeri)
Turkey has not signed the international law so it doesn't apply here.
> He looks like the type of guy that talks about immorality and how people have no manners only to go home and beat his wife
". I still don't blame you, how the hell will you know what is happening in Turkey
POV: You find the braindead one
In Turkey, Kolej (pronounced same as collège) means private primary school and high school.
People shouldn't vote in school buildings.
sen değil kardeşim bu sub da ülkene ırkçılık yapılsa erdağının götünü öp derler herkesi erdoğanı destekliyor diye biliyorlar :d
Blitzkrieg
The 1st and 3rd are meat on a stick and the 2nd is Aegean/Balkan cuisine.
A Turk that does not eat yogurt/drink ayran(drink made of yogurt)
We are already in for a catastrophic change
We, especially the Turkish Youth have hope and try our best at changing the things for good.
Age 12 we learnt about thing our body are going to go through, etc
Izmir’s population is 4 Million, and there were almost 3 Million people there
all the cool stuff comes from uk.
I can only hope we’ll be a worthy member in the future but we have a lot to go before that happens
00 am because it takes them 2 hours to go to school
I wish we could do the same without the fear of getting jailed for it
And the ones that do care have a hard time to connect the app due to the shitty groundwork
Call it whatever you want some ideas are more right and there is nothing wrong with imposing them on people just like how we teach kids democracy, freedom of speech, equality, secularism etc...
If they were alone vienna would have fell.
Just say O.
Encouraged invesment and more
* [Göreme National Park and the Rock Sites of Cappadocia] (1985)
Bread is just there to hold your food together.
I really liked the Slovakia [song] in 2012.
Tatti FI
Erdoğan himself doesn't go after random people.
We should do the same
Not in the EU day, but when I was solo visiting Frankfurt there was an EU event
durmuş (it stopped)
Shit I’m not even close to German and I’m gonna miss her
Since after population exchange muslims came to Turkey
MHP also has many Islamist Nationalists, like Alperens and in general conservatism is one of the most important values they generally have.
Who cares about what Erdo was/is sayin.
I guess our main disagreement comes from:
i can totally understand someone who speaks azerbaijani with zero azerbaijani knowledge
I'm from a red part myself ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It looks like his mind is in a totally different place though
Whenever they see rape in the news their first thought isn't "what if that happened to me, how would I feel".
They can fill it up and use as a swimming pool
And yes, after he said that some Erdoğan supporters could believe that but it is nothing more than 'Germany bad', actually
Vammala FI
I will look in to his podcasts
For any poor readers, literally all of his comment is edited.
Besides, is there a proper base amount of income to find a treatment
She's completely clueless about the history and current political situation of Turkey and the Middle East.
Hell, there could be a permanent "International Olympic Village".
Right-left wing in each country is different because every country is different politically.
Even simple things like calling someone to fix a leaky sink or whatever in the back of my mind I always thing "how much is he going to rip me off?"
Yeah they can for sure, but it will be a net loss for the EU.
Germany, Austria and Turkey has partial street views
In my opinion Bulgaria won't risk a conflict with a major trade partner
It is more like "I wish this dish brings you joy and health
Didn't even know that the government was aware of Reddit
Rakı - Greece
5 = beş
Prophets has to live in modesty for making their commune bigger
Those ethnicities had a conscious effort to westernize themselves, due to Islam being threatening.
One of the electors would be given the task to vote for the president and not to vote for its running mate
3 days later they will bring him back silently(it is really sad that time and money are beigm wasted because of someone wanting more votes...).
We are such a progressive country /s
(and speaking like a native english person is wayy more rare)
if you visit istanbul, i know it's hard to avoid, but the *taksim square*.
I think now it's permanently there because people liked it.
SOVIET UNION V2 vs
They do, and I'd rather blame PKK, HDP and whatnot
There is a good chance you may accidentally say I am fucked
That's just 1.5% of the active electorate.
If the palm of your hand is itchy, you'll get money from somewhere
I don't think enlightened necessarily means pussy, didn't most German intellectuals support the World War I in 1914?
Algiers = Cezayir
Single airstrike with 70 civillian death is not genocide
unfortunately the genre died down in the 80s
onlarınki (the thing that's theirs) ≠ onların ki (it's theirs, though)
I ended up growing into a fully fledged Turk
I don’t know :(
since not very touristic (internationally)
> I guess I misinterpreted what you said to mean women would be triggered by the suggestion they wear the hijab and I got confused
Sea border issues are no more
I don't care about what you hear from other people.
Turkey's "Great Purge" Continues: 4500 Personnel Dismissed
I don't think they are oppressed victims, I just say they have the right to self-determination
It is clear we are losing as humanity
Enver Pasha was really not a cool dude
It's anniversary of a 'revolt'... Against us
She will most likely lose in second round since Fillon and Macron voters allign much more than they align with Le Pen.
Sums up 99% of the foreign policy of AKP.
i havent heard that too, we banned it cuz of the infos on YPG/SDF page of wiki
Since majority of people are uneducated (I would consider majority of college graduated as well since education level is a joke), they eat this type of shit up.
We are already in for a catastrophic change
There was some talk of it after the coup but i don't think anyone has actually proposed it into parliament
Clerics should be radical pacifists
Ananas aldırdım/i ordered to buy a pineapple
Olumlu: possitive
I know thats harsh and easier said than done.
Well the kids at bogazici clearly have more guts than you or I do
There are a lot more but after these 4, I seriously doubt it can fulfill "everyone" requirement
Government said "They are our people, release them
This way you can put any word you want into their mouth, and your people will complete the rest of the definition of "the enemy" depending on their personal thoughts and therefore share the burden of creating propaganda with the people
I'm sorry but thats just plain bullshit.
There are camels(we don’t have camel as usual but in couple touristic places), women fully closed in black(majority of women in Turkey doesn’t use any type of hijab while fully covered in Black like ninja exist within Arabs in Turkey), men dressed up in white (only imams or some religious people wear those which is very rare), they shot scenes in areas where drought happens every summer to show it like a muslim country that you would expect, Police cars from 1970’s but actually there is not much difference from any European Country and the most importantly any information most likely to be not true or true but not accurate
Now that we are at it, I have a question for you, something that I have been curious about
I can understand Azerbaijani pretty well
That's horrible in winters, especially if you live in the western parts of the country
Turkey didn't do that this post is unsourced
Azerbaijani is very easy to understand for Turks also Crimean and Gagauz Turkish is understandable as well
Because you don't have to worry about Syria, Kurds, Turks, immigrants
Nationalism kills, end of discussion really
b) ANAP was dying anyway to me and even though they had the same neoliberal policies, their party was not going to start inspiring confidence again in both their voters who switched to AKP and also foreign investors no matter what
Belgium ?We never went to war with them except ww1 we went to war with russia like 13 times
HDP is basically a regional party, so they tried to cooperate with CHP.
Some Turkish states on Anatolia didnt got raided bt mongols so we were free
There was that one time when a European king came to Istanbul, was given a salary(which he spent on bribing government officials) and refused to leave for 5 years until there was a shootout
The idea of anti-imperialism is destroyed by our application into Nato and the Kemalists and (Obligatory) militarist wiev of our military is completely destroyed by the 2008 Ergenekon and Balyoz plots
2-Athens (Base of the Western culture)
Not rivals
Oh my god that is depressing
That was definitely a day to remember
" If you want to be even more informal a dragged out "e" sound would signify a "go on" that is likely said with impatience or suspicion
This makes if deal is not what Turkish Cypriots like, this probably will be seen in referendum
What's the point of this comment?
Hagi, Popescu, Lucescu
Does it count
(with English subtitles)]
For instance I grew up in Russia and returned to Turkey in my teens, I know Turkish and don't have an accent but I'm not as articulate with Turkish language as people who grew up here and obviously my vocabulary isn't as rich as it is in Russian cause I didn't receive Turkish education or read as many books in Turkish as I did in Russian language
You've had tens of those in the past
-If it’s a religious day people share food with each other in an apartment
I remember watching the movie as a teenager
Merkel for sure, but does not matter, most of the others would be pretty good too
My mother threw them all away because she thought it was just garbage
The decision only serves for Turkey to become even more agressive in the refugee deal and so-called drifting away from European world.
Al Nusra claimed responsibility today.
Cigarettes,alcohol,adultery
Cyprus, if I have to
METU(Middle East Technical University)
Current government is actually taking some action
And these guys are just saying that he is good, its not that bad etc
I don't think it's a necessity
We are related culturally for a long time
I have to say that most of our people doesnt pray daily
How is the climate in Brittany?
â, û and î not in [Turkish Alphabet] but in some words like hâlâ, hükûmet and dinî . Idk why they arent adding that letters in official Turkish alphabet
It doesn’t.
Feels really uplifting
Turkey has whole book written why Turkey is fat
But my brother who stayed in Gröningen for a bit said that he didn't encounter anything bad
It is usually kind of a jokely plead
Nationalist wing was openly supporting PKK while left wing tried to restart the peace process.
Welcome to the balkans my dude.
Nationalism is a disease
The guy in charge of the Twitter account is getting a raise, that's for sure
Another bullshit fake news about turkey
WTF is this
Which is the gist of İstanbul, really
< That is about the same logic as gay people voting for the far-right.
You're just jealous of my [precious bodily fluids]
There is a tunnel network under Istanbul that connects the whole city
Yes, but I can't tell native speakers apart from other native speakers
Kurds already have equal rights.
Much
Ow, my lovely country Cyprus
Well he's the host, he should be responsible for the oven
However, there aren't many cast iron pots sold these days.
Pre-2010, there were a lot of "propaganda" talking about how awesome Erdoğan is and how liberal he is while also being religious.
Fun fact: Homosexuality got decriminalized in the Ottoman Empire in 1858
Sometimes but it doesn’t happen very often
Almost whole Europe uses the Latin alphabet, like Turkey, and most of countries doesn't have a neighbour with a different alphabet in Europe, yet we have 7 countries with 7 different
Unchangeable Provisions
Current seperatism issues and ethnic violance in the past and if I am not wrong the civil war had an ethnic part too.
Something like Austria-Hungary or just old Hungarian provences
The people whose skulls are there were killed by someone on their side.
For me as a Turk Trump is not a bad president in the outer layers he seems outspoken against middle-eastern terrorism and Chinese influence games
I would take these polls with a pinch of salt.
He can afford to bend and even disregard the law because what he does is in line with the norms and values of the majority of the country.
Unlike [this guy] they probably know what they're doing and are aware of the dangers
He looks like a South American dictator from back in the day
All the world against Turkey
And he did this in 1632
We have that in Turkish too
Feminism / women's emancipation never really happened here as a social movement.
It wasn't free for a short time after World War 1, between 1919-1923
Everyone is talking about school trips to different countries while I never went to a school trip except a Stupid Forest and our Capital
In any case, specific intel is useful for specific tasks.
Erdogan well
We don't actually have an official coat of arms though, that's unofficial.
For Me:  Erdogan&Adnan Menderes
This looks depressing
Germany assumed they will eventually leave so they were isolated and discriminated and there was no attempts to assimilate them.
What would you want us to do
But a vaccination is a very certain substance
Turkish Economy is not at its peek thus this developments will not change by then
You are one of them for sure :)
In the future
How does a country function without keeping track of her citizens?
simple, using only word roots: Hello, name Can
I don't think you have anymore muslims to give us in a population exchange so no.
Yes, Turkey has right to protect its people, same for Greece
Resort towns at sea level on the south western coast are not representative of a country over 20 times the size of Belgium in land mass.
Donald Duck
On the other hand,erdogan lovers love them because they think gastarbeiters represent the Turks out here and they tend to believe everyhting gastarbeiters say
&#x200B;
tamam kardeşim yanlis okumusum basliktaki aren't i are diye okudum sağolasın dedigin doğru aklima sadece ingiliz manda plani bayrağı geldi
I believe you say "be all Greek to something" in English
But if we look culturally, Turkey lost many their values they bring from Asia, and now Turkey is like rainbow about culture, you can see small world in Anatolia
Excellent work but I must tell you that Anatolia is way more green than this
Never said those are identical things.
She recieved so many harsh critics and at one point she considered commiting suicide
He literally had nothing to do with it, at a political or military level.
West Germany entered NATO in '55 while the Korean War "ended" in '53.
I don't know, but I guess that's the likeliest possibility
[Hababam Sınıfı] \-  Lazy, uneducated students share a very close bond
There is a little racism issue towards arabians specially syrians
Yeah
We call you Hırvatistan, is that still cute?
Also, I wouldn’t be too afraid to go out as a woman
Yes, I'm sure Poland had very hot summers, say, a century ago as well but what we currently have is very clearly something else
Tzatziki = Cacik
So brave
Nonantola IT
Nah
* [Aphrodisias] (2017)
Most of Turkey is in GMT+2 anyway
Belgium is a part of NATO which does recognize PKK as a terror organisation.
It was hilarious
heh
Spain, italy, crotia, greece, cyprus, bulgaria, romania, ukraine, russia
Ugh, unruly barbarians claiming to be the descendents of the Romans.
And sorry about the whole mess our government caused, I hope everything gets back to normal asap
We just came to ''visit'' you and you looted our coffee beans??
Also I lived in there for 10 years
It's kind of a useless thing to debate about
It's geographically in the middle of Turkey
Between the real French and ...
What do you expect us to do with all that juicy kebap
Portakal in turkish
Not on that level but pretty decent imo
All these obscure news sources appearing on this sub
credit card, debit card, cash, gold coins?
Der angriff Steiner war ein befehl
Also portions of food were much more smaller
3) It had a pretty strategic location and wasn't occupied by the Entente during the War of Independence, making it a prime spot to base the Kemalist government in
Doesn't the parliament have the final say in actually triggering article 50?
We have both i and ı which sounds totally different
religious people dont since it comes from the Tengri but most people i know prefer it over allah
I can distinguish by their accent
At least thank them
You haven't advanced your opening argument.
If you pour water (on the ground
"Go hiking" near the Syrian border in an active no-go zone
The most not-national national dish i have ever seen
I am listening their Greek classes and it's pretty good
Turkey had 45
bruh
Can Uyghurs go to school in their native language (Uyghur)?
I am too basic for German sarcasm.
As I said, some of these could be as far as Swiss German and Icelandic
Since mid-2000's far right is on an internet crusade, anywhere they aren't kicked out of they will eventually end up controlling because regular people don't want to deal with their bs and leave whereas your average neonazi has nothing better to do than pissing people off online
You get 100mb for twice that in Turkey
They protested it and said it should stop(Also they pushed for coaltion more than all opposition parties combined).And when AKP and Gulenist purged Kemalist from the Army HDP(back than it was BDP) didn't do anything and supported it but CHP never cheered for HDP arrests,protested them and said "You can't arrest elected people,this is illegal.We demand their release".
It is sad to see so many people are ready to believe those manipulative numbers in the article without even bothering to see if they have reliable sources or considering how realistic it would be to have 10 work-related deaths per week on average for 10 years between 2010-2020
It is actually worse than 2% lost and in last quarter of 2016 will be the worst and coup happened in July .
We will keep nation you built alive whatever what.
Also, everyone deserves to live but children deserves it more than adults with rifles
They are cool, also Anatolian rock is one of the best music genres, ever
God I wish the 2002 election was in 2004 instead
but for turkey, they think our unofficial dictator Erdogan "best thing" happened our country.
I don't have statistics but I remember watching it when I was in 2nd Grade, and its still running today
3 million or so of them can be quite disruptive as we found out
Kenan Evren, the commander-in-chief during the coup of 1980 was probably the worst
Politicians should be as well fed as the most malnourished citizen in their country
I swear, I talked to this guy
You can make the language sound like 4-5 years old
But present day conflicts arise from disputes on islands
It was so good
One thing led to another and the public sentiment towards Anzac troops are extremely friendly now while the British are portrait as the ruthless, greedy imperial power that sent innocent people from the other side of the world to their deaths
We used to play with legos all the time with my siblings when I was a kid and we weren’t financially great
I assume in France, toilets in hotels didn't have any numbers on their doors, therefore they were "sans numéro" (numberless/without number)
They need Europe more than Europe needs them, so their loss I'd say.
It would look mystic and gorgeous, tbh and even I (I am not a believer) would be in awe of the beauty of the mosque
>I believe these known less than Abdulhamit
You can see it on buildings or on people, most often children
Erdogan might be shit on a lot of matter but he started a lot of good things going for Turkey too
yeah I'm slightly uncomfortable with that, wasn't even aware you could change genders before 18
He was the same person
You're using this tragedy to directly turn it into a political/opinionated issue.
People use it as a cover to make them feel better
), which frightens the investors
And iPhone users don't bully Android users here
The 'secret articles' in the Treaty of Lausanne will 'end' in 2023 and Turkey will become GLORIOUS overnight
It has the same pronouncation with "piç" in turkish which means bastard
I am not going to go to school for the first week and see what is going on, how the school acts for protecting us
Same in Turkey
French fought around 18th century also for 100 years at most.
People need to remove the "millitary action" possibility from their heads.
Greeks look more Turkish than us.
They can remove the Ottoman one ans instead make a U and show Central powers in WW1.
Sadly, it has historical roots.
This is payment for the latest privacy bill
But yeah, eagean dialects are sometimes too hard to understand
Just sarcasm and silliness
Now this is my topic
Just take a look at [this]ánsebes)
That being said it was a joke, I am well aware that those things are mostly only found in old buildings and are going the way of the dodo (as are the wasteful American toilets, at least in California where they have constant water shortages)
It was not much different than the Aegean towns by the sea.
Let's hope a mutual agreement can be reached this time.
In fact, some North African tribes also used it and other Eastern Asian ones as well.
Forced to memorise to pass, Skills other than math is taught as unimportant, Richer you are the better education you get, Under qualified teachers, Every lesson is taught random stuff which doesn’t make it to big picture, If you don’t study, education system will kill you basically
I would probably want to move to nordic countries
Before 2018, General Staff of Turkish Republic was the highest branch of the army and didin't connected to Ministry of Defence, after 2018 it attached to Ministry of Defence and rhe ministry become the highest branch
Unfortunately, this is very unlikely
Quite funny to even think about it.
How russians felt insulted
Turks have been in that region for a millenia.
I know its statistics that on a mathematical level are assumed to be accurate, but I just don't feel comfortable of taking it for face value.
Everywhere and everything feels alive in this season
That's not what he said, stop misrepresenting his arguement.
France
Anything involving TOKİ, which is an agency that constructs social housing
> We can see with our own eyes how the conflict in Armenia is unraveling
I'm not even a tourist and I feel that way.
probably erdogan circa 2023
Kinda late, the rebels in Aleppo started withdrawing/surrendering yesterday.
Soo, that's also sound magical
It's highly unlikely for them to get more than 10%.
However, people say you can get the language few ours after landing to the Azerbaijan
Same in Turkey
Pineapple pizza is Europe's future!
It's only common with most Erdogan supporters (who make up less than half the country)
84 download 31
It looks like 1930's. In the begining Europe supported Hitler against to Stalin
Damn, this is too many
The architecture was pretty cool, I don't think Turkey has anything to compare to Brooklyn Bridge, at least in terms of *modern* architecture
Just a theory
just some words i can understand
The government saying they're cleaning the state from FETÖ (Gulenist movement) but even a newborn baby can see that's a lie, they clearly sacking or firing whomever they see as "opposite".
It’s in your blood, embrace it
Recently our local municipality decided to greet new student with a billboard at the entrance of the town
We must read your book about how to forge a country
Most of them were barely even 20
Could someone make a convincing argument on why people should be prohibited to cover their faces outside?
They are our version of Catholic schools.
Google DNS opens most of the sites but porn, imgur and wikipedia requires VPN
And you guys don't want us to have Cyprus which is only 900 km away from Ankara /s
Army: what could go wrong
Meditterenaen is hot
I’ve witnessed some of them even split the food and mark the juice bottles
We should always fight against injustice but things gets tricky when injustice is legal and fighting for justice is not
You see that book being mentioned as the counterpart to 1984 but I found that it isn't even a bad life if you replace making a part of the populace intentionally retarded with automation (which I think the author didn't predict).
It's an obvious political exaggeration
We mostly use
Near Salt Lake
Then you show the receipt to the barber, waiter etc, and you dont pay.
Does Russia care about Norway though ?
As it is becoming more and more accepted to use “they” as a third person pronoun to avoid referring to a gender or sex, I truly love how that distinction is being naturally averted
Same here
Turkish dialects aren't so unintelligible that two people speaking in local accent would have (much) difficulty understanding each other
Oh, dont mind me
Almost every culture has some city names different from the original.
Not to forget all the Turks who got killed during Enosis by Georgios Grivas in Cyprus too
Soma Mine Disaster
Look at my flag and guess a person that if **he** died,world would be less shitty place.
>Extremoduro
Tanıştığımıza memnun oldum
Their position is political in practice but not in nature, that's why the facts don't work.
Living at (?) the Anatolian side, have been regularly coming to the European side for half a month and I'm already sick and tired of it
Students, teachers or they together choose which books they will read
They say shit like "they deserved it". Monsters some of these people, I tell you, monsters
You're only starting to find him irritating now?
We live in the darkest timeline, so I expect her to win that too.
they call it 'health tourism' lol.
The Gülenists on the other hand are insignificant in number but probably have enough members in the AKP parliamentary group to force a new election with a vote of no confidence if they wanted to, and their lobbying power in Washington rivals Erdoğan's.
We have an extended State of Emergency
So Already dead platform becomes unavailable nobody cares
Anyways, now we have a government that uses mosques as its political propaganda tool, so it kind of backfired for the moment
In Turkey that's a definite yes, along with talking about your possessions (the high-end ones like houses, shops, investments etc)
There is no way that idiot invades you
All Turkic languages have some similarity to each other
It refers to that and against Kurdish seperatism.
I don't know Istanbul but the country has 89 operative and 46 under  construction buildings over 150 meters
Nooo
I’ll wear a thick coat, maybe some hat and scarf
Time for republic
What I mean by Catholicism is non-colonial catholic heritage, i.e protestant and atheist nations are included.
I don't really know the details but he mentioned 2 different deals one is the one we know it and other is a different deal only between Greece and Turkey.
Well, most of secular Muslim countries drink alcohol
Only in publications like Huffposts and whatnot.
To be clear once and for all
No one care EU in Turkey
Be more like Europe, America
There are people from all around the world to study there, live some time there, then go immigrate to mainland Europe
public transport might be great in the capital area but if you are in somewhere like sønderjylland the public transport sucks
Arresting them doesn't help one bit considering that they are elected representatives of 10% of the population.
this will end up in 2 ways
Thanks
I thought it was Turkish :)
A single fucking frame on the wall that has a decent cheap print of art straight out of google images will make your living room look 5x better
Except playful comments from immediate family
I have failed 3 important classes that semester
Everyone expect his voters think that way
You'll find the most modern and backwards people there living together
Comments at the bottom almost made me hate humanity
Thank you for understanding, and stay strong
It shows that without interaction, Turkic Khanate also had it, thus it's not a result of influence from foreign symbols but developed separately, because believe it or not, the big shiny thing in night sky is not that original to use for religious or symbolic purposes.
Ben - me, mole
About the “ı” that sound is actually pretty popular especially in Slavic countries too
I still think for 11 years old that having sex, STD, etc as young for them to learn
Not exactly “Thank you” but we say “Kolay Gelsin(The job you do may it easy to you-you basically wish their job to be easy-), İyi Günler(Have a good day), Hayırlı İşler(Have auspiciousness businesses)
Those lessons helped me to learn the basics of English
People who live longest cost the healthcare most, I doubt you guys enforce euthanasia to people over the age of 80 so they stop being a drain on the healthcare.
000 back then
It's almost as if it's the Turkish grammar with an entirely different vocabulary.
Such a sad year it’s been
But the previous map changed after the last [local elections] But I prefer general elections as indicator
It was "crazy thief" here
Why dont you post the [las held elections] Even If it was for mucipalities, it showed a thing or two
I spent 6 hours there and would have probably stayed much longer if I didn't have other plans
I have no love for Iran but seriously what Iran did to be seen as even bigger threat than Russia in north america?
In my opinion all empires in the world weren't good or weren't bad
His style affected almost everything built to the East of Istanbul, including Taj Mahal in which two students of Sinan worked on the domes.
We only go in detail for Kadesh because thats the first ever written treaty
Being 'French' to something, meaning not knowing anything about the subject
(And a tip never trust the taxi drivers
Istanbul Governor confirmed it.
There is a seperate 'Ottoman' culture that pervaded from the palace, through the governors and the kadıs to the public (I'm talking about sayings, food, arts, entertainment etc
If the subject could be reframed as "Ethnic cleansing and genocides that occured during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire" I have no doubt Turkey would readily admit it and use the word
(don't hit me ppl i know we are probably even worse)
I believe the southern government is a puppet of Greece as much as the northern one is a puppet of Turkey
Erdogan definetly didn't like Atatürk but imo he doesn't really hate secularism .
There are some terrorist because of the proximity to the middle east
Turks in europe usullay migrated from conservative parts of Turkey.And most of them don't live in Turkey so they probably vote for him because he looks like strong leader for them.
Nationalist Kurds have a high chance of boycotting any possible election and they can't expect the left wing Turkish vote either.
Who is that Pókemon
I would like to tell that I am %100 agreeing
That’s kinda how the food chain works though
Born in Istanbul on 1849, would gamble in cafes with the money he'd extort from people.
It was the climate, landscape and food that made it feel similiar.
Th sounds can be either t or f but I decided to use t
But this shitty rhetorik really is out of place in Europe.
9 = dokuz
Şalgam (shalgam) is a salty, sometimes spicy drink made from radish
- nåååååååh!
But I don’t want him to become a martyr because that’d make things worse
Not illiterate = literate
I believe it's a nation thing
A comic war of nitwits follows
I know
Does the majority of voters support gay marrige
Crazy nationalists on both sides have territorial claims, business as usual.
So stop bullshitting folks
When rural southerners talk to one another in my presence, I can hardly understand half of what they say
Don't worry, these things will come to the Netherlands if you continue down our path.
Azerbaijani sounds old and Ottoman like
Sarma - Serbia
Al-Mualim showing us the way forward brothers
I thought it as STD, Intercourse, etc
Australians and New Zealanders
This is what happens when you have people with very little formal education constitute most of your police force.
Even when you’re the same ethnicity, the culture is different from region to region
Tekirdağ: rakı (Turkey's national alcoholic drink)
Pfff
Beaches are windy in other seasons but in summer, you can truly enjoy it
I'm on my way to see toxic comments
As far as we know now that Homer was likely a real person born in Western Coast of Anatolia but any other details are unknown
what happens in reality: cats and dogs eat garbage and breed
I'm sure she'll convince some of her right leaning base to vote for him
and etc
Very populer indeed Turkish coffea and fortune teller.even We have an app for that "falci baci"
Omuzlar ve diz
For more information:
Yeah, because there was quite a bit of jubipance and rejoicing in my comment above.
Eeeeeeh
The Turks on Reddit don't even represent probably %0000.1 of the Turkish population.
If you know Turkish, so you know the difference
For an Empire Ottomans had very few uprisings.
I second this comment
They really need to add a few more busses during rush hour.
So I can only understand accents that are close to the standard one, and the Aegean ones are fine too most of the time
without a doubt
Bunch of ultra-nationalist genocide deniers with grandeur visions of conquering Europe and middle east.
Cacık - Greece
At some point, people who formerly held some empathy for you just don't care any more.
Because I think the difference between intentionally targeting civilians and incidental deaths are quite clear and wouldn't need this much explaining.
Where is the turkey bitch
But I don't think I would want to change it because yes; we might have kept the control over Middle-East, but we wouldn't have the modern Turkish republic created by Ataturk
It was advising followers to stay away this kind of bullshit by using Islamic references.
And now both Syria and Libya are in civil wars.
Tüm darbeler ülke yatışınca demokrasiye devrettiler zaten
I stay in europe side but ı have never seen this street , that's magnificent
I am not Italian but I watched “io e te” the topic of the film was not so attractive but the scenes
The kid regrets his actions but has to live with it
Nice to see I can gun down police in belgium and go free because it is just armed struggle.
Same in Istanbul
[It was number 6 in most arrivals in 2015]#Most_visited_destinations_by_international_tourist_arrivals)
**The historical part of the map**
I personally think it was an okay idea to ban Turkish politicians from giving speeches to Turkish citizens abroad because that is so petty on Turkey's part.
Also try to go a month without card
And only people who are willing to do the hard work are able to change things for everyone, not only for their unimportant selves
We have car bombs going off daily in Turkey.
The fact that our culture was developed together always made me feel closer to Greek people
They do have different parliament, army, president, government and laws
It pisses off locals and ramps up the fears of Arabization and Islamization of Turkey, plus ruins the perception of Turkey for other foreigners who visit and see that stuff and might assume these people are Turkish and this is what Turkey normally looks like
And person who brought this bullshit here is a Greek, even trying to connect such sad event to their classical Turkish hatred to gain political points
There are some news of people giving free services to people who sell a certain amount of dollars but those are mostly nutters.
Thats hilarious but fitting
Hahahaha
South west africa
Istanbul is more expensive than Berlin
I dont understand this shit ...
Life isn't 2+2=4
Dolu - full, hail
Russian
It took exactly Hussars for them to run away so fast and leave all the coffee and gulash.
Non-native speakers of English,when did you start learning English and how did you improve your reading and speaking
If we want to do this, we can't expect this to happen by neither pan-islamist parties nor terrorist organizations
At least where I am from
Hey now getting trigged from bro is pretty lame bro and I am surprised you even mention numbers since considering the fact that British caused more deaths in India than all the crimes Ottoman Empire committed in her life-cyle.
Somebody needs to capitalize on this and organize trips to oil wrestling tournaments for gay tourist groups
because its architecture was copied from Hagia Sophia and the Sultanahmet
We all suffer from constant toothache anyway
I know, Turkey isn't a super super super power but, Turkey is one of the big powers in mediterranean and middle east
[Çorum] because apparently, it is the "[centre of the world]
It supposed to last for 4 years but I made it longer by dropping final thesis twice
I think there are safer ways to declare ml, don't you think?.
What a brainless stupid bastard people lives in the world
Can you also recommend something more fun to watch
He systematically increases number of Imam Hatip schools.
Now the population needs to shed the older generation at least to level the ground with the current regime, I just hope it betters with time, I can’t do anything else
Doğum günün kutlu olsun Litvanya
They could at least have warned people for a possible attack
Ahhh so they were requesting full subreddits to be blocked
One of the most traumatic events of our recent history
Much more efficient
Big fan of her
Yes
That pretty specific but aight, it's "Sincap".
Greeks with turkish roots probably
UK want do puppet country after Turkish İndepence War
Can Poland into space now
When I was a child, I closed down the bank customer service software (that shouldn't be able to be closed) in their computer by using task manager and played Pinball and minesweeper
I am just curious because
And Piri Reis
Thankfully it doesn't get that hot every summer
Apart from the ambassador, it is said that there are more wounded.
Not great, not terrible
I honestly think it’s so underrated- everyone I met from there and other Polish cities told me that it’s not worth a visit
Why Turkey looks so tired
Russian Ambassador Karlov shot in Ankara - LOCAL
Somebody sued him for not having any university diploma or diploma which given under education which is less 4 year and this means he is illegally president of Turkey since 2014 (not 2002)
They weren't Islamists when they arrived.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk (founder of the Turkish Republic) passed away 78 Years ago on 10th of november
mfw 1 turkish lira is equal to 5 euros
You guys sure ain't biased
Athens for beauty and history
Our constitution has a famous loophole
While the wild habitat of the domestic cat is Anatolia in Turkey
That's what 1
But all my life I’ve had Erdogan’s party holding power
Yes, that's idiotic
I can't blame you
But if the event is being explained in perspective of History -di will be used
Or we just yell "THERE ISN'T ENOUGH CONCRETE" when someone does something brave
Lmfao I'd rather believe the statistics than some Redditor, sorry.
There is no national pride in killing anyone, this is a myth, a lie and ignorant
"I am going to fight for my religion," said no one whatsoever
No it is not
It will be like Tokyo if construction boom continues and mid-rises keep being replaced by high-rises and skyscrapers.
” LOUDLY IN SLANG TURKISH
I believe you’re better than this
It could be because Uzbek (Karluk branch, same as Uyghur) borders Turkmen (Oghuz branch, same as Turkish and Azeri)
In America they'd hold signs on sticks about this in the streets.
He will never follow through
Anatolia has served 3 very important land trade routes which are: Silk Road between China and Anatolia, Royal Road by Darius I. and Spice Roads (mostly by the coast)
If you have a hard time understanding, this would be like us openly declaring that the terror attack in Belgium was an "armed struggle" and not terrorism.
Also, Art 4 states that provision of Article 1 (with two other aritcles, 2 and 3
Erdoğan is getting weaker, i hope he wont be our president in a few years
Yea, no
You can't avoid it
(or a businessman) There's a very well known story regarding this, when the Azerbaijani President visited Turkey in the 90's, he called the Turkish President "my pezevenk brother" (my pimp brother) in his speech during a state dinner and the Turkish President responded saying "Siz de az pezevenk değilsiniz" (You're not less of a pimp yourselves)
No, I wouldn't want to worry about my life in case I happen to have a serious illness in the future
Can't make this shit up
And the government is helping them worth of billioms of dollars while its own citizens try to end a month with a minimum wage of $350
This "event" largely resulted in the current intellectual divide between Turkish urban and rural people, and everything leading up to Erdoğan becoming PM.
Well, i didnt know that till u say
This obsession with Istanbul is as pathetic as the Ottoman dream of Erdogan.
As a Turkish, I can understand at least 90% of an Azerbaijani text, but it's tiring because of their slightly different alphabeth and some of different words
I have to say that most of our people doesnt pray daily
UK have tons of stolen artifacts around the world and should give them back
It is mostly available to countries that have coasts to the oceans
Yes
Azerbaijan, whether it's football or things like Eurovision
Definitely would be amazing
When education was more centralized Tıbbiye was kinda independent so doctors as a community did whatever they thought was right without much regards to laws.
Then you guys shouldn't have supported and congratulated AKP for its "democratic rule" for years when every single secular people in the country was shouting THEY WANT AN ISLAMIC DICTATORSHIP in your ears.
Again, he is not trying to change them now.
Husbands usually don’t come unless it was weekend
Hoi4: USA, UK, Japan, Italy, USSR, China, Yugoslavia
You need to go back to medival europe to see actual Catholicism or just look at today catholic african countries .
That's what we're hoping
Keep the star and crescent but make the colour blue
No, but other Turks might like the idea
The Turkish education system gives a lot of details and information, but it is VERY poor at explaining the wider international context
Turkish war of independence, resulting to the formation of the secular republic and start of the reformation era led by one of the most influental person of the 20th century, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Or the Midnight Express route, which
Imagine you live there and your view from window is only walls of buildings next to you
Keep in mind that ottomans weren't doing that well themselves and we also have 0 relations with Ireland
Yet Turkish does not belong to that tree, it has its own tree and family
Kemalists are very cemented about being secular, trust me.
I mean maybe like 20-30 years ago, but honestly the CHP voters today are the Turkish tourists you see in Greece ever year
Eyes and nose
That concept is alien to Turkish speakers
look so different and exotic, even alien, as if it was from a different planet
I feel bad about how the Greek government doesn't crack down on the illegal immigrant hubs such as in Omonia.
[The billboard ]
> That's a bit tough statement
"Its almost harvesting season
That’s another challenge of the app
and where are you from
Even though I disagree with you on the potential for abuse.
It only happens in rural towns
These people created a culture which can’t be seen in today’s life but if you look for it, you will find these people in the city
For comparision, Turkey’s population grew about 8 times in 100 years(10 million to 83 million), while Istanbul grew 20 times(900,000 to 18 million estimated)
Didn't realize we sucked that bad
I acted like I wasn't from Turkey.
> Hey, Wolf
At geography like that it kinda becomes meaningless if a country's European or not
Though I would like to give some of classic foreign names’ transformation into Turkish
When Turks arrived in Anatolia, Byzantine Greeks called themselves Romanoi.
Back in 1910s when average Frenchman or a German was either a farmer or an industrial worker, it would be unlikely for him to ever travel to France/Germany to meet the "enemies" and cultural exchanges etc.
Even though I am in Latvia now the sight of a group of teenagers makes me feel uneasy
Hell, there is not even a narrative like “AKP fixed 2001 crisis” in Turkey, people talk about and give that credit to Kemal Derviş and say AKP continued his economic policies
All of our food is export even though we have agriculture
If skyscrapers were a sign of development, believe me, Istanbul would be the best place in the world to live
So many things that I can't list here without getting exhausted
Other than that I think we are very close with Azerbaijan and we call Northern Cyprus "our baby homeland".
35 million megapol where people living in 10 m^2 flats!
Human rights might want to have a word with you.
I thought I was the only one
it affects all tax paying citizens assuming theyre not just showing up at your country and carrying on with their lives where they left off.
Turkish here
This is fucking disgusting
Malta aint much bigger than Luxemburg either
We had 3 subjects and one option to each as Math, Balanced and Literature
Why has the world come to this
In Turkey, it is also New Year's Eve
But I would not trust it as Kurdish voters are generally conservative and might actually support Erdoğan
Because of this, refined and nuanced handling as a result of more sophisticated suspension design isn’t stressed
But there are LOADS AND LOADS of Turks who look like White Europeans
that's really cheap (for denmark).
We need to replace these statues with monuments (whether humans or not) that we can objectively agree are of virtuous figures who helped develop solidarity, education, egalitarianism, health and social services, equality etc
Happens when you have a superpower at your back forcing you to do so.
I guess it depends on what pro-Turkish means, like any other term on this map.
First one is from 1974, by the band **3 Hürel**, an all time star rock band composed of three brothers
So it's still kind of dilemma for me
Don't know anyone else except for some classical music composers and pianists
Our memes are really shit
While USA develops equipment by standing on previous technology we have to develop technology from zero but after few year a decade two we will also have something to stand on
Not that you asked, but younger people seem more nostalgic about the Ottoman Empire than the older generation who are more devoted to the Turkish Republic
is this old
3) Belly dancers and camels
It seems they have some sort of a "German, good, non-German, bad" mentality while interpreting daily or professional occurrences
Well, Europe is kind of the best place to be as long as your melanin level is below a certain amount.
Agree with everything except Azeri(?) sounds like the opposite of the way Ottoman elite were speaking
One of my favourite mezes is octopus salad
There are worse parts of South-East Turkey that suffer from terrorism but my mother's family is from a town called Kilis that had a population of ~100k but now hosts around 150k Syrian refugees due to proximity to the Syrian border
Also,do you deny PKK supporters at gezi?
How many different accounts you have here?
There are mostly dogs, cats and birds on the streets and occasionally squirrels in parks
Austria ,Hungary or germany .they has beautifull roads
Turks and Greeks do not hate eachother
Oh by the way, there already hundreds of nuclear powerplants, especially in France there are plenty
We use it as just mail instead
Well just checked and you are right.
Not for a day but like a weekend of hiking
Moreover, even if they somehow died, they'd still deserve respect
At least for us having good relationship with neighbours helps a lot even if you won’t expected it
There is a mentality that we/our ancestors (Muslims/Ottomans/Turks, depending on who you ask) always make the morally correct decisions.
So, most elements out there "make sense" but the vast majority talked about in daily life do not, hydrogen and helium being notable exceptions
Islam is a religion and also an ideology
The AKP, with it's parliamentary majority collects all the Income taxes, VAT (KDV), Alcohol and Gas taxes.
You are right
"  These people only lead to polarization
You can hire a street vendor instead of a MBA graduate for your companies CEO position
The majority of answers found it negative.
We have some
It was a known public opinion in both countries that they were each others biggest enemies
How serious or dangerous is this now
Fortunately/unfortunately, as the economy gets worse, those dumbfucks change their minds
Also, any Middle Eastern newspaper will shit on Israel, that’s just a given
And the thing is, they aren't even aware of how bad and outdated it looks
~~inclu~~d~~es austria~~
It's the time of bullets now, not ballots.
"If we built a statue of this guy, there won't be enough  concrete to build his balls
So much leverage that we still haven't seen any of that aid money for Syrians.
you are the real deal people
For Georgia i have used these 2 maps
Important and hard part is getting it to pass.
But others that be don't think
That's very elaborate project
Built tram line
If not, I don't think you can
This isn't surprising, I've seen people eat rice and pasta with bread (as sandwiches).
The coup leaders created the "Turkish-Islamic Synthesis" that considered Islam an essential part of Turkish culture
Most likely, you'll keep having them in the future as well
Mongol blood is stronk with this one
Now thats a little bit too far.
Just today, a young student made it to the internet news for getting fired due to his tattoos
We're out here, hoping to be democratic again but instead more countries are starting to be like us
You're missing the point of propaganda.
In today's world, skyscrapers are surely needed in some of bigger cities but I think their number should be limited and they need to be built in a way that doesn't harm the overall harmony of the cityscape
Which is why, as soon as they figure out someone is foreign, they switch to their language or at least to English.
So you admit it wasn't "Turks renaming their state" nor it was just "Armenians and Greeks taking back their lands" why were you making misleading comments then?
By all means they were Ottomans, who rebelled against the state.
So just like scottish and english
You must've forgot we are allies with Azerbaijan
It's the keystone of Japanese occupation of pasific
For example words ending with -tion
Then give me numbers, if there is a genocide show me how many have been "cleansed", how many have been killed
Remember, every empire has had a final day
Yeah but our conversation wasn't even about that initially, it started with me describing Central Asia as the "ancestral homeland" of the Turks and you objecting
You think that's enormous
If it's for deescalation people shouldn't worry about egos.
We have a plentiful supply of drama and romance movies, with a fair touch of comedy thanks to Cem Yılmaz, and an almost annual production of some Great War/Ataturk/Çanakkale war romance or drama movie
There are plenty of kurdish people in turkey
The English often pronounce it like Sophia
If I lived in Germany I would just turn my head away and keep living in peace
There is just way too much misinformation being spread by people so it can fit their own agenda
They only see the development in Turkey these past 10 years and think Erdogan is great while ignoring all the lack of freedom of media,speech and any justice.
And nuclear energy is the only possible solution right now
[Please] we are the number 1 in oversized dictator palaces but at least Putin's is prettier
But foreign state schools used to celebrate Christmas before, why don't allow now?
Wow, I finally found someone from Salihli on the Internet.
I’m sorry but that’s so metal
btw the 97% is the data from the id cards.
The guy never even bothered to hide his intentions
Let me in
it doesn't work for me
All these for just a stupid cartoon
name it music, movies, books, tv-series etc.
For example you can look Atatürk's letter to an Anzac's mother
Welcome to the club komşu
I think the question is about whether or not you've read an entire novel rather than a school book during a course.
But, be realistic please
Idk percentage but in Turkey they raised tax for tobacco products changed packs to black and put disgusting photos and they banned to sell rolled packs of cigs(they used to sell in tobacco shops it was about 1/4 price of market ones(5₺) ) I was going to buy one back about one month ago but I couldn't afford pack and rolled ones are banned
As you yourself tell, there is no one single Turkey (since you say that Turkey could not be a nation state), but then you make petty ad-hominem arguments about how I am yearning to be European and Western (which I am not, far from it — I think Turkey is best served by being its own thing), implying that your view of Turkey is the only one that matters
The Uyghur language is related to the Turkish language to the extent that you can hold an extremely slow, basic conversation; but it is also not similar enough
If the bill passes it'll take a quite a long time to reverse the damage it's gonna cause.
In Ethnic nationalism you don't try to assimilate people my friend.
New videos
Looking at his comment history, probably mass deportations.
Şaşal - Bottled water
Yeah, half of Europe has a bone to pick with those pagans.
you still have your windchill and rain but that's about it
Lol i'll remember to use thst term if i'll ever be in Milan and wait at the queue in McDonalds right across the duomo again
Should I say to the German/French/Dutch etc people that they are nationalistic
This historic part of Amasya was restored to be a popular tourist destination.
Flying the flag of the terrorist leader Abdullah Ocalan is pretty offensive, this is not about Erdoğan.
not even getting wien for western focus
Because, we straight read the word
That said,
I  believe we can say the same for the Çok da fifi
That must explain why not every citizen was treated equally!
Turkey has quite a few languages despite the latest homogenisation of the culture
This is higher than it normally is but not that much.Young generation usually goes to cinema but that % is a lot less in old generation.Also a lot of people watch movies on tv and internet but don't go to cinema.I usually go to cinema for big movies like Star Wars but watch normal movies from netflix.
Erdogan doesn't have a degree
For example many westerners these days seem to love Putin.
Aga tabiki demokrasi en iyisi
I will admit the naturalisation numbers were much higher then I remember.
Wtf I didn't know Greeks were based and redpilled
For some Erdogan, for some Kılıçdaroğlu, for some Babacan
Last and not least, I know people in Turkey who have summer houses in Cyprus
Now that's off the table (yeah Erdoğan talks about it but he doesn't get a say) but still agreement seems far.
In that years the left and right wing fights happened everday
We aren't called a bridge for nothing
1 dönüm (ottoman standard) = 919 m²
mediterranian is a silent battlefield in these days buddy  :)
there's just no investments because they think it's not a "thrustworthy market"
It's not in his interest as Graham is a fierce critic of Turkey as I said
> ugh, i thought only some tax haven carraibean islands do that :/ that's not how it should work
I personally like how Italy, Greece and Japan looks
We took them as refugees from iberia in 1450's. But yeah Assyrians, Kurds and the other tiny things
Which means truth is defined by those with power
no theyre equally passionate followers of islam.
Germany didin't even want to include us in the guest worker invitation, but was forced by the U.S to do so.
She claims to be art performer or something like that in her instagram page.
welp, at least the figure looks genetically correct (chinky eyes).
And I can easily say this for most of Turkey's population
Edit for Context:
It’s also not independence war but liberation war which is very minor mistake but a lot of our historians try to fix this for a long time including Halil Inalcık himself but west seems to no give a fuck
He's literally honoring a regime that killed thousands of his people
* Erdogan responded by saying that it sounded very exagerrated
Granted, my high school had lockers in classes
Ok thank you i thought this is about sizes but it turns out it was mostly about positions.
I am sure people  reported it to mods yet its been around for almost a whole day
I think it is one of the goals of this attacks.
We have a march culture in Turkey since the foundation of Mehteran band in the Ottoman Empire many great songs were composed by Turks or Non Turks my favorites are from the 19th and 20th century of the Empire
I really do wonder that too
let's not anger the dictator/acknowledge the armenian genocide/defend our values because we would be giving them the reason.
From the people who brought us, then adamantly denied, the Armenian Genocide.
The reason as to why American cars aren’t as “good” as European, specifically German cars has more to do with geography than you think
Jerusalem = Kudüs
Now, the bulk of the AKP voter base is mobilized in a nationalistic fervor and in Turkey that means more secularism.
I would have thought the Romanians became Christians before the Russians/Ukranians.
To be honest every street in Amsterdam smells weed
The thing about "lack of press freedom" here is that it's more sinister than many people think.
Dancing in weddings
Is 43 Madrid
I sense something in here
Renewable are great, but they aren't waste free.
One small group of millitants =/= entire ethnic group
The name ''Kağan'' they mis-pronounce it by writing Kaan''
It looks like he's still losing by a formidable margin.
They made the situation so bad, mods outright ban you in history subs if you even DISCUSS the genocide, like the numbers and "operations". Shame
It might not be AKP fixed the 2001 crisis but it is the narrative that they made the economy grow, which was mostly thanks to the pre-AKP reforms under the DSP-MHP-ANAP government, the economic boom Turkey experienced would have happened largely under the DSP-ANAP-MHP governemnt if the election had taken palce in 2004
No matter who you elect some people in the country will very much oppose that person and their policies.
(And a tip never trust the taxi drivers
*alo* or *efendim*.
[Black Earth]
Who owns these multinationals
99% OK drivers in Istanbul is a pretty big upgrade for me
being a member of erdogan's political party
Different
And carries m1 garand by his side in a briefcase
My first comment on reddit, been here more than 1 year indeed, just haven't posted nothing
It is not his fault that we keep voting him in after all those crazy shit he does.
What in hell is this logic
These mosques are the finest examples of this era and the absolute peak of islamic architecture.
My immediate surroundings are very safe
that man had the audacity to kiss me from my cheek and grop me IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET while robbing me
same
3-Russia
It'll happen because simply lots of people ignored some basic safety rules
Without the exchange, Northern Greece and Western Turkey would have quite a lot of Greek/Turkish-majority areas
I have used [this wikipedia article] which list Armenian churches in Iran
How come the fact that far-right parties are foreign driver doesn't effect its popular base.
“Araba maraba alsaydınız keşke” I wish you could have bought vehicle something like car(etc
We have both i and ı which sounds totally different
my three years old nephew watches cartoons on youtube all by himself.
It’s not mandatory to vote as far as I know
amateur
This doesn't matter much on Reddit (since you can still click on the small "display image" button on posts to see the full images, though this is inconsisten from ISP to ISP, but even then you can consistently see images if you
1€ = 6
I don’t affirm anything other than protection of Turks and TRNC decision of reunion
Once I didn’t recognise my own language
Right now it is USA because of the coup but like every US supported Arabian dictatorships they try to play it.
I'm not "spitting hatred" I have no feelings of hatred or contempt towards Turks whatsoever, I'm stating facts about the pretty dire situation in Turkey with regards to their view of their neighbours and people who live among them.
And I'm not sure about the chronology, but the Russian Empire made the same claim too
And people've been voting for him since [22 years]ökçek)
Supporters of Erdogan like to stress that we are a 99% percent Muslim country (a terribly wrong and alienating estimate based solely on what is written on ID cards, which is Muslim by default unless your parents are of a different religion) while I'd say that a sizeable portion of the population is agnostic or deist in practice
India but its more of a trivia
Hmmm
None are complete successors to the Ottoman Empire
Turkey is not a party to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
people often mix kurds with zaza, alawi and other minorities living in eastern part of turkey
And that helped a lot with Bulgaria
I was in a small town and the machine was broken apparently so I had to wait for
Nice, we never talked about Mesoamericans, I think or I just don't remember
I always see them
But when other Kurdish militant groups such as TAK which has absolutely no connections with the PKK (excluding the fact that one of the suicide bombers who killed many civilians in terror attacks in Ankara and Istanbul have pictures along with the PKK militants in Qandil mountains) it's still not the fault of the PKK because the PKK dindu nuffin!
It is yoghurt with water and salt
Yay
Everytime
İstanbul has both Iraq-like and Europe like parts, İzmir is good but used to be much better when I was a kid in 90s.
It is a weird way to join the EU
Russia is also Europe, so as Turkey, and Portugal, and Belarus
We have to move on, it's going to mean the end if it's according to his plan anymore
edit: serbia wasnt in the warsaw pack my bad
Say hello to my little friend
I like this cartoon
Cypriots Turks consistently elect anti-Erdogan candidates (I think)  so I have some hope, but I wish turkey did some more pushing and prodding to make both sides come to an actual conclusion
Meet Turkish chef Nusret Gökçe, aka #SaltBae.
Liechenstein's is a Turkish guy and has nothing to do with the country.
Greece
> I do
Like execution of apostates and stoning stuff was around 20% of that 12%.
It is also a fact that Turkish language and culture are very different for someone never heard of them
Ironic, isn't it
But it is kinda hard to get to so tourists dont really go there
but stray dogs are kind of a problem but cats are lovely
We have so much common with him.
I know we will lose; but i'll dream about "no" winning the referandum until "yes" wins.
You have a good argue, i respect that but you must also consider the difference between a direct swearing and an insult within the opposition text post (?).
Is Deustche Welle mainstream popular?
bad traffic (everyone want ride car)
I don't really think this map is accurate.
Erdogan was quite in favour of Western values up until around 2011 - talks with the EU was going so good that many were hopeful we would be in the EU in a few years
I don't have much time to learn it so I'm looking into universities that give English courses.
Talk about going backwards
Balkan nations kicked them out when they got independence.
I see an Italian basically as a christinified Turk as we have very similar cultures except for a different religion
Highly possible
[I got perma ban and was reported for this comment lol]
Tulips are Turkish you twat!!!!11111
We celebrate the New year's day(1st of january "Yılbaşı" in Turkish) this is Christmas(25th of december "Noel" in Turkish).It is different but old Turks used to de decorate trees on 22nd of december(It is called Narudgan and many Turkic people still do it) and this decision is just stupid.Also Santa is from modern day Turkey and people use it for tourism but our great leaders can't understand it.So is part of our culture only Arab wannabes(Not Muslims) claim it is not part of our cultrue and they try to trick people into beliving it.
A similar thing exists within conscription traditions
So articles like this got old already.
It's not gay as long as you're the dominant one.
I shall never forget Guernica
Apperently we pronounce archieve like French not English
Sammatti FI
Fuck the governments who don't want Cyprus to be free
All except West ?
Africa conquests, with a pinch of old Middle Asian Turkic genes.
I like how you can change the sentence order based on your emphasis
\-cons: low wage, heavy working conditions, education system, traffic, air pollution, economy, government, ignorant people, ultra-nationalist people, taxes and high vat
At the moment, I can't do anything besides voting against Erdoğan and trying to understand his supporters and maybe converting them if I can.
#AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I could be the leader of the Galatasaray Fan Club, but what some of my fan club members do might have nothing to do with me.
Which is funny, because Melancholy comes from Greek Melas+Khole, which literally means black bile.
But most people take it anyway because It's an easy subject and it increases your average test results
yep, i visited some schools in Istanbul recently and most had 40~ students per class
Yoğurt - Greece
I am not sure if it is correct or not
It just felt weird and disgusting to me
If you said to a torrenter "you are a thief" he'd just look at you like you said the world is flat or something
I would like to tell that I am %100 agreeing
Yes
US, Russia, UK, France, Canada, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates etc, it's basically a free-for-all battle royale territory at this point
Aptitude/cultural questions, questions that would easily determine whether someone is conservative in character.
Right now they might be quite expensive but on the long run we will profit
This is normal thing to learn
It doesn't have anything
i think our flag kinda looks arabic with star and cresent and i know that it's not about islam at all
Ottoman Empire would be present with a constuional monarchy and his balkan lands
We call Cpyriot and Anatolian Greeks "Rum"(Roman) but mainland Greeks from Greece are called Yunan/Ionian
r/IRLEasterEggs
It really is an amazing country
we have Batman
We sided with you, Qatar and the British on Mediterranian
[Fixed it
And therefore very gorgeous
There is no point in trying to invade an entire country which also happens to be one of the biggest in Europe in terms of landmass
It was forbidden to wear headscarf or any religious dress while working in government bodies and students with a headscarf were not allowed in universities till 2008
Fair enough
I think you meant mayor instead of major
Germany is unlikely and Netherlands had its result.
Its cartoon was aired in Turkey.
Nerelisin
i can even hear the post-coitus whimpers of my neighbours .
I sense pettiness in this comment
Not even a single "Turkey is not Europe" comment, yeaaaaaaaah based
Weather is amazing and people are nice
I am sorry, I am kind of in hurry but here is a wiki page:
EU secret plans against Turkey's territorial integrity confirmed.
There is a small movement about this situation but it isn't well heard as far as I know
I hope I can help you understand Turkey's point
Bro I literally made the same joke today FUCK
There are also municipalities own maps which based on OpenStreetMap but with real traffic data
their understanding of tips is limited to coins
Not to mention The Barbarian İnvasion, or first and more than half of our historical data were learned from Chinese sources
The smell of cooking kebab or doner
You are seriously underestimating the number of European looking Turks
I am sure nothing can change this fast
our best room in the house is called "guest room"...so, yes, we do value our guests a lot :)
Huh
I go with do not believe
I don't know, people seem to have wildly different opinions about it
Killicdaroglu is stupid, thank to him, CHP will be labelled HDP/PKK partisan.
There are plenty of churches and mosques in the area if anyone needs one.
Turkey moment
What's this abomination
1 euro equals to fucking 6 tl here
ugliest and soulless cities in turkey are the ones with no tangible history and became boomtowns because of the industry.
what is a mink exactly
Lmao I pretty much have zero respect for Turkey and always expect the worst but still at least two times each year even I am flabbergasted.
He banned coffee, alcohol and tobacco
The mouth is the border with Luxembourg and the east is a big back of the head, Bavaria looks like the back of the neck and Baden-Wurttemburg is the front
Not even counting the tens of thousands illegal Armenians in the country.
don’t go eastern cities where the kurds are majority and in west turkey just avoid where the kurds, gypsies and romans live, just a couple of neighbourhoods
We learn some stuff about your country
He had no idea how the hell they knew he was living there.
Well, it's very unlikely for Poutou to actually get even close to winning the elections, so I doubt banks have any qualms about that.
- nåååååååh!
Everyone should see the well-known sights in Istanbul
but it's also obvious Europe is not trending like 90s and early millenium.
There is a lake called 'Tuz Gölü', which means Salt Lake which a left over from that era
The other changes is probably exaggerated.
Depends on where you are,
What are some good rock/metal songs from your country for my playlist ?
Yes homo
I think those bidets are stupid.
Turkey was simply neutral during WW2, what are you referring to?
Also, We don't have grammatical genders
Because 95% think Mohammed the prophet is actually a role model worth following.
Are you guys okay
And when I look at USA all I see is "centre-right versus right".
Supporting an authoritarian/Islamic party while you're enjoying freedom in a country like Netherlands...
Depends on where
Kicking Hungary out of EU isn't going to kick Orban out of Hungary
Its really beautifull, still needs some renovation tho
I did not explain the full situation because i dont have to
And both sides need to start compromising
I hope this case won't turn into something like Gezi Parkı olayları in Turkey
But the Dutch literally built their country
Artyom
I spent 6 hours there and would have probably stayed much longer if I didn't have other plans
I'm guessing you're a diaspora Turk yourself if you have such a twisted view on our country.
/r/thenetherlands, not /r/nederland?
Many hours passed still no confirmation has come
Kemalists have always been and always will be in opposition to him as voters.
For me idk
But the ''kurdish existence'' this article speaks of is actually an insurgency, recognised as a terrorist organization by US and UN
It is a highly romanticized era, I would like to see how good we were at time
I don't know if you guys have the same problem with church bells
Overall, for a common person its good news
i call bullshit
İstanbul for history, religions skyscrapers and modernism
Brothels are legal in Turkey, street prostitution and other kinds are illegal for both buyer and seller.
Quality content
I dunno, Trump has a bone to pick with China.
Do you want me to swear to him here?
Adorable
School typically starts at 9
How about making it as useful and productive as NASA first
I need much more information about that subject
Anti-secularization policies were started back in 1950s, but thankfully, they weren't able to make much progress since they were acting against Ataturk's reforms and they dragged Turkey into an enormous economic crisis that effected 70% of the population, which led to a coup taking over in 1960
I'm learning it at a starter level and even at that point I think it has some unique features when heard
I thought it's a shoot from Bannerlord
Turkish Republic is a humanitarian, Kemalist Nationalist, secular, social and law-bound state within the context of social solidarity and peace
[Alexander Kebab]
I wish, i could write some jokes about Erdogan but i don't wanna find myself in prison at 3 in the morning
Erdogan does not trust NATO, he knows he is a regional power and whole this shitshow is happening on the region he is the most powerful
Not even mentioning %100 of their land being in different continents, thousands of kms away from Europe
The book was made mandatory by Atatürk in the 1930s. It isn't mandatory now but still, some schools make us read it
NO ! Not The Sea of Marmara
Homosexual relationships were common enough and wasn't shunned in Ottoman era because or Persian cultural influences
I assume they're not much open to residents of the country but other Turks
I just googled Poland before looking at this map, if it makes you happy
It's not how it works in winter:( Many people cannot see sunlight when they coming back from their work
this flag not created by turks but its historical and everybody hate this
Less crowded streets, cooler places to hangout and many historic buildings.
Yeah radical left parties and the Nazis are the same thing.
Sometimes they even tryna trap local people if they don't know around very well
Today is [Berkin Elvan] birthday which is why I think it is DHKP-C.
Some hackers uploaded the mails of minister of energy and natural resources, who is also Erdoğan's son-in-law, to GitHub and other cloud services.
So maybe something like Turkia, Turkland
Not exactly somewhere you'd want to be if around 3-4% are the exact people you're running from.
It used to be just a small town in Ottoman times so there's nothing but buildings
This filled the place for Finland for now unless something better will come
Pulli FI
The absolute worst about these is your relative that you've never heard of says stuff like "Oturmaya mı geldik
This, while makes me uneasy, isn't offensive.
Turkey is European and Asian, Spain is European and African.
We have a city called Batman and batman doesnt even live there
Comfortable
If Turkey was in list, it would be on top
"Turkey is getting more secular" is completely false argument.
"I vow to thee, my country
We don’t even go to school trips in my city
That's why I showed that as an example.
That unique culture lingers on
But why ?
Syrian Kurds(PYD) has publicly shown their support toward to PKK(which is recognised as an terrorist group in USA and EU)
Legal guardians are required by law to provide for their children
Tea can be consumed at any time of the day in Turkey
Oh really, we never went that deep
But with current youth, he's nothing but a mockery
We have an extended State of Emergency
It's not like red cities are empty deserts
Badass in Turkish
at least it was for me
You don't need to google someone who you already know well.
Just soulless apartment blocks
The history of revolutions in France never ceases to amaze me
İstanbul is Normal/Typical
this whole issue is only discussed on the international platforms like this.
Now i imagine them speaking in scottish accent
But, legit Earthquakes are terrifying.
And of course there is Cyprus
1 euro equals to fucking 6 tl here
In America they would have ran over his bike a couple of extra times and arrested him for resisting arrest
IDK why we re still contacting for this
I've never had a debate over how a Turkish word is pronounced
Meanwhile in Turkey: We are afraid of protesting despite the government f*cking us everyday
Apple tea
1-Turkey and Greece won't go to war.
MHP does not have a rhetoric that emphasizes invading at all directions.
Yes, but it is considered “yavru vatan” - “offspring/child homeland”
and you won't find a theatre, maybe one or two.
I don’t like Erdogan
"The place God forgot about":
>And if you go to the interior is like Iran or Afghanistan
I am a Turkish nationalist
I remember my windows shaking while the jets flew above
Because most common food for an average Turk is, guess what
For Turkey it is 42.Which is very high.[source]
For the negotiations before AKP we were negotiating to enter the single-market which would've lead into the EU negotiations and almost every party other RP and maybe MHP had a goal to enter the EU so those reforms would have happened no matter what
But how can we blame his supporters when he himself uses the same language
Hah, if only it was Voldemort lol
It's because Turkish Coffee is famous around the world
I want to live in a post-"post" world.
So it is not about the conversation/language is not understood because it sounds like "French" but conversation is not understood because the listener is a "French".
They're under political pressure though.
He wanted to enlist Turkey on the axis side like Italy?
But never heard about comics
I first began to learn English at school at 11 years old but until 20,I can't speak,read books and can't watch series and movies
Seeing this from turkey
He was a famous admiral, and Reis here stands for captain.
When your room got messy in short time like you did some project and asked your mum to clean it, when your mum sees it, she would say “Did bomb drop here
They shouldn't have been in the parliement in the first place
He’s done more harm to the country than any other
Cats and dogs are live happily
We talk about  how our ancestors were great soldier and how they ruled the world
Maybe if that comment was under some article I would have agreed but context is everything it doesn't take a genius to see that under a picture of dead bodies it clearly glorifies what's happening in it.
Don't remind me smh
A Slovenian friend of mine once admitted having washed his hands with the little tap inside the toilet
Eastern Turkey is pretty neglected.
English is nice but it would be better if it was french honestly
My mum keeps it in a box, together with my baby clothes.
We have 80 million population and football is the most played sport but still we suck at it
Well Mexicans are in large part Amerindian.
'I guess you're pretty cool, don't come to the embassy on monday.'
+Endless malign construction in Istanbul
Any accent from the middle, north, or east of the country stresses me out, I need to adjust for a few hours in those cities, in the worst cases I can only understand half of what they're saying
There were a lot of tourists especially in Istanbul before covid and tourism is just a big money source for the country
they're taking what's theirs
But Ephesos, by far, is the most amazing place I've ever been to
Well, his movement isn't doing fine anymore.
Anti-semitism in 19th century
Myself
Gulen did condemned the Coup just as it happened.
Surprised no one said Turkish
From Ottoman Empire actually
Turkmen: It's very close and I can understand it pretty well written, spoken it's a little harder
in turkey we have this odd custom to write one's surname in capitals (e.g.
Yet no one gives us two the credit; when two subreddits were at war
We won against invaders, and we are a great republic now
Its flag is a white crescent and star and red flag, the shape of which is specified in the law
Our internal affairs are also a mess
I wonder what it is going to be this time.
it is rough to leave the place you were born and grew up in yes, but it is preferable to working a dead-end job
Now we are just dreaming of living above poverty line
With that logic might as well refuse everyone.
Açıklamasını yayınlayabilirim videosu var ama bunu insan değil.
This is a very shitty situation but you should know why Turkey is doing this
Our relationship with Russia is nothing more than strategic
World should be thankful for Turks keeping Russia out of Anatolia and Mediterranean.
Excellent point and my exact feelings
No matter if they are games/films/books
But this doesn’t make them terrorist
How long can average Turk trace his ancestry?
I missed that taste so much
From this thread it seems like even first world countries suffer from propaganda in religious lessons
And the thing is, they aren't even aware of how bad and outdated it looks
I can’t decide if Aegean or Mediterranean Region is the best
No, because "Ottoman" only applied to the Royals of the house of Osman.
When you come to visit your significant other’s family to ask their permission to marry, your SO makes coffee to serve
Here's a trivia then: sıra means ''turn'' in Turkish
A separate entity on its own
“There is no force in religion” my ass
Like the other guy said, yes and no.
Its literally right next to you
My hometown bolu has the tomb of hannibal barka
Sorry i didn't see your message until now(that is why it took me so long to reply)
He wouldn't say "you are wrong" he would just be puzzled
What happens if a kid gets cancer and the parents don't want the treatment
They just had been brought to Germany by Turkish diaspora, so it seems wrong to say those are german cuisine just because they are popular in Germany
The one in Dark Souls 3
However, apart from that, Turkey can benefit greatly from closer relations with Europe economically, scientifically, and socially.
Germany in France, Netherlands, Poland and the Czech
So it's always ironic that on a forum that is about Pan-European identity, an identity shaped by aforementioned progressive values, that people display such toxic non-progressive behaviour
In Turkey, in schools they don't really teach about Ottoman defeats until 17th century.
How "unidentified" is this really
it doesnt suprise me at all that seems like something erdoğan would do
Because its Istanbul bro
And here our president who believes building presidential palaces improve the international standing
And it's evidence for the court buddy.
There was a campaign to send letters to Ukrainian prisoners of Kremlin.
He died.RIP(Source Turkish news).
Remove kebab but it is reverse
It has come to a point that status quo has become unacceptable and I think it is going to blow up on our face.
In any case, even if you count the European part only it'd be the most populous Balkan city
*Ottoman Empire intensifies*
There are just a handful of people left, who continue ancient traditions.
*Bajilion upvotes, hundreds of awards*
you're like 100 percent correct but when i look at the foreign people in my country they quickly become one of us.
As I said it's really tense and the country is extremely polarised.
Country: Domestic violence is overlooked a lot by the government
I know what kind of a threat that Erdoğan poses to democracy and European values but I view accessing EU is a tool for making my country a better place, a place of my ideals.
Also what do you mean since the end of Ottomans
Hope it can save us :(
Btw lucikly reddit users don't rule their countries, as Bulgaria is friendly with Turkey in real life
When it does, I wanna peel my skin off though
One of the last ones, Abdülhamit II, which is so praised today sold Cyprus to UK for gold
I don’t affirm anything other than protection of Turks and TRNC decision of reunion
Democracy is the only thing that should remove democratically elected leaders, I can't believe I have to argue about this.
They kill innocent people, children, teachers, ambush ambulances
" which means "One nation, two state
Nationally:
5 million Syrians
It's the voters responsibility to weed out misinformation before making decisions
There are other historical schools in Turkey that were founded by people from other nations such as the American Robert High School (I went there), we would even be graded in the A to F scale (other schools don't do this).
Even before click that article I knew that they might be immigrants.
I use vpn to do research
I don't see Turkey as continuation of Ottoman Empire, rather a country that gained independence from it like all the others (you could say the Bulgarians or the Arabs also got Ottoman education and background
I know about the flags use in anarchist circles but it's still amusing to see it being used by such different movements.
Africa
I happy now that I have gotten rid off this part of my past
Recently our local municipality decided to greet new student with a billboard at the entrance of the town
I identify with my city
Those who study at state schools don't really have much chance to learn stuff :(
Chicken Breast Pudding/Tavuk Göğsü is a dessert made with Chicken Breast, milk, sugar and flour
So do we agree that Finland exists
France let the Turkish Foreign Minister plane land in eastern city of Metz on Sunday where a rally is planned.
We generally think of Turkey as [seven] regions.
Gotta admit, I think it's a funny joke.
Unfortunately I wasn't able find one unanimously hated as whenever I typed something about an MP commiting a crime HDP MPs getting arrested came out and most of those cases are very controversial and imo are false charges
I have chosen Math because I wanted to be an architect
It's probably they just follow Atatürk's words.
Never heard about lootings of the shops actually.
> So countries like USA and Canada are kinda European as they share religious values (christianity)
"If we built a statue of this guy, there won't be enough  concrete to build his balls
Protecting the people and their property
When Ataturk formed the Republic of Turkey, he envisioned a modern, democratic, secular country.
So when they cops "get theirs" they go back to beating down their fellow countrymen in exchange for the rich man's money
I used to be a bit idealist about it and tried to go full English, but then again when you are surrounded by straight out of 4-year university with no IT skill Sato-kuns, you succumb to atrocities like *isKaishi,* *GenchakuCheck(), cdRoll* ^((not "role" sadly))*.*
Treaty of Sevres was way worse than Treaty of Versailles
In Turkey, there are stray packs almost everywhere
Well, I like them in Turkish
Azerbaijani: I can pretty much understand it without effort
Finally, foreigners call him as Tayyip, not Erdogan.
Are you the same guy who keeps popping up at every thread related to Turkey and blame Kemalists for everything?
It does seem to be a charade mostly.
now these syrian refugees may get integrated aswell like the ones we already have.
And Portuguese is almost unintelligible(at least for me)
#Where Woman
" -Süleyman Demirel
We call Cpyriot and Anatolian Greeks "Rum"(Roman) but mainland Greeks from Greece are called Yunan/Ionian
He is the one who just flies in the open space outside of a space rocket
And there is no civil war there to create an overflow of muslim immigrants.
Still an amazing job though
Trust me they know what they're doing.
This is fine
Depends which line of my family is considered
In 1983 the government legalized it but not much changed, state hospitals were doing on demand abortion anyway.
There is no logic behind it
You Yugos wouldn't be spared either in that case.
France in 1791
And if you think you are, congratz
Anyways, I earned scholarships from some private schools; switched to one of them
Otherwise if they can, they will even help you save money that you worked for
They have the most ridiculous rap songs I have ever listened and dress like black dudes of the hood from america.
We haven't noticed any difference at all with most other groups I can think
Señor Hilter
Sounds straight out of a sitcom
1) ornegin iki tane arkadas gecen seneki tatillerindeki komik bir olay hakkinda konusuyorlar
Considering that all those jeunes turcs whomare present empire would be reformed
French
I've seen videos on youtube where some orthodox looking american rabbis shift all the usual antisemitic conspiracy theories onto Frankists and Sabbateans.
I might also answer "tulip smell" but for that Netherlands is more fitting I guess
(Half of the Kurds & far leftist/liberal Turks with huge grey areas and ethno nationalistic/tribal nuances.
I bet my left testicle if their Kurdistan was established, they would be the biggest deniers.
Basically the Indo-Iranian spring and fertility celebrations
Not every one of them was ethnically Greek.For example Ataturks family was settled there and his family is originally from Central Anatolia.
It will be interesting referendum .
It's all surface level
Tripoli(Lebanon)= Trablusşam
We also have multiple thank yous in turkish
I know you're not American, you're even worse.
Everywhere and everything feels alive in this season
He is quite bothered by Turkey as well.
And probably start a new war in some 3rd world country and cause another migrant wave
You can finish it on a long bus ride
As I heard, while listening Azerbaijanis understand Turkish easier than we understand Azerbaijani
But not many people use it today
Lol now you definitely not know any history.
Edit: I also checked house prices in Lisbon and Porto just  in case I want to live there
are you greek
Kırıkkale=Brokencastle
*Olmaya devlet cihânda bir nefes sıhhât gibi*
And not just Istanbul , most of our city names have greek roots .
We are a country that smaller than 100, but we had a major change after war of independence
Doing my major in French definitely effed up my English skills
For the most part I don't think there is much difference with Turks in western Turkey and Greeks.
I don't know why our government decided on GMT+3
I remember the same crowd burning dollars when the Turkish currency was losing value.
Yes
Muğla: Bodrum
As you said they sold their weapons, and in some instances they just left them without taking anything in return.
Thoose are what I recall now
The commanders doing the coup stormed the state television , and made a reporter read the announcement live, on gunpoint
ottomans were already a buffer zone against the middle eastern countries.
Its difficult for a lot of people to pronounce letter like ö, ü ı and especlcialy ğ. Germans can easily pronounce this letters but u can hear that they are not Turkish by their accents
Pil = battery
Create a common enemy to ignore real problems such as economy
Even the dogs and sheep
Ünsal Ünlü. He's one of the very few news commentators left who can openly criticise the government today
Should i give a list
And we use Microsoft Teams
They need to check how this person and his family got to europe and why they were accepted in the first place
heh
Nothing will change, Turkey is the toady of the U.S, not the EU.
How so
They can at best spend the property taxes they collect in the districts they control, it's not enough to subsidize industry.
I think most people are also aware of things like sarma/dolma and börek, which are far more commonly eaten
Anyway, this thread isn't about that and I have no intention to discuss it here, but if you think slaughtering civilians is OK in any case there's something seriously wrong with you.
which is sort of like our treatment of Kurds.
As a pro eurasian I'm happy, With this election Turkey will be able to leave Nato and make an alliance with Russia and China
Lmao, most Turks lead primitive lifestyles and German cities are hell of a lot better than Turkish cities on a cultural and traditional sense.
Politics usually ends up with bashing the history, facts and heat arguments ends nowhere
No reason for it other than fulfilling Erdogan's power fantasy, and I'm pretty sure he wants it to be his tomb
I was and am still enjoying what I am doing
It's just that we don't give a shit about political correctness.
three biological parents goes directly against how GOD intended LIFE to be created.
etc
Sikildim = I got fucked
our capital city probably
We've got 2 to 4 lessons a day on Teams, also there are 3 government owned TV channels that streams lessons every day
Northern Cyprus - Cyprus/Greece
At the end we all get hungry which my grandma hates someone cooks for her so she would prepare the meal early in the morning
All I'm saying is skyscrapers kill the soul of cities and they look fucking ugly
Sippola FI
Other than citizen, celebrities are doing ads or public speeches to educate people and woman who is under abusive relationship to survive if there will be an attack like this
You do know that the Turkish independence war was also a revolt against the ottoman empire right
Rome
Yes, Turkey organized military operations in northern Syria (Rojava) to support Assad and the Ba'ath Party
] Claiming might result a civil war
>Just %15 of the populution have a fethish
I think it fits very nicely to your criteria, they are awesome
However it's more nuanced than that.
I am mostly talking about this subreddit
So it's okay if your son killed by a terrorist orginization and we don't have to talk about it
Similar situation here
Trump was better than let's say Bush or Obama
1-He won't do it.Erdo is just talk no action.
The city could use a lot of investment into utilities
It is a welfare state, first and foremost
Sure, Israel was our ally till AKP pop up
I'd be happily surprised though if any of these films attract any non-Turkish audience
Too bad nobody told them tourists come to see buildings like those not new age shit like [this]
In Eastern Mediterranian Sea, huge amount of natural gas reserves found a few yrs ago
Americans thought them racism is wrong after WW2 but they forgot to teach them racism isn't something you do only against Jews.
He sews
What do you think about secular Turks?
how do i activate my genitals
Maybe he did, explain the killing part.
Erdoğan has many Kurdish supporters and he won't try to genocide them.This conflict isn't TurkishvsKurdish conflict.It is a lot more complicated than that.
Kibar Feyzo from Turkey
It will probably take hours to explain what he did for us and my english is not that good when it comes to politics
I don’t see why tank project or helicopter can’t be as successful as our drone project
So you can see how making generalisations like this based on random internet commentaries you read in English might not be accurate, yes
Akşener is the normalizer leader we need in my opinion
Well that's nice
Well since it isn't the Sexy Leopold , I'm fine
if the economy tanks, his supporters will no longer stand behind him.
I mean come on, I didn't mistake them for Ugandans, why the long face?
> a full-blown, modern constitution
&#x200B;
Yes, there are even people named “Roket Atar/Rocket Launcher” and “Bok/Shit”
People don't want to pay like 1/6 of their wage on one video game
Hot take: Anything to the east of Czechia doesn't qualify as core Europe
Turkey got along better with Europe before AKP.
-Do not talk about religion with the old people specially in central anatolia
I believe the first time Turks fought alongside someone was with the Byzantines ironically but we know that didn't last so probably Arabs which started eith the Battle of Talas in 751 where Arabs and Turks fought aganist the Chinese
when I meant large scale I meant that it never changed the entire result of the elections.
I haven’t met a person in my life that does say ridicule things about Ataturk
It looks like 1930's. In the begining Europe supported Hitler against to Stalin
This is against the law and now they are suing this bid
(Though I translated Allah as the god as it means in arabic, in Turkish it means more like "the Islam God" since there already is a word for gods in general: Tanrı)
There's stuff they can do and they're doing it by electing pro-unification presidents and supporting peace deals but they are getting rejected by the Greek side every step of the way.
Is the weather always like that there
Lots of comments under this thread, which specific one.
[Tarkan - Şımarık] (also known as Kiss Kiss but literal translation is Sassy) might be the most popular song internationally
", "Other countries are jealous of us
I don't drink tea
Well, we all are losers
Russia once published footages of his son-in-law smuggling oil from ISIS territories
At least all recent attacks carried out by PKK I've heard of have been directed at police or armed forces.
He knows Trump is unstable just like him
Well, at least they didn't burn a US flag since it's red, white and blue too.
yeah i didn't mean Turks were angels.
I don’t hate our vernacular architecture
That's not what OP really asked though.
It’s just that legally the name changes in like 1928 or something
“There is no force in religion” my ass
We introduced it to Europe after all
Nowadays I am watching The Big Bang Theory with English subtitles and reading Harry Potter in English for improve my English skills
Fuck
I'm new here so me
It's a marketing wonder
Also during the last year was the first time Istanbul lost its population
Not all Jews are practicing Judaism.
Does ARM count as "European"? Because they are the biggest in phones
But it's the typical joke we say everyday like "Ohh man, that Erdoğan really pissess me off but i better shut up because prison must be damn cold right now
It still stands as one of the main reason why we’re not developed country since it left us only nomadic / village population left in our countryside
A word can have maybe 10 meanings by different pronouncing styles
Yes, but I can't tell native speakers apart from other native speakers
Immigrants are worst Turks I have ever seen, they live in developed countries and 50-60 percent of them are telling "Here is so bad, we miss our home" and they support erdogan
Qatar has come a long way in terms of workers' rights especially comparing to other countries in the region, and it's all due to the international pressure they face
While WWI is no recent memory either, it's effects are much more felt today, and it was photographically documented, making it more dramatic, unlike Napoleonic Wars.
>it was about the fact that 40% of the population still shits in the open because they don't have toilets or won't use toilets
If yes, do people use that form while interacting with people from other regions
I too hope that one of the largest armies in the world bomb my country and possibly kill the people i love because of the actions of one insane guy
It's almost linear with human development
This way you can put any word you want into their mouth, and your people will complete the rest of the definition of "the enemy" depending on their personal thoughts and therefore share the burden of creating propaganda with the people
Yes, Russia and China isn't ally but, they are close to eachother and Turkey has strategical location for Russia and China
Well no offense but when I was in Poland it was sound like buzz
When Greece was occupied by Germany Turkey sent food and supplies to our Greek friend
Don’t forget [boza]
No university students, no professors, no good business people, no high elite left due to wars, migrations and political conflicts caused by the war itself
Istanbul Technical University, Middle East Technical University and Boğaziçi are probably the most prestigious ones in engineering
We turks have same laziness (i heard it from a person went to greece) but nobody talks about it
Taner Yıldız, an AKP MP once said:
It's very well known among the revolutionary leftists.
minimum wage currently around 300€~ so this limits what technology you can buy while hunger limit for 4 people house hold is 400€~.
It was that he had an anonymous twitter account that insulted Muslims and Erdoğan, and praised the military coup and etc.
If you are going to vote no then it is worth it
>Finland is quite a militarized country when compared to other western countries:
Also a lot of people (like me) dont get it changed afterwards because of fear of discrimination.
Changing of language and how it's used is a major theme in 1984.
Since 1984, PKK targeted 40,000 people in Turkey, without differencing if they are military personal or civilian
Turkish and Greek Cypriots don't differ all that much in terms of genetics, both are essentially the same people assimilated into different cultures/identities, and identity was more important than genetic similarity when it came to war, right
Why some maps don't include the Eastern Thrace as a part of Turkey
A proper Ottoman Padishah would wear a body bag as a turban on his head to remind him that death is always near.
"Turks" were the peasants of Anatolia - the same people who than fought and won the War of Independence.
Seeing how I am squeezed between bigger powers, I think it is going to be very challenging.
What will their position be when their dictator looses
"Dracula you sly bastard, I know you are there
Looks like there are multiple different claims.
Not saying they're funny but why particularly Greece
Won which war
Yet you are somehow surprised when you let thousands of people who did not finish primary school in, they commit crime.
METU(Middle East Technical University)
Not only Turkey doesn’t have any deserts, it also doesn’t have any camels except those imported from Arabia to appease American tourists
Go for a medium sized city in Germany.
I like onions but adding onions to menemen will ruin it and I won't be convinced otherwise
Not a country where english is the primary language, but my school used to host spelling bee competitions between classes
It also seems not directly related to the 2nd opposition party HDP which is mostly a Kurdish party.
And those songs does not celebrate superiority of a Turkish person over others they are just songs but I of course respect your wiews
They can represent an Armenian majority, as well as a significant or visible Armenian community (mostly in reference to the larger cities such as Kayseri, Tabriz, Halep or Adana which had, as a whole, a Muslim majority, but a visible Armenian city quarter or community
How do you think 2TL döners are made?
did these events traumatize you
How are we doing a genocide if we have 20M Kurds in the country
As a Turk living in Greece, I only fully understood what this distinction is once I came here
Those islands are ours since treaty of Lausanne.
Con meyd hiz vey tu e tevırn tru dı dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut det hı forgat dı mani
Does anyone know how much this has to do with global warming
No, are they good
(at least that's the case for Turks living in Germany)
In Turkey(mostly İstanbul), i dont recommend to use taxi
Because Turkey is located between Balkans, Mediterranian, Black Sea, Middle East and Caucasus combined
This is so fucking wrong, USSR is the country that stopped the Nazis
Anyone who knows how to use Tor can get around the Tor block.
Don't ask where the local armenians went i can't answer that im too young to go to jail
I agree did say the same thing during Gezi
People would sit and play wc3 DotA and CS while listening to this stuff
Australians and New Zealanders
I believe Bulgarians search for Turkey to come Edirne
Those lessons helped me to learn the basics of English
This is how we lost our scientist and this is why Erdogan called our scientist to return Turkey
peoples desire to have 3+ kids while having shitty income..
Nice day in Izmir
While 48% percent supports him another 52% does not support him.
I always prefered the stuff you got at stalls at christmas markets to the feuerzangenbowle we made in the dorms.
Thank God, at last we’re not on somebody’s bad boys list
Wow that was hurtful
But in act, we are not even secular as much as theocratic UK since 1981
I did not know that Turkey has the most ICU beds per capita in the world
I wouldn't expect Italy to have such an innocent result though
**Today:** İstanbul
And to Europeans agreeing with this, don’t think I am only talking of Turkish nationalism
Poland
Half the country votes for CHP, MHP and HDP.
Myself
I want to add that satyrical magazines have a very long history in Turkey.
They don't really care about changing regime, civil war etc.
They just wanna play victim and score symphaty points here
Aegean and medditerrian sealines with Greece
a lot of danes take antidepressants
It's the nature of Turkish diplomacy.
Thats why I needed to write something at the comments
everything has to be perfect ;)
I am glad that my country helped to Irish people in the times like these
You have to learn genders for words, verbs are always at the second place and at the end (in Hauptsatz), Finalsatz and Nebensatz.
Vodafone ama 110 lira aslında ben düz yazdım
C) Where the hell are Italians considered successors of the Roman Empire, that should be an example *I* should've used
A lot of terrorist attacks happened and are still happening in Turkey
It's a Balkan thing
I feel european, I hate many turkish traditions and don't like my country except Istanbul, I wish could born in eu
And there is some people who took this as a good news cause they were drinking and having fun in that place and they deserved to die.
I was trying to tease some people.
Valmala FI
It wasn't a false flag but we know MIT got the info and Russians also gave the same info.I tought a lot of people knew it so didn't share it.I wish i had shared those so people could see(few documents and articles by Russian media.They say Russians warned Erdoğan and no Turkish offical denied it).
Xenophobia is expensive and everyone understands that
Cope
Turkey is the most tea consuming country in the world
Bunu buraya ben getirdim
Like, radical secular tradition of Turkish politics is really radical and well, political Islamists are political Islamists
The reason why the Ottomans fell apart was the Russians
Their printing machine was broken so they couldn't print out my residence permit and I couldn't work for a while
He obviously doesn't get that in to your thick skull.
I'm always fully careful on the words I say and on the sentences I make, to avoid to seem like someone how you anti-turks want me to seem as
They don't tailor obesewear, that's why
At least it's less important than (minimum) 600 year-long Chinese rivalry that caused Islamisation and mass migrations into Anatolia in the first place
Yes, they commit crime because of religion.
there are stories about when first inonu heard the news about hitler invading russia he woke up at late night and started dancing and laughing with a huge relief.
Hungary's trajectory is looking very bad
Geologically Anatolia is very new
We came fam
But this time your scapegoats are Muslims, not Jews.
Turks were being discriminated in the Ottoman empire, especially in the Palace.
Our racial type is unknown honestly
I only know that they're Muslims and there's a ton of them living here.
Today, she is trying to make a living by being a music teacher
I wrote this after seeing posts supporting them.
I don't know how church does it looks like irl but this artwork is amazing
welp time to translate this to arabic and kurdish.
Nazi
Since when does Izmir have mountains to sing about
Image being anti-Erdogan and seeing all this stuff happening in US and UK.
That is true for most minorities and even within said countries, German states with lowest Muslim percentages have the most anti-Muslim views for example.
More than that is a bonus
Hosting millions of refugees so they don't ruin your precious countries
Everyone was driving so smooth, so responsibly, so well mannered
Bonus: They killed 15 million kongo peoples
İzmir Marşı.
Tax money is being spent on useless shit nobody ever uses just so he can claim we’re progressing
And still worries me that our education system is worse than when I was studying which was the last years of our highest education have became
But I wouldn’t say it is a custom directly to bus drivers but these are the customs that you can use anywhere
Erdoğan also said in a meeting that they can "finish the election before it even begins" so at least the guy is letting us know that the election will be rigged to some degree
A lot people in Turkey have at least one person that is Circassian in their family.My grandma is for example.
That doesn't make it a brutal purge however.
I already got [triggered]
Not sure about that one though, need confirmation
In olden times we loved opium so much that we named a province after it and still use the name
Latest crisis with Netherlands helped a little but I guess he still doesn't have enough of the votes.
Well clearly you're reading from some BS media, friend, because nothing you said so far is true
The Baltics would share Ukraine's fate without NATO and EU
It's used when texting
Me and most of my friends uses one name with his relatives and other name for friends or other people
These are not that common strong symbols anymore but still exist and avoided by people with opposing ideas
They're not free for Non-EU citizens and in Germany I think they're free but I don't know German :/
— that means I know nothing about it
why does he look like a mass production eva
apart from the clothing this is %100 accurate lol
And I don't mean current sentiments, I mean the memorial of historical events, so don't get it wrong.
The guy died from a brain ilness as far as I know MIT does not have the power to fuck up someone's brain.
In WW1 allies tried to annex Turkey with treaty of serves.
In 1970’s, there were different groups of people who ranged wanting cultural and linguistic expression to independent Kurdish State within borders of Turkey which is PKK
Iran will just continue whatever they have been doing for years but will have their decision making take a hit for up to a year
Just sayin'... lmao
You’re like the anti-Greek
(at least that's the case for Turks living in Germany)
Well I dislike Turkish music as a whole so I'm not sure which one I would call the worst
In Turkey(mostly İstanbul), i dont recommend to use taxi
But these are all free public universities and private universities like Koç, Sabancı and Bilkent are decent in most fields since they provide more opportunities than public schools most of the time
In nuclear plants the radioactive waste is concentrated and its handling is priced in.
Morocco: Fas
He promised to create same conditions
Can't make this shit up
To be honest every street in Amsterdam smells weed
Yes, yes I do
Turkish has gender-neutral pronouns, which I believe to be one of the best features of the language
My favorite place in Gamla Stan along with Sound Pollution.
Imagine it is the other way around, everyone would call Turk's uneducated pieces of shit
People are not their government
I'm not a fatalistic guy at all, but you can't stop a nation from ruining itself
To which the answer is very, very rarely
The Byzantines, rather, the Eastern Romans, always referred to themselves as "Romans", the emperors referring to themselves as "Emperor and Autocrat of the Romans" by the end, that is, 1453
>is Kıbrıs island of Cyprus
It is uncommon to sleep in shower or bathtub
Otherwise the world is gonna give us some unprecedented changes soon
At least some people are starting to realize that this guy is using their religion to fuck up the country
I think we pronounce it quite right because we write it Sofya and reading it like this puts the stress on the “o”.
it opens all the doors
Yaz - summer, write
Lifted Ford F150 with Trump Stickers and Texas Licenses Plates
Because at that point, by law, any place the sultan steps on became his
You sound like British Parliement when they heard their colonies are uniting in one banner
Wow how did you get that idea:) Didn't we establish our republic after ww1 and our history lesson's biggest part is that transition process
As summary, I guess Turkey wants them to stay until an agreement done is for leverage
(and some minorities in big cities)
Not sure about the name but "Miracle in cell no
Maybe arresting is a good idea, because Erdogan supporters could harm him.
I guess French ran out of terrorists to arrest...
This country's goverment killed him but DHKP-C are terrorists and just using kid to commit terrorism.
I'd say Spain and Italy are fairly major
They think he’s a demigod
It is soothing to see Asians with their umbrellas
How is Orban blocking migrants different then forcing them to stay in Greece.
they have less members of parliament than kurdish hdp right now and mhp is gone for good after next elections because of the betrayal of bahceli.
Beautiful
Damn I don't blame Hitler for than sweet Lebensraum
(which you didn't mention) Needless to say they need to stop from both sides
Well, there are two kinds of Turkish nationalism: MHP are, as I said, conservative supremacists; but CHP, who are post-revolutionary nationalists, are leftists.
We never experienced a civil war in our history.
In my honest opinion, it's a shame we don't have better relations with our neighbor
I guess when we have kids they will say us " Baba, Mama how couldn't you stop this idiocracy..Shame on you!".
The wider campaign involves causing terror inside western cities, killing random civilians.
I watched a video about Turkish immigrants who are living in the UK and supporting Brexit
They serve essentials of Turkish Cuisine like lentil soup, stuffing, borek, Turkish Dumplings and various of beef and chicken dish
Then we named their landing point after them (anzac cove)
Opposition is miserable and unable to defend the Kemalism
I’d say it is “with balls” instead of “big balls” but I suppose if someone is reeeeaaly powerful it can be “ with big balls”
Terror attacks in (real) Europe is no match for the ones in Turkey.
Architecturally it is just fascinating and has something the metropolitans and the common tourist destinations like london, paris, venice, istanbul don’t.
No one is corrupt as he is
Oh my XD
But other than that, we do have variations to some names
Didn't even know that the government was aware of Reddit
In my time my class was 48 and it should have gone up
Erdoğan supporters have been conservative since the beginning of time.
Some of those guys don't even shake hands with womans because of their religion.Imagine how hard it would be to adapte.
What you say can work in a system similar to China or North Korea but it can in no way work in a multi-party democracy
Turkey doesn’t recognise or signed EEZ because of Island Dispute with Greece in early years of republic
"O" means he/she/it, basically third person singular pronoun
Milyon, Milyar, Trilyon, Katrilyon for million, billion, trillion and quadrillions
That's why some Turks accuse European countries of supporting them.
*Fortune isn't worth as much as a healthy breath in this world*
sort: controversial
I shouldn't have generalized you especially when complaining about racism.
She is a 16 year old cat and i think she recently got sick because she is so old
They are called secular in the West, and are secular compared to other similar organizations in the region but secularism is certainly not one of their concrete positions.
Didn't realize we sucked that bad
If my god-emporer erdoğan sent me some I'd be happily protesting the Dutch right now.
Not as much as other commenters but I figure that’s because there’s so much going on in our own country
Hagia Sophia isn't the only ancient building that is preserved, there are hundreds of Eastern Roman historical buildings in addition to Latin ones from the Levantines and Genoese, both ancient and imperial Armenian built buildings, Italian ones from the late imperial period, German ones again from late imperial and early republic period etc.
&#x200B;
image hosts aren't. imgur and i.redd
If he becomes such, the proper democrats of this country will stand up against his wrongs, as well
I can barely wake up on week days even if I get enough sleep, so I guess I naturally sleep in when I get a chance.
Also, illumination during the morning increasing the electricty bills
I see the disappearance of this tradition as a net positive because this heavily objectifies women as the property of their fathers
The Persian part was a bit difficult, because there are no much ethnical maps
You can just put random letters together and everyone will read it the same
Yes, lets just go ahead with the opinion of millions of uneducated people who's main source of information is AKP propaganda outlets.
Lol, This will just help DENK and AKP supporters.
There is overwhelming violence against women in Turkey
Let's wait, what time shows
I mean its better for the economy too, to burn your coal reserves instead of spending 50 billion Dollars every year on Russian/Iranian gas.
I thought we had street view EVERYWHERE in turkey, but seeing the western Europe having much more feels ridiculous to me
No connection with Turkish it is just zero, and also very hard to speak/think/build sentences (at least for me but I think for the other Turks the situation is same)
Turkish fathers cries for that too
"With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil — that takes religion
Like someone else mentioned Turkey isnt Russia.
Ottoman has a lot of Persian and Arabic drived words so it is a bit hard
*Jon meedo hisu wee tu a taberun suruu za daaku foresto, onri tu faindo auto zatto hi forugotto za manii
still, as net salary you are higher than a lot of EU countries
Politicians should be as well fed as the most malnourished citizen in their country
&#x200B;
Lol here comes the butthurt muh european continent guy.
You can't say "no one" you can only speak for yourself.
After an assassination, Turkey and Russia are only getting closer
Nearly everyone speaks İstanbulite Turkish in media
Soon as they reached powers outside of it - Poland, Austria, Russia, Spain, they suddenly couldn't expand that swiftly and were eventually thrown back.
The idea that you are fucked if you get sick in US as a non-citizen with no insurance is not something a lot of people from Europe realize
For us, they are independent state
i know some people who do it on pans, but i prefer using a machine where it presses the breads into each other and they get crispier easier
" What kind of a monster would give this name to their child
Maybe just because I can understand it but it sounds pretty cool
Turkey's capital is Ankara, it's not as hated as İstanbul I guess so it's spared
Comes from Kahve Altı, which actually means before coffee
Those are rookie numbers compared to 130 million of native Americans
They got Crimea and secured their port
Edit: I see, only downvotes but no answer
Thanks to our bad education system students at only private schools can speak decent english so there is no risk for Turkish
But the source is probably right)
Erdogan got limitless power, destroyed the economy but won't take responsibility for it
Reis (Captain)
I looked him up he is 196cm
Lmao
Men wear nothing but tight leather shorts (!), rub tons of oil on each other - you're supposed to rub oil on your opponent and he's supposed to rub it on you as a sign of mutual respect (!!), then these hairy, oily, shiny, muscular half-naked guys wrestle in front of the public and the whole point is to put your hands inside of your opponent's shorts as deep as possible (!!!), and if you defeat an older wrestler you then kiss his hand (!!!!)
140journos, kind of a documentary news type of channel, This is the best one for me
they sure started to fix their death trap roads (though going 50 kph a pothole can still damage your suspension or even crack your windscreen...happened to me!)
People should vote, yes, for the country they live in.
Ww1 isn't a big part of Turkish history tho
Porto has personality
Go to guillotine
mediterranian is a silent battlefield in these days buddy  :)
polls show he is to go
glühwein
So it should be enough in the group stage but after that it just comes to luck
*sigh*
It utterly shocked me how slow the bureaucracy was in France
Lol
I was also shocked by how low their computer literacy levels were
how bout we put more math in our language so you ll have to solve more math while doing math
I made them once but it took me 4 hours and a half with all the waiting time
most accurate is probably кырджалы. (I don't know you guys have that ы letter, it's more suitable to specify the I,ı sound in Turkish
While Erdoğan tryinf to destroy Ataturk’s legacy those people can not defend Ataturk
I'm not talking about the union, I'm talking about the continent
wait surely you don't eat cheese with kebab?
Cancelled
Wars with Russians was tough for Turks just because it was in coldest places that Ottoman army wasn't used to fight.
It wasn't a genocide, it was a diplomatic treaty.
So, thats why but still a bit weird
all but one (the scottish accent)
Bankaci olan kisi de "Ben konustuklariniza Fransiz kaldim" diyor cunku onlarin konustugu teknik terimleri bilmiyor
mr speaker we are for the big
Greece and Cyprus: I guess
For Turkey or formerly Ottoman Empire, the dumbest 2 things were:
The right to claim Baklava as ours is bigger then ever.
How hard could it be to draw a proper crescent
It is awesome
What has Netherlands has to do with war of independence though?
All were formerly diverse lands that were homogenised by killings, exiles and forced assimilations due to nationalistic and racist fervour during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire and rise of Nationalism in each new ethnostate
We have quite good relations with them
The interviewee who almost got the job but then got mad at a question and started screaming at the interviewer
However, the word "non-believer" is commonly used as an insult by politicians and many average people, although they usually use it unconscious of its implications, as in using ableist language in English (I don't think this is the case with the politicians who use the word though)
One side says it is amazing city to travel not to live
Meeting-ours-that pleased be-am
Ethnocentric nationalism is outdated btw.
In fact, he is not serious at all here.
I have failed 3 important classes that semester
English QWERTY on phone because of my thick thumbs there's not enough space for all buttons
Im kinda full of thoughts as you can see
i could understand EUR but reports saying its mostly USD.
Definitely English
I'd be pretty terrified if 10 million Greeks wanted to bring the Sharia law.
[Insert depressive wojak]
Do expats/immigrants have a hard time making things work out for them or integrating to the culture of your country ? How do natives view non-Eu immigrants ?
Yes but I don't think the problems will end
Again, I am simply a tourist who visited the two cities
Also its easier in their written language
Recep Tayip Erdoğan its sadly 50/50 hopefully in 5 years that will change
Yugoslavia games can just go in any direction
In Turkish we have the “German Way” of paying the bill
Education in itself is already a huge political issue.
Was sitting on this for a while eh
Nothing kardeş, it's always been fine and orderly in Türkiye
/r/Europe isn't an outlet for propaganda
It's not a very serious thing :)
edit:i forgot where i was going with this
That’s Istanbul
İt's Avrupa     Asya     K. Amerika     G. Amerika     Antarktika     Afrika     and Avustralya or Okyanusya
At the end of the day, a group of people are more likely to commit crime and receive welfare.
And criminalizing lying would be the first step towards a totalitarian society where everyone abides by the state's truth or is punished
I was looking at Turkey and saw İzmir is Greek, thought "classic" then checked 5 and laughed very loudly (sorry komşu)
[Black Earth]
I like the Turkestan flag
No actually wolf is more turkish
If given chance i would serve in the army for a similar cause
He was behind the last coup attempt
His house is protected by CIA, the assassinator of Russian Ambassador to Turkey was graduated from his schools and his family was members of this organization
For turquoise, it's named after the ethnicity, but it seems rather obviously French.
**Some other maps which I have used as an orientation were these ones**
Apparently been around since at least 1938 too
We don't have drinkable tap water.
Spoiler: we do not
I think our defense is very elite this year but we lack offensive power
Failed coup in Turkey happened on 15 th of June.I just wanted to poin out Similarities since both countries are in europe but it seems like i was 4 mounths late (A little off topic sorry).
**Translation**:
Wow, I wonder what an unstable Turkey would be like, considering the "stable" one has four different terrorist organizations that can blow you up anytime.
They're getting good money out of this.
After that he was killed by Ottoman soldiers
Is it because Swedish are blonde
Over 800,000 Syrian children to be integrated into Turkish education system
Bu kaynaklara göre Türk Kurtuluş Savaşı sonrası sözleri değiştirildi ve "Kafkasya dağlarında" yerine "İzmir'in dağlarında" veya "İnönü Dağları'nda" diye başlayan deyişleri üretildi
Japanese culture is very patriarchal and it is still quite strong.
Heheh, got means butt in Turkish.
Tolve FI
Correct way is that pronouncing it with 1
Should we just "oh what an interesting argument lets discuss it"?
This was part of a program for people working overseas.
Wait you guys don't like the first two parts
Syrian Kurds(PYD) has publicly shown their support toward to PKK(which is recognised as an terrorist group in USA and EU)
Usually it was only military activity and the important stuff
No Batman there as far as I know
I'm here arguing, because I'm genuinely tired of people both in Turkey and outside of Turkey automatically equating the Ottoman Empire with the new republic
It ended a CENTURY ago
Magazine of religious affairs board, put a turban to a turtle in a comic.
So, Every people around the world have right to self determination.
There are 18 annexed turkish islands right now.
I also see myself as Middle Eastern due to various reasons
It is a really fucked up chain of events
Oh shit, just opened the thread to do that, and called out by top comment :D
Edit:But i'm sure that if Atatürk could live like 15 more yrs, then Turkey would be a paradise nowadays
) Etymologically kebab comes from Akkadian or Aramaic language (word origin is disputed) and means something like "meat that been cooked on fire". Of course, its modern usage is different but this should give you an idea of how wide the term is
i mean peacekeeping is really the sugarcoated version of being partners in a war
There is one Uyghur song that I understand 80%, but daily speech is hard to understand
Onion gang and not onion gang always hate each other
I ended up growing into a fully fledged Turk
Ermenians fucked up army can beat worlds 8th most powerful army nooooo /s
It’s not “fully” from my country, it’s a Dutch - Turkish band but the lyrics are full Turkish
* the climate is not as bad as the other nordics
since virtually everyone speaks english it is tough to be a beginner in danish
I mean you're pretty much there, didn't even notice an error in there
*The thing as they call reign is just a world's struggle*
I'm a PhD in 123s, job please
It basically covers life of Atatürk and his revolutions
^(Even tho they will probably cheat)
Kaan, or Kaǧan is like a saying double han
Very few
Also excluding pizza&pasta
It wasn't civilian Armenians' fault, nobody is blaming them.
It is cool
You think you can be racist against Turks as you blame Turks for being racist and fascist
Well drop a donation link to them so they can buy you some bombs
Actually, not the head of his party
I'm sorry but the Circassian community in Turkey has mostly been assimilated.Most don't even speak the language.
There is a little denial of the event.
I was very young but I did not expect the atheists to be the majority in (western) Europe
Pretty much the majority of Turkey sees the YPG as an extension of PKK.
Spring has JUST arrived to Turkey, so you gotta wait a little longer :/
So, guess we have to find a medium ground
Even trying to use the skipass was a major pain in the ass for me at -17°, my hands lost any feeling pretty quickly
As a Turk we face a lot of racism for things that we did not do
But this allows us to realize that they were humans like us and liked to have fun just like we do
Also, spanish pizza is pretty great too.
To understand their views and their voters, one must examine the political history of the country.
As far as I know Hungarian and Finnish are the same
And more pressure to China
It is recorded history
Turkey didn't bomb those places because Kurds live there
Not when he has to power to send you to die in a pointless war after that.
If there are Torku products, some of them are very good.
Turkey is a special case
Its difficult for a lot of people to pronounce letter like ö, ü ı and especlcialy ğ. Germans can easily pronounce this letters but u can hear that they are not Turkish by their accents
I am not against refugees either, and it is horrifying to see them treated like rats here
So, idk what will happen if we legalize cannabis
Yeah, I feel like a big mac is really fucking expensive here in Turkey.
Are you asking me to tell you if I want people to 'deny' the Armenian Genocide because I'm trying to make a point about the relationship between Ottoman Empire and Turkish Republic
I agrrewith your points
There are thousands of ways we could have avoided The Great War
Many love him and nearly all of the country respect him(%75 maybe).Depends on the crowd but mostly they would disagree with you.And Turkish people generaly don't like it when a foreigner talks about Turkish politics.
Aww
Hammer salesmen don't earn a living among painters
Would be okay that terror organisation kills 40,000 Germans since 1984
u/AllinWaker Very interesting questions, thanks
That is what i am talking about.Many people think it is about money but it is not it is mostly about visa.
We have common stuff with Greece and Balkans maybe even you guys.
There are too many foreign words in our language
[Kantaka]
If we made a statue of you, we wouldn't have enough concrete for your balls
The moment there are 3-5 million Greeks, they will be out on the streets protesting about whatever the fuck is going on in Greece.
But the real gain is the life quality improvements that come from those changes, and EU is just the carrot
We don’t celebrate Christmas but what whole Europe does for Christmas, we make it for New year
Oh man, i would definitely change it to something like Turkia or something like that
Because cards remove association of money with a limited resource
These countries willingly signed the convention.
EU has no idea about what's really going on Turkey but has endless prejudices about everything in here, broad your perspectives, not always Erdogan means all the Turkish people
Then you are sorted to one of the four houses of Hogwarts.
And then the witch hunt started
hey dude why dont u just chill out
Thats pretty common
So take your South Asian victim complex blended racism out of here.
I just wanna leave here, HELP
Around that time, reformation in the Turkish language was nothing new, as there had been strong advocates for a purified Turkish since the late imperial era
It's a shame most of its beauty was destroyed
So it's like High King, or Emperor, one rank above a Sultan.
"Queen Jadwiga"
So there is a cultural bias against atheism
If "no" side wins, we will see pretty big changes I believe.
We have letter that has no sound "ğ" it's called soft g, it doesn't make any sound
There won't be any war of this kind but if it were, Balkan nations set their minds to defend their countries and most of Turkey saying "wtf I don't want to fight I'm happy with my borders" and doing nothing to help the war effort, even hindering it on purpose (I know I would) would make a hell of a difference.
I guess it's about keeping the hate refreshed.
So you're arguing Turks are non-European because of their "Asian origins", then when I tell you that Hungarians also have similar origins, your argument switches to religion and fighting Turks.
He/She/It is just "O".
Everyone has different reasons.
My grandparents does the same
And it was 2000+ years ago
I see a puzzle piece when I look at Spain
Really
I'm sure Mardin still has a Turkish *minority* which reinforces the feeling
You say that, but there actually are a bunch of ANZACs in Gallipoli most of the time.
We tried it and it didn’t work
Construction sector is the darling of oligarchs
Bedankt dat je dat hebt uitgespookt
Damn his Hand remind ne Doom fist
Turkish doesn't have a gender system but in Turkish mythology/fairy tales, the Moon is usually depicted as an elderly man while the Sun is depicted as a young woman
I have heard Bulgarians say it and it’s almost identical to us
why
The second term would end in 2024.
Oh, I misunderstood then sorry.
There are 18 millions Kurdish people live in Turkey
In the long run they are the most cost effective amongst the clean energy sources
Just read the wiki page, it's interesting.
It drives me crazy
Thanks to our ancestors, we have no idea
15 coffees isn't nearly enough incentive to learn 3 languages!
>This might come as a shocker, but neutral countries can still commit war crimes and be called evil
Not the first time they've ever been there
I know, Turkey isn't a super super super power but, Turkey is one of the big powers in mediterranean and middle east
Long before all of you were born
Backgammon / Turkey
It's the best friend of döner kebab
Decades earlier than most other countries
Well this is Strasbourg
And when it comes to talk about Turks, Turkey, our ancestors and our history everybody feels free to say whatever the fuck they like
How much are you paying for your internet connection?
I think that Turkey might have the cheapest universities in European standarts
There is no traffic option
Yeah lol if the extremists and governments didn’t hate each other than it would all be nice and cool
Protest for what
But anyways nuclear powerplants cost at least few billion dollars to build, this is why people think they are expensive at first
Custom flair in homapeage of the subreddit
Edinburgh is really worth visiting.
If Doc Martin taught me anything,its that Brits love Spain and Portugal
American private jail owners getting so greedy they wanna arrest all the worlds people
It isn't like denial doesnt happen in the other countries
ananın o dazlak kafasına teflon tavayla vurur sersemletir sikerim
Also Israel wasn't an enemy of us,we became rival to them,because of Erdogan
It’s not mandatory to vote as far as I know
"Köy enstitüleri" seems like mostly a meme like "bor production" to me.
I took this photograph on the European part of istanbul so I think r/Europe is the right place to upload.
Even religious young people don't care about religious side of politics
Finland looks better as balls
But how can we blame his supporters when he himself uses the same language
When he returns to Turkey, he cannot understand what his other poet friends are talking about
Never
Things were like that until the language reform in the Republic era in 1930s.
Right now they might be quite expensive but on the long run we will profit
We and Azerbaijanis have a saying "one nation, two states" - Azerbaijan is, just like Turkey, a predominantly Muslim Turkic nation with very similar language and culture, we're both located in West Asia and Europe, far away from our ancestral homeland in Central Asia, so we share a special bond, so Turks will always cheer Azerbaijan during various competitions and vice versa
I loved their outfits
İ Am highschool student this is my school way
Most other Europeans I've talked with recognize that Eastern and Western Turkey are very different, they just don't know how huge the difference is
Ahval is anti Turkey newspaper is being funded by America exiled Turkish coup platter Fetullah Gulen, and to claim protesting people are in search of Armenians to kill is just utmost bullshit propaganda
He keeps saying bullshit like this.
>incredible lists
You don't even want to see the vandalism and wildness under the name of protests in your countries
During the 16th century Portugal and the Ottomans (largely local governors) attempted to gain influence in Morocco by supporting or fighting in local conflicts.
2,5 months to get my residence permit and I had already registered myself when I came as soon as possible
So a foreigner is most probably a westerner
About Döner, well, nobody counts Döner as kebab in Turkey
Partly because even if there wasnt a second invasion Turkish Cypriots were still gonna stay there forever because it was their right and if there wasnt a second invasion UN would probably recognize the country so more settlers would come anyway
It was 38% when his party lost the majority of the parliment so coup attempt and general instability made him popular again .
There is just way too much misinformation being spread by people so it can fit their own agenda
Once he's done the cleaning turns out to be not so free all of a sudden
When I was in high school, the history teachers pretended like nothing ever happened after Atatürk died in 1938
Erdoğan’s call on citizens to sell dollars prompts ‘crazy’ campaigns across Turkey
There are loads of books about Sinan style architecture but you can start [here] if you want to learn about it.
I despise Iran's current regime but I hope this doesn't drag my country to a series of battles(I think war has a very little chance to occur) since Erdogan likes to be seen powerful
Had to change due to frequent net drops
This is in BBC Turkish
Let me explain the story for 2019-2020
They are an actual terrorist organisation and no we are not attacking Barzani (Leader of Kurdistan) we are attacking PKK and its not ethnic cleansing if that were the case Police would attack kurds in Ankara, İstanbul, Antalya, İzmir etc
Characteristics of the Republic
Can someone explain me what does "invading" means in terms of politics?
Çok da fifi - very much fifi (I have no idea what fifi is
Idiots are predictable, so they're not really a problem, IMO
Considering your comprehension it's no wonder you think that Turks believe Homer to be Turkic
Ice, Ice Baby
But the thing is, uranium that is required to run the powerplant is relatively cheap
Literal shit, unless you're going to private school.
Why this sub never say anything about israel's behavior
Mehmed, Vahdettin is hated because of his collobration with allies
Why not request it aswell
27 = yirmi yedi
I love the French election system.
Yeah there was an earthquake in İzmir and everyone started panicking about the mutation
I have never seen anyone use it in daily speech
We all suffer from constant toothache anyway
I guess we should just go back to Mongolia./s
Everyone knows Great Iskender is genuinely Turkish man with mustache
Their behavioral pattern is more or less similar to the groups mentioned by the OP
You cant go around promoting democracy and freedom then suggest killing a democratically elected leader.
Turks that live in abroad are usually very pro Erdoğan.
Look at your family and friends and tell me its not about Jesus.
Question to Greece: What does your leading party think of our leading party
Are Turkish people really this blind?
So (probably) all that fuzz for nothing?
Turns out he switched to Turkish while talking but I didn’t realise and kept on translating Turkish to Turkish
Well, sure, but it's not as bad as [this]#American_involvement).
According to Lenin German political disunity stood in the way of industrial revolution, strong centralized governance and nationalism for a long time, causing German intelligentsia to develop a more abstraction oriented thinking compared to industrial giants like GB and France, causing them to lead in philosophy literature and music while staying behing in modern practical politics and industrial economy.
Üfff reis gökyüzünden dolar yağdıracak Londra'da ezan sesi yükselecek
But for example Germany, Scandinavia,etc?
Do they have their own state television in their language?
And another world war happened, and unlike the first, we choose being neutral
Why are they downvıting you isnt this a legit question
Yes we expected it was just Korea, france or US style system but we were wrong it literally is dictatorship now that we know what it means.
As far as the hivemind in here is concerned only Christians died and had to forcefully leave the country.
If GCs see them both as different sides of a same coin, well, thats the main problem.
Crafty, but we've all seen the "Yes Minister!" clips.
If it was deliberate or just a misguided attempt to communicate and uphold free speech, that's a question for the mods
But times have chaned,Suleiman is dead and we love Hungary more than ever
It is also a good place for Europeans to get cheap surgeries
Maybe you don't understand because you live in a 3rd world countrystan where ambassadors get killed at museums, but lemme explain it to you slowly.
You think Turks can't be blonde or something?
My mom's ancestors are the Jews that fled to Ottoman Empire from Spain hundreds of years ago
Is the weather always like that there
The worst part is that I will not regain confidence over my decisions until I am sure 100% about it
(It’s a regular sentence)
Also Turkish dub of Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra was so funny
You were nazis
This interesting an experience bewill
Our people are warm, hospitable and love teaching culture to tourists
yeah, they produce propoganda series like [Teskilat] [Kizilelma] [Ertugrul] or [Filinta] with our taxes
And at least a hundred other things that i don't remind right now
We can add body shoppers, textile workers to that list as well
I feel hopeless
But who knows, Muharrem İnce is a strong candidate too and he might give us a surprise
Yes, the reforms EU asks of Turkey is pretty good, and they should be done so that the country won’t end up a third world country 20 years from now on, regardless of whether EU wants them or not
> And no, misinforming the public and willingly lying are not ok things to do and again, referendums have been remade for less
In fact a military persecutor Ahmet Zeki Üçok tried to open a case about Gulen movement inside the Army but he was arrested on the false charges and spent the next 3 years in jail(now released).
I am not sure if it is hate but there is a huge distrust towards the judges and prosecutors
you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country
Pretty petty argument
Nobody asks the people anyway
F for Laika
Kurdish mothers gather up in front of their buildings and ask their sons back from mountains, they force Kurdish children to be terrorists, so these politicians are basically terrorists in suits
The years 1980-1983 were very dark years for Turkey - a paranoid nationalist military junta coupled with guerilla warfare in the countryside and massive political repression
It didn't just happen in overnight...
I know children 5 years younger than me had classes of 50 people
A passage about western European countries' role in Bosnian genocide from Pulitzer Prize winner author Taylor Branch's book Clinton Tapes
Romania or Hungary
Kuşadası is pretty nice too, hope you'll come back after this islamist nightmare is over.
We learn and write it without a line
Donald Duck
It is going on since then
Romania or Hungary
And then the Russians conquered it and gave it autonomy
Many might not know what secularism is.
E.g. Swahili
As far as I know, they're the non-Turkish sort of muslim communities in Bulgaria
Man I could never live in Finland
A bridge for predators to get an easy meal
Who died, let me tell: MY FRIEND
Yumurta sarısı (yolk) also translates to eggyellow in English
His age was ruled to be one year older by the court to make the execution possible
Kahraman ırkımın literally translated into my hero race
Does anyone else have them
As a general rule, it seems that elements widely found in pre-industrial society have Turkish names that obviously do not fit with their symbols:
>Turkey is also more unique compared to some of its neighbours
this is not freedom of speech, this is insult.
Which in that case how do you exactly separate those two?
And you came up and said he isn't. You will be prosecuted for not following the ruling party's narrative
Why no Turkey
LDP would still get some votes if people believed that their votes will not go to waste.
Georgia (Armenia)
5m people and they're here to see the top opposition president candidate Muharrem İnce
And that guy is right that capitalist were appeasing Nazis
Oh you, and your crazy language /s
Say no to Snowballs
Gokhan simply isn't a thing
trash bins
This comment section alone shows why Turks offended and heartbroken against the EU.
I can give more examples like; Strasbourg, Naples, San Sebastian, St
i am sure this is how French pronunciation made up
There are english texts in Turkish Wikipedia sometimes though
Just to see how much history dictates peoples point of view on different races
eskiden ordunun siyasete karismasi gibi sacma bi dusunce vardi 5 cumhurbaskani darbeciydi 12 mart falan ... belki fahri Korutürk yerine cok iyi bi lider geçecekti bunlar ulkeye hizmet yapmadi geregince bence
There were no goverment because nobody was majority
I mean you're pretty much there, didn't even notice an error in there
politicians act more friendly towards each other than the people
D: 10%
Another topic is, we got attacked by Russians for 3 times in Syria 3 months ago
Like Turkey, but with no çomars
What do you call the Holy Roman Empire in your language
I'm curious why you're not a fan of Dundar.
Got weird looks as a solo traveler
The
And not just Istanbul , most of our city names have greek roots .
we're surrounded by much worse countries than us and this really makes me appreciate turkey...despite its shitty geographic position and shitty people who look up to backwards ways and sharia.
Azerbaijan, or if we really really stretch it and adopt some kind of Hellenoturkist neo-byzantine shit, Cyprus and Greece.
So there will be international court to solve this problem
Sorry but this all in Turkish language (first problem) and given the conditions in Turkey, where free media does not exist anymore and reports have to be compliant to the governments agenda (second problem) this is not reliable.
The Persian part was again difficult, because there are no precise Datas
Yeah, we genocided greeks and serbians too why everybody upset with the armenian tho
Finland is not a real country, everybody knows this.
If containment fails I hope no more severe than the original Covid-19
[President of TRNC,] say “It is considered as red line for North Cyprus to accept fully withdrawal of Turkish Army from Northern Cyprus ask by Greek and Greek Cypriot Side
My hair was very long until August and every male i know (except my dad) was ok with it
You must be one naive person if you think it's only Turkey that buys/bought oil from ISIS.
Eastern Thrace (European Istanbul) is absent in both Middle East and Europe maps
If people are stupid enough, criminalizing lying would solve nothing
Thrace and Crete: B R U H
Interestingly of the Turks I know (admittedly not a huge number), all the ones living in Turkey are strongly anti-Erdogan, while those living abroad support him.
As a turk that join gezi this peaceful protest are useless
It's highly questionable if Erdogan had much to do with
Like pulling up your zipper or pants.
Ahrar declined to merge with JSF and accepted the ceasefire.Those who don't accept it will be abonded by Turkey while the ones who accept it will get a place in the negotiation.
Anyone who steps out of line will be removed from position if the government has the power to remove them if not a smear campaign will start towards the person on AKP propaganda news outlets.
Even if you move out you re still pressured to keep in touch with your family on bidaily basis at least
Few years ago I've learned that there are more than one standart deck of playing cards and the one I know was French deck
There are close to 5000 still living in Turkey though, especially in Istanbul and Islands in Marmara.
*Certified by this post*
We need to replace these statues with monuments (whether humans or not) that we can objectively agree are of virtuous figures who helped develop solidarity, education, egalitarianism, health and social services, equality etc
Guys really this isn't helping the no side at all.
Maybe most people in the US but Europeans probably know better.
I doubt we'll even come close to that in the next decade so don't get your hopes up
How are we doing a genocide if we have 20M Kurds in the country
It depends, but usually not bad.
There are a lot of different shades between a lie and a truth
The semester is over for the students
And here I thought our education can't get any worse.
I doubt anyone would call them soulless.
Step 2: "SHARING IS CARING
Aren’t both of them same
When we face racism, we notice it.
The doctor thing kinda scary
Pavia IT
He could write more politely
7-Iran
And still no transitria
Many countries have perpetrated genocide in the past, some more recent and much larger than the Armenian Genocide.
Anyone can see most of Turkey more simillar to you than to the Arabs with the important exclusion of the South Eastern Anatolia.
And indeed it seems to be quite uncertain
84 download 31
Everyone who played a part in this cruelty (referring to the Russian intervention in Syria) will pay."
But traditions play a role as well as economical conditions
For words like kiosk, it's true that they passed through Turkish, but I didn't want to add them because they're originally Persian.
He's a national hero who sunk a British battleship called HMS Ocean in the Gallipoli campaign
So if you don't have a degree in something like engineering or if you can't afford to study abroad, you have to stay and adapt.
idk
i saw it in vikings
Northern Cyprus is officially a sovereign state that happens to have close relations with Turkey.
Thanks
I have tried surströmming, I was 100% prepared to hate it but done properly it wasn't actually that bad
What happens if a kid gets cancer and the parents don't want the treatment
We don't want any land of Syria, but just to keep it clear of terrorists that attack us.
The law is not strongly executed on this topic.
If I want to avoid bs questions I just say that I am Georgian and nobody bats an eye
I'll ask one out of context question, how do you pronounce the 6^th letter of the politican's first name
This sub is much more far right than European average though
All of these pics are great but holy shit, #3, #20 and #25 are my favorites
That is even more embarrasing
There is nothing to sugar coat this
Istanbul Boğaziçi University, Istanbul Technical University, Middle East Technical University, Cerrahpaşa University in no particular order
Oh no, I have cancer so I better kill myself.
Sorry Netherlands
I see foxes sometimes at night time, just passing through
After a bit of shitstorm someone rational will point out that these countries shared common history under Ottoman Empire so similarities in culinary are to be expected, this answer satisfies the Turks but tends to trigger Greeks/Bulgarians/Serbians/Whatevers this time
We all gather depending how close we are, we came early since we live 15 mins away like join the breakfast then talk about ourselves, news, education, life, etc
Damn this is true ...
USSR should’ve just said it is Armenian land instead of Azerbaijani in 1980’s...
Lastly, although I have completed my education, I like learning as a pastime activity so chances are I'll go for a few associate degrees in the near future in the fields that I enjoy
I guess one of the good examples for this is Romania and their involvement in holocaust
- Suleiman I
Coastline is just perfect, I never wanted to leave
Most kurds would prefer Turkey
Cultural exchange between Anatolians and Greeks happaned waaay before that.
Economy is wretched, educational system changes almost every year, foreign affairs are not good, no freedom of speech and a lot of other things
Fuck if I know
Wtf are you talking about?Those marriges usually happen in rular and poor regions(Some areas in Central,eastern and Southeastern Turkey).Not every Kurd is secularist and not all of them are sharia supporters.
This is small documentary type of photograph that shows how we did won the Independence War
Same reason as in EUIV but not as OP as Germany
Shouldn't have enslaved people and brought them to the U.S then!
This is what he is gonna hear next day
Looked notably younger - his hair was more, and was black
Turkey is an unique blend of them
That's why he likes and works with Haftar and Sisi
Even his party's other members are intimidated by him.
The only recognition you will get is from occupied territories or countries that just really hate Spain
The gap between West and East Germany scares me
1804-1815 Serbians revolted for independence and the suprassion wasn't very friendly they made towers from serbian skulls
A friend of mine has been trying to get his friends out of jail for like two days in a row now
How do you do, fellow Kafir
i'm not justifying the armenian genocide but the roles could be very well reversed seeing noone mentions about persecution (not genocide by definition :D) of 3 million ottoman muslims.
Commercial banks are allowed to keep a part of their cash reserves in foreign currency.
50% is a normal voter turnout, that means more Turks vote for the Turkish parliament than Dutch vote for their own municipality or European parliament.
For the negotiations before AKP we were negotiating to enter the single-market which would've lead into the EU negotiations and almost every party other RP and maybe MHP had a goal to enter the EU so those reforms would have happened no matter what
Already has: The value of the lira against the dollar has more than halved over the last 5 or so years.
Well speaking for Turkish don't strain yourself to completely correctly use the "çekim" ler (conjugations) as it is not just for the subject but also implies the time
With current government it is impossible
Thats all
Turkish side of Cyprus is much more liberal than mainland Turkey and it shows
I speech kürsü, one minute
Yes we do, it's called "jandarma" and it sounds and functions exactly like gendarmarie as far as I can tell
And they bound that little island's economic zone to mainland's one
He dies in modern day Algeria
you shall fear from the glorious stronk sealand
A whole bunch of merchants converted to get better bussiness advantages.
Who cares about EU other than Germany and geopolitically irrelevant satellite states in Europe?
To graduate high school, I had to write essays on Voltaire, Descartes and Montesquieu
NATO would break apart if a member was kicked in a slightest of dispute.
Scared, the kid slanders his younger brother
exaggeration
Then there are Kurds with 20 million population
Sadge :(
Cuz they were thinking those areas are belong to their own exclusive economic zone
After one year, i started to feel the article tbh
For Turkey (imo) some would be:
now my dad has a korean associate who even tried to bribe the police with the phrase 'corba olmaz mı?'
I think he means parents driving people around.
The earliest remains are from 8700 years ago, Pliny the Elder claimed it was formed around 3200 years ago as Lygos (first mentioned name), though the most certain legend says it became Byzantium 2684 years ago (which is when we're sure it was continously inhabited after), so choose whichever you want.
He deemed it illegitimate and forced another election
Kemal tried to push for secularism but the majority of Turks remained Muslim
They tried to write handicraft
The suggestion that Arabs=Turks is a good one
Aga bildiğin iskender bu
* [Aphrodisias] (2017)
So I would prefer to use them in any context because they can cause unfortunate misspellings.
I thought they belonged
It's probably a good thing that the article in question isn't followed.
Mild annoyances build up because people tend not to care about a single mild annoyance
Turkish cities are way way more compact than European ones - Look at İstanbul
So I find myself in an awkward situation quite often
Devekuşu (Ostrich) = Camel bird
Funnily, the opposition won by a landslide the second time
To be fair the regime would have probably hung him, but they weren't too pleased with the lynching.
It’s very bland, the climate is dry and it’s underdeveloped
I have never heard of this event until now
Kill Assad, marry Putin, fuck Gülen
WHY NO ONE IS WEARING MASKS THOUGH
I've tasted it never, but people tell me it tastes like ouzo
Sorry if my grammar is bad
And Antwerp was probably the commercial center of Low Countries
Germans don't like Turks
Uber is lauched back
Bruh
Woah you can buy a whole city with that much money :D our economy is pretty shitty
Purim also celebrates something significant: the avoidance of Genocide (but not the one you are thinking of).
Also because of that same reason the cars can of course be bigger and have more un, or improperly sprung weight
Yes, newly built Third Bridge, will eventually lead to loss of those Northern Forests, which I think is essential for a city with so little green zones.
Pardus(Operating System)
"So you guys are Arabs right
There, i said it
Wars with Muslim states while Turks were Tengrist
You only asked a question Why people disliked lol :) no btw it is not banned
Nice job if you ask me, probably pays decent
And they are known for their biased attitude against different political parties in Turkey.
I don't know why everyone acts like they are an ambassador for their country though
Roman "recruitment" was literal slavery.
If that was the case in turkey we would have managed to fit 50 people in there
as if ataturk invented some sort of ideology and gave his name to it.
What stops them racing to show up on the lists though
Lmao
Yanlarina bir ucuncu kisi geliyor ve bu kisi bir bankaci
In Turkey we don't call free cats "strays". They happily live where they have always lived and are usually taken care of by people
He is at Fenerbahçe and not playing well at all.
In Çinçin
too bad we can't go outside after 9 pm but when this over i'll definitely go and eat some [kokorec]
As in nobody ever talks about it
This map tells the reader Turkey has a population of like 3 million people
We will only accept 1453, no more, no less ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
4-Generally Arabs
OK thats it, I am visiting Edinburgh no matter how broke I am
So those kind of things, implicit bias, gives me some hope, even the fact that Erdogan is trying SO hard to make it not so for the past two decades and *still* photos like above happen is a testament that Turkey doesn’t really see itself in the Middle East
Turkey and Hungary renovated Ottoman remnants together, adding plaques that explain their significance and also other works by their architects/funders which are mostly in Turkish borders
Anatolian Rock Revival Project
This is not counting your neighbours spying on you and whatnot.
Fuck my spelling :( sorry guys i am on mobile.
Where was your school, if I may ask
I guess the title didn't really stick
That's what 1
Who the heck downvoted
the teaman (or teawoman, both called *çaycı* since turkish language has no gender differentiation)
This rule will be applied especially strictly for new accounts
I’m not against licensed production in areas where we will loose too much money and yes Turkey does plan on becoming major power one way or another
Orimattila FI
Considering that all those jeunes turcs whomare present empire would be reformed
What the
$276m is not a huge amount for a $316b GDP economy.
I'm sure Mardin still has a Turkish *minority* which reinforces the feeling
But mocking him with drawing
Well, yeah, but it should also be remembered that most of Central and West Asia was under Persian cultural dominance for centuries
I can’t express the amount of times that americans (or brits) asked me if Turkey was a desert and if we really go around on camels and eat kebabs
Government knew this since 70s and largely used possibility of an EU membership for pure political/domestic reasons.
white people:asian people look all the same
They were of course scared that Nazis will attack Turkey, and they were more scared that, if Nazis attacked, Soviets will "save" Turkey.
Natural:
Imagine person who worked for around 1,500€ 3 years ago won 500,000€ bid to use as commercial of 2 most iconic and historic building in Istanbul
A Hdp mp said "know your place" to people who came from Caucasia and Balkans also some said "Pkk will drown you in their spit" etc.These are just populist statements they just say it to gain more moronic support.Erdoğan has been saying i ll send refugees to Europe since 2015 but he won't do it,Erdoğan said he would pray in Syrian mosque he won't,Erdoğan said "why are you in Libya" to Nato forces but he changed to "Kaddafi must go",he negotiated with PKK and now says "we won't negotiate with terrorist".People need to know what Turkish mps said but giving a part of it without giving the full speech and without giving detail about CHP is just stupid.A war didn't happen at the end of 90s and it won't happen now.
> Put it out
he was on CNN TURK.But it is not confirmed and he said chance.So it is better to wait for offical statement.
Iskender kebap, on the other hand, is the best way to eat doner by far
Istanbul Erkek is one of the best high schools in Turkey.
Like when you have guests, you serve them a cup of Turkish coffee
It's true, also the most proudest countries/nationalities have the least amount of accomplishments to be proud of.
Are u szekely
i can't even open the image without vpn
Also Turkish Republic refused to submit the Polish Embassy in Ankara to the Germans after they invaded Poland during WWII, unlike Austrian and Czech embassies.
Would you really have beer for breakfast though?
So almost all European languages are weird
We are only a little bit better than Belarus and our people don't even have balls to protest anything
They’re centre left and very concerned about the de-secularisation of Turkey, hence your perceived islamophobia
half the country's identification numbers was leaked
It can be based on religion too.
It's called hindi after India (India is Hindistan in Turkish).
Greeks, Assyrians, Kurdish etc
Some in Turkey criticize the government's hyper aggressive and illegal behavior.
And it takes a long time for a reactor to be in need of new supplies of fuel
only (old) gulenists dont hate from gulenists in turkey, i dont need to prove that to anyone
[oof]
The first day that you have less than 100 days to finish your service, people throw things at you, eggs or whatever they have until you become a walking mess
America armed Terrorist Organisation on Turkey’s border which extent 1150km and leaving the area without a control
it is rough to leave the place you were born and grew up in yes, but it is preferable to working a dead-end job
But they're a subculture, especially the way they talk.
Good
Even my family is considering moving back full time instead of a couple of months a year
It is not something the average kebap shop at the corner of your street can do
I think the reason that they've not done it yet is that both Turkey and Greece has bigger problems now, not that there's animosity or anything
Wish so hard I was there
while nobles were busy having a party and didn't care too much about it)
Its national anthem is the "National Anthem". The capital city is Ankara
Nuh, There is noone but Erdogan in public eye .
We have a food called "[gözleme] which also mean observing
We've been dealing with this shithead for 15 years...
Backgammon / Turkey
I'm from Eastern Greece btw, Smyrna.
Salo FI
Hatay did have a flag, but they were independent at the time
> Devil’s House
A lot of nationalism is never a good thing
You can find bigger percentage of extremists, far right wingers in any country.
Eti product are generally good.
England for colonizing
Also the first time I've seen foldable seats on a table like that
Well it was an armenian village in the past so that explains a lot
Germany
Were at a time where Europe, or at least it's current slate of leaders need Turkey's cooperation more than Turkey needs theirs.
The fact that they are so popular really makes me cringe.
Empowering the majority and removing privileged status from a minority isn't genocide.
Turkland
We should always fight against injustice but things gets tricky when injustice is legal and fighting for justice is not
*Yodelling sounds in the distance*
Much more strict of in EU and future EU application
Meme in Turkish  : Boobs
**Usa would like to talk to you**
sen değil kardeşim bu sub da ülkene ırkçılık yapılsa erdağının götünü öp derler herkesi erdoğanı destekliyor diye biliyorlar :d
I found some universities in Poland and Latvia that is affordable, do you have any other recommendations or experiences in these countries?
I don't like blatant state propaganda, even when it's against Gülen.
I don't think a Kurdistan should be formed in Turkey, but I support greater autonomy in Kurdish majority provinces.
We say "alo" too when we answer the phone
Some people don't see Atatürk as the founder of the country bu as the "traitor" who ended the "great" Ottoman Empire
If both sides agreed to demilitarization of the Aegean sea and free passage of non-military vessels the issue would be redundant and you can draw the borderline whenever you like basically.
Sure, Israel was our ally till AKP pop up
At least the Turkish pirate party promises these
However everyone is a millionaire
You can see much of his ideas since the mosque was designed by a student of his, you can also see a more pure form of Sinan's style in Süleymaniye and Selimiye mosques.
I mean, Serbs don't look European, and you're culturally very different from western europe.
It's not the same thing maybe, but it still ads-up with today's situation
But after the Karabakh war they were expelled as well
Parthenon
They think rest of the world don't like Erdoğan because everyone is scared of Turkey's power.
I was living in city over 2 million
We use the *karış* (handspan) as an informal unit of distance.
Aga bildiğin iskender bu
My sister went to university in Vienna, after graduation she got a good job there as well but she's moving to Canada with her bf for example.
There are loads of examples of communist individuals who've worked for peaceful goals.
I think the difference is though that there aren't many czechs in nürenberg, but there were poles already living in eastern prussia.
So we're not skipping it lmao
During the 80 Years' War, the elites from Holland had gained major influence, so they actually were against recapturing Antwerp in the later years of the war
We wuz khanz
"Close the brothels so that citizens come here to fuck us
What else do you hate everything
So biophysics is not about biology because it's about physic?
Add torture in military prisons, kangaroo courts, and state-funded assassinations to that
Additionally Africa is seeing unprecedented growth in life expectency, which will also slow down their population.
Baş
Not following, however I saw the magazine around a dozen times before the shooting itself, and read it a couple of times.
They just wanna play victim and score symphaty points here
Huh, I guess we are openly enemies with Belgium now.
Siktir
Erdogan
Edit: All political parties, including Erdogans opposition and 90% of the Turkish population supported the Syrian operations
Of course not, but the problem is Europe supports a racist, ultra nationalist person agains to Putin
We did that a few years ago and you will really miss the sun
It's not taught in your history as such, or shown in your media as such I assume
All of them okay in here
But WHAT DID YOU SAID ABOUT ISTANBUL
Your comment made me laugh and also made me relieved that I am not alone lol
Some headlines from our very own [Zaytung]
Like I said stop reading government news sources.
Our people are warm, hospitable and love teaching culture to tourists
That ties me to the other part, Erdogan
Transcontinental gang lez goo
Honestly, the only difference between our countries is the religion.
-Loves from Turkey
Ukraine
In February it was around -8 but humidity made it more comfortable
My grandfather did his military service in Istanbul in the late 1950's. While I'm sure his eyes are tinted by nostalgia to a degree, he says the Istanbul of that time was way better - "a lot of green spaces, no concrete monsters and little traffic" in his words
white Bulgarian-born immigrant
Though, it was ottoman territory back then, so it doesnt really count
Military artifacts have different traditions about them and Moldova never formally requested it afaik, but I'd personally argue it should be returned if requested as well
And government is giving them citizenship
We won against invaders, and we are a great republic now
Or they just skipped it
Agreed on the second part, the whole country is breathtaking
the last remaining significant Armenian communities are in Istanbul
Except they still can't watch you if you are away from your phone and whatnot.
I simply think I would rather go to Edinburgh than to London if I visit the UK again
Madlad
* "The biggest torture was listening to the screams of other women
He is talking about a civil war ffs.
Another purpose of these operations was ethnic cleansing
Paris or İstanbul
Question was do you feel threatened by your neighbor countries and i explained why Turks may feel threatened by Cyprus or Greeks what happened after that doesnt matter in this context
True story
People didn't really give a fuck either, there weren't big protests or anything except the beginning.
"a" for most equations, α for geometry
One of my favourites is Spaceship enterprise vs Atılgan(doesn't have a direct translation, has meaning between adventuresome and aggressive)
I guess the 'parallel state' is too powerfull
AAAAHHHH
But everyone hates Perinçek, who, for some reason, is considered nationally relevant despite getting 0
So let's say Turks really do have like 20 kids and become the majority of Germany and thus slowly assimilate the Germans into the Turkish group.
The youngest people as I observe learn thing in their own way
I recognize the genocide, but what’s the point of this shit you posted
I stopped watching when an army of Saxons were too afraid to attack a shouting cripple man on the floor
(Western anatolia is more tolerant about it)
If we can say various dynasties (with different borders and power centers) of China in different times were one polity we can say Mediterranean was a polity of empires that started before Rome, continued after and Rome was the greatest of them.
you shall fear from the glorious stronk sealand
don't let literalism get in the way of a good time
Turks lost almost all of their shining generations, from rich to poor, educated to business people during and post WW1
The years 1980-1983 were very dark years for Turkey - a paranoid nationalist military junta coupled with guerilla warfare in the countryside and massive political repression
It also makes the goals of the protest clear as sunshine so they can't pull, the they have no concrete demands trick (though it would be very difficult in this situation, I'll bet you a beer they will try before it's over).
**Turks are European (Balkan), Asian (Turkic), Anatolian, Caucasian, Middle Eastern (Persian) and Mediterranean
> Epic
The pronoun in Turkish is also "O".
Does it make any sense to blame them because their ancestors came illegaly?
Do not buy this PR from Germans.
Sounds familiar
If they speak English well they might choose to answer in English initially, but if you tell them you want to learn the language they'll be happy to help.
I will try to visit there next time I go to İstanbul.
While they indeed support terrorism in Turkey.
The song starts with the line "Viva la quinta brigada".
edit: forget about the temel liseler, map says primary education
My recommendation for tourists coming to Turkey is to use BiTaksi for at least checking how much the fare is beforehand and using Google Maps or Yandex Navi to avoid taking the long way
“Uhu” glue
Its Florida of turkey basically
The suggestion that Arabs=Turks is a good one
Are you the ones we could make Czechoslovak or are you the ones we couldn't make Czechoslovak
Just because a village is bigger than others and was made the provincial capital because there weren't any alternatives doesn't make it a city.
2 months ago when we opened the Greek border,Erdogan didn't open Bulgarian border,so i think he likes you
Macedonia
Promises made by Political Parties
Belki sevmiyosun adamları tamamda bari saygı duy kuruluş yıldönümlerine
Adana is the Turkish equivalent of Florida
This shitpost culture is soo old that roots to before ww1
Oh yes, I forgot to type about those
Russians calling beer a soft drink always make me smile
[This one
You d be stoning people if you were born in the Middle East.
People already didn't know how to read or write arabic alphabet at that time because they were not educated.
And can someone please explain why toilet paper of all things is the first thing that runs out in a panic situation
Here's HDP's [islamic conference] and [memorial for Sheikh Said] leader of the Islamist uprising of 1925.
They can easily say no and it'll cause even more migrants to come to Germany.
Please tell me how does this help our "Holy peacekeeping mission"?
Not to say the German Turks are awesome or anything, but you guys are partly to blame.
yeah, it’s called “kuş dili” which basically means bird language
British would've joined Crimean War later on with or without being in good terms with the Ottomans, due to British not wanting Russians to gain anymore influence.
Same for me, but it doesn’t make me religious at all
Malicious people abuse this like they insult people online and if people reply to their insult with a similar wording, they basically sue you and profit if they win the court
Same in Turkey
Pretty successfully to be honest
Capitalism wants you to believe some kind of freedom movements like that
Demanding evidence doesn't mean I'm one of them
The Young Turks while being liberalish where behind brutal massacres of Christian populations ( not to mention the Armenian Genocide ).
In Turkey it's illegal to smoke indoors (if it's not your private property), for example
Porto has personality
Also we have 3 draining system
We had snow for a few hours in istanbul
If they speak slow, i can understand Azerbaijani pretty well
They turned him into a convertible
When we said we're taking the land back they shrugged, said have a nice one and left without firing a single bullet.
Also technically money was invented in Turkey by Lydinans
It tells about some of the reforms in education and bureocracy
> Refugees
Not only Erdogan supporters and who can blame them when the YPG is wearing Apo patches and running around with Apo flags.
This is a terrible solution people will start smoking simply because they are now not allowed to buy.
They’re fucking ignorant little cunts.
They are the biggest of the PIGS and also the richest
I think Union Jack is taking revenge by giving you taste of her weather
it are both banned
* [Bursa and Cumalıkızık: the Birth of the Ottoman Empire] (2014)
The oldest man built structure "Göbeklitepe" is situated in Turkey, Şanlıurfa, dating back 12 thousand years ago
Mamma mia grazie tante
Honestly the prisons are already overfull...
I think you will still be able to visit all those places, the British passport should remain solid, you just won't be able to live and work there.
> Are you saying Israel is in Europe cause it is in Eurovision
It was clearly u/qwert577889 from r/ukpolitics
Please be a coincidence
One of  the most used ones literally translates as "be alive" lol
Dear Europeans you are goddamn lucky.It was most painfull time in my life yet i was only nine years old when i got circumcised.Never ever gonna do same to my child if i get one.
For Commies: Every Ottoman sultan, all nationalst parties and also all of the political leaders turkey ever had
Oh we are in the schengen area finally
There are thousands of ways we could have avoided The Great War
We don't have anything that unifies us, just this very bizarre Turkish nationalism when almost no one in Turkey is actually Turkish.
''Respect my religion that calls you infidels dogs and animals, or I'll kill you because I'm a follower of everything that're holy
You are right, coherence in religion and language through history helped these cultures survive
Instead of what Hitler thought he knew about him, I'd rather look at Atatürk's foreign policy against rising fascism.
[Look here] What's photographed is literally European soil but there is some butthurt Greek dude bitching about the post
Lol even in r/europe nobody reads articles.
15 years passed since he was elected .
Who knew
And at least a hundred other things that i don't remind right now
Aren’t both of them same
Afterwards Atatürk assimilated the Muslims to Turks through Turkification.
I mean if not wanting to murder them counts as a pro-LGBT sure he is but he would never bring same-sex marriage or protective rights to them.
” “I forgot something at home and had to return back
as a way to stop the "abominable Turk"
As a Turk, I am with France
Don't*
Ronaldo isn't paid by public organisations, unless she believes she lives in a country that is organised as a communist state, her argument is just invalid
Erik Dalı is the absolute worst imo
She said in the book made by state shows Serbia as the aggresor so she had to teach it like that
That's just a propaganda
Championship Manager: Season 01/02.
The reason Islamists have tried to attack that (Yeah they hate Santa.
This will have positive long-term consequences for everyone in the region in the long run
Add Turkey and take it up to f*cking 70
thats interesting i live in turkey and i live in bosnian town
I also know enough Muslims to know that every individual has different values not always conforming to their society.
Thank you
Uhh, may I ask what's wrong with her?
It constantly rains in the Black Sea region of Turkey and people there are [ethnically closer to Georgians] and Crimeans than Turks (most of them converted to Islam in 19th century) so yes you are right.
They only want your money and then they will make you poor
Students bring their materials with a backpack everyday
It's very hard to find a peaceful silence in big city life
Shocking is a bit too much, but I've personally had the chance to see German, Dutch and French people being surprised in different times over the large number of pubs in the city where I live
Stop comparing an os and a device
ananı national geographic belgeselinde sikerim insanlar arslan ciftlesmesi görür..ananın amına 5+1 hoparlör sokar kolonları titretirimananı hollandadaki altın portakal film festivaline götürür amına portakal ağacını sokarımanana gerilla kostümü giydirir şanlı türk ordusunun icine atıp harmandalı oynattıktan sonra amına c4 yerlestirip havaya ucururumananı ramsstein konserinde pistte sikerim du hast şarkısını tersten okuttururumbabanın o kokmuş corabını ananın amına sokarımananı galatasaray fenerbahçe derbisinde kale yapar musa sow gibi hatrick yaparımkaradenizin cılgın dalgalarında sörf yapmaya calısırqene diye fotograf cektiren bacının amına sörf tahtasını sokarımananın amına nokia 3310 sokar polifonik müzik eşliğinde sikerim
So Already dead platform becomes unavailable nobody cares
We got our asses kicked a lot by them because our focus was in the West
Confusing, I know
In a complex world like this, creating and protecting one absolute and objective truth, one way to look at things, one way to interpret the world is not possible
> Ironically this one was not legally binding, meaning parlament could have ignored it completely - if it was legally binding the most probably outcome is for the result to be declared null
This is a fake news
In the morning there's no sun until you get to work (normally this should happen much farther north) and it increases the amount of traffic accidents, and you think you will get extra sunlight in the afternoon but actually when you get out of work it's dark anyway.
Yes, but since MHP is supporting Erdogan for quite some time now, I think they started to blend in with each other.
I would like to visit China also, sometime
"Mine doesn't work
Then Christianity, Judaism, Atheism etc
In Orkhon Inscriptions, the Turkish Khaghan Bilga from about 6th century had written that even though he was inclined to convert to Budism, his second in command, Tonyukuk   warned him that China is relentless, allowing themselves to be too reliant to the Chinese will cause long term subordination and they shouldn't be tricked by short-term gains
Afyonkarahisar=Opium Black Castle<---this one is my favourite
a) I think centre right voters voting for AKP mainly happened because of the support of western neoliberal investors so it’d have happened regardless because I believe they would not support a coalition like that as they were looking for political stability
nato is basically free defence for turkey at this point with no return
Pretty solid evidence for both the pre-Turkic history and Turkic history of Anatolia
Turkey is the biggest economic partner of TRNC
There is two versions of Europe:
Gagauz is interesting as well
Comments are so one-sided
A footie match between Austria and West Germany and the ref was Israeli.
These people who are hell bent on turning our backs on the west dream about the day turkey becomes a country similar to the UAE, Saudi Arabia, or Qatar but in reality due to the fact that we dont have the same sort of resources we'll more than likely turn out to be some sort of Iraq or Afghanistan sort of place.
It is so good they moved their capital just for it.
Sorry for the personal blog post but I really hate that I have to pay to even apply for a visa, and get rejected simply because I don't have 10,000 euros in my bank account or some other reason.
But they're not a majority, they'll never be.
And that guy is right that capitalist were appeasing Nazis
During my time in Poland, everytime I would walk to uni and see this little bakery that was making premium quality paczki and I would be giving it to myself as a treat
Then someone published a full passport copy of another innocent guy.
EU has too much to lose if Putin has it his way.
So we should stand with PKK, its supporters and suicide bombers because when they came for us these terrorists will speak for me.I didn't like this idea.
Nobody deny the deaths by the hands of Ottoman Empire.
If Moroccoan Army invaded Netherlands tomorrow, killed as many Dutch they could, then placed their own people, it would be maybe a similar situation.
Maybe
(what
I think referendum shows what actual people of TRNC wants
It is perfectly normal to be inspired by ancient monuments around you.
They were different culturally from Modern Turkey which was built on the Turkish identity
Man same thing in Turkey
I assumed they would be pronounced similar as other words that are similar with english like corner and "korner". But believe me they sound really different and I realised that this year
Neuschwanstein Castle
Also we haven't exactly been [that nice] to them.
And Antwerp was probably the commercial center of Low Countries
I suggest you read the survey again, this is even if Turkey was the friendliest and most democratic country on earth.
Because cards remove association of money with a limited resource
You do realize that the EU supported him heavily until recently right?
That is for brand.This list is for the model(which is fiat egea) not for the brand.
i always looked up to british people ever since i was a kid.
It is really rife joke amoung us
DONT G I V E  U P
Oof, you just made me remember how fucked up the situation is in Cyprus
What do you expect us to do with all that juicy kebap
sorry, i cannot edit the album to change it, not my oc.
>But keep in mind that both communities commited atrocities
Criticizing it is not racism, not even the slightest
* [Göbekli Tepe] (2018)
I'm very surprised and try to convince him to not to come
Looks like an ad from GTA universe
Dude, Morocco was ruled by Marinids.
Flag of Northern Cyprus is painted on the southern slope of the Kyrenia Mountains from the view of Southern Cyprus
You can travel in the EU for 90 days but you cannot travel outside of EU if you don't register your residence permit
Even if you pay it off you still have to do it for 1 month but it's rather a vacation than actual soldiering
Look at the other map on my other reply to u/young_chaos
He definitely has an accent in Turkish too but it's much lighter than the one he has in English
They tried to write handicraft
IDK why but I had alot of fun while checking this out
watch this:
Agglutinative gang
But whenever I wan't something to be true I try to be extra skeptical before believing it.
I counted 52 on this page:
We must maintain our peace
You could pronounce it as in indicative form of split and everyone can write it down
Same goes for all countries I'd imagine
We have mosques with full blast megaphones and they use them for every God damn things
And the ones that do care have a hard time to connect the app due to the shitty groundwork
It sounds pretty good
as a turk all coup leaders is bad
Comments at the bottom almost made me hate humanity
its basically same thing
> Only statistic we do have is, CHP had more Bosniak MPs and more Bosniaks as the official active party members but that also doesn't mean anything for whom the majority of the Bosniaks do cast their votes
It sounded insane, even for middle schooler(?) me
tavşan kostümü giyip fotograf cektirince kendini playboy dergisinde kapak sanan ananın amına evdeki elektrik süpürgesini sokarımananla karşılıklı salsa yaparken piste takla atarak giren orospu cocugu kardeşini götünden sikerim
People get together to help you when you re down but you don’t have much privacy
If is there a chance to make this front page, let’s do it in order to get it seen by everyone
Bold of you assume thah we elect our leader anymore
The amount of homeless people, trash on the streets along with the quality of the subway was pretty fucking depressing though
Which one do you prefer
Of course, it has nothing to do with Turkey :P
isn't is 2-D?
If you go into a house of someone I give it a 90% chance that their living room looks straight out of 2001
Guess who played a part in it getting fucked up.
I should have been clearer
Same as close you are early you come
Saviours of Mankind
They may have split, but the 'stache remains the same
I can relate
Any other country would have act the same way.
I feel europan because I've born and raised in Europe and my family are from balkans
*Yawn*. It is a wonder that they launched this at a time when capitalism’s failures are so bluntly apparent
I was expecting the media to explain the differences between Rojava, Iraqi Kurdistan (whom Turkey helped build and support) but they simple seem to label them as "kurds".
They aren't exactly culturally Turkish either.
Turkey opposed “Safe Zone” in 2012 which nobody listened
We are supposed to go back to the way it was before the invasion which has not happened yet.
But when it's for government there should be some rules
It is true that our relations with each other are not the best right now, but please keep in mind that media, especially in Turkey and Greece, can sometimes be on the nationalistic side because of the past
you will never find the turk horses, i will not afraid
I've been to Vienna and she's a beauty alright, but I can't imagine her without coffee.
couldn’t find the english translation but yeah
2) The word has a poor connotation in Turkey(at least in official usage), as it was(and still is) used by numerous Kurdish nationalist and Maoist terrorist insurgencies
NOOOOO dude why you gotta post it here :(
Lauria IT
I think that's where they will hit opposition the hardest
He has a duty to not be involved in politics
Absolute impudence and disrespect in brief
Well, he's living in Netherlands.
Turkey has been dealing with PKK for more than 20 years and now ISIS so it is normal.
**If they let you to design a regular building instead of a monster, it could be an architectural masterpiece in Turkey
You just can't classify us as one single entity
Other one would be this: [Ashina Jiesheshuai] raiding palace with 40 men
Additionally America has this sort of machismo, “authentic” every-man, anti-intellectual, anti-elegant thread that runs through it’s culture; there is a heavy correlation between that attitude in America and where in America the roads run straightest as well
But it's hard to pick a favorite because they're all great
Exactly
Sputnik is a wonderful newspaper haha
He is unqualified, completely inept, and entirely suitable to run a barber shop, not a country
Those ancient Turks were called Çatal höyük.
They just had been brought to Germany by Turkish diaspora, so it seems wrong to say those are german cuisine just because they are popular in Germany
I think we have already established that what the establishment in Turkey needs is a strong dose of disestablishmentarianism.
In most places they aren't really popular
His house is protected by CIA, the assassinator of Russian Ambassador to Turkey was graduated from his schools and his family was members of this organization
Some parts of the world still use other lingua francas where English could not make the effect it made in other parts
Ssht, while you werent looking we have already fabricated claims on Kreuzberg and the Ruhrgebiet.
But we have 2 types, youth and olds
They do have a very distinctive accent yes, but then so do a lot of regions in Turkey proper, so ultimately it doesn’t make them any less Turkish
Yes, indeed
It is the designated part of the city for progressives, after all
When asked she says she's Jewish
” “Buses were full
Whole reddit calls your bullshit out, even your own countrymen.
Gibraltar Strait actually looks cool
And on top of that, in Chicago I spent half my time on paths off of city streets, and it was still miserable overall
I am from Izmir
Maybe their strongly worded letters can clog the national mail system.
**ARTICLE 1-** The State of Turkey is a Republic
We have that in Turkish too
Corruption and oil-based economy fucked them up, terrible money policies (fixed rates, denying inflation when you are dependent on foreign markets) further reinforced market failure and their leaders use populist discourses to justify their stay in power and blame their failure on everyone but themselves.
Ain't no war is going to come out of this
Does alcohol consumption change behaviours in society
2) When it first became capital, it was a railway hub
> And people wonder why the state of israel has to exist and why they have to take such harsh measures, people forget how many hundreds of millions of people still hate jews simply for being jewish
He's the president of Turkey and it seems like you're trying to minimize it because you regard him as an embarrassment.
Doğum günün kutlu olsun Litvanya
Previous government banned headscarf and closed down religious schools which became a perfect tool to make this all about muslims vs seculars (not many people buy this but there is a considerable amount of people who won't vote for chp because they are atheists lol).
And iPhone users don't bully Android users here
I don’t know if it is a streotype type but Turkish elders are really funguys when they are not talking
"Црна Гора" means black mountain in Montenegrin language
Fugg :DDDDDD
If they don't and want to get into this fight anyway, they'll lose.
Turbines and solar cells break, plus they are intermittent and nuclear can provide a good baseline to supplement solar, wind and wave.
The word peach sounds a lot like piç,which means bastard, in Turkish
Lowkey Turkey doesn't know it too but hey, I will take this chance to shit on Russia
The funny thing is election propaganda outside Turkey is strictly outlawed by the constitution in Turkey.
Phobia suggests unfounded fear.
How would a sane person eat this shit
It's called Mantı(Mahnty), meat covered with dough, made by boiling, then adding yogurt, tomato sauce, pepper and all sorts of spices, and covering it all with butter at the end
Oh yah, also Turkey, but mainly France.
If Russia were America the Green would rule the red
For a non-emotional person you went to full gear pretty fast mate.
In city centre, most of the people uses Istanbul Dialect so this is why it is hard to see now
I'm learning it at a starter level and even at that point I think it has some unique features when heard
Ministry of Education gives a 100 book recommendations list each year with small changes
After reading the replies of [this] thread, it kept me wondering that how did perceptions change so quickly in Europe.
We are so bad, we arent even evaluated
They do have lotta steppes there
He said why it is important for us and i am not Erdoğan buddy.
We suck at foreign language education
Everyone is adding Estonia to their bucket list solely because of this tweet
Muğla, some deep parts of south east anatolia, some parts of east black see
I thought it was tomorrow
Junta wasn't paranoid they, the terror was real in eastern proviences (I have lived there about 5 years, even a lot of kurds, despite hating military, support the coup because of terrorism *again*)
Baklava belongs to Greek
They are just trying to feel more comfortable by putting you in a dangerous situation
More orthodox priests like this less of the ones who bless weapons and soldiers
An good friend of my family's ancestors was from Rumelia for example they came to Anatolia in population swap.
It depends on your field and where you're working
Low effort comeback, genocide, evil west hmm 3/10.
Kurdish Militant Group Claims Bomb Attack that Killed 38 in Istanbul
idk but it has to
So you build sturdier buildings, invest in healthcare, don't wear socks at home, and don't believe every news article or statement from a politician
And they had the grace to call it bira as god intended
yeah but as far as i remember it all started with 'hiding the country from erdogan' while he was on a trip.
I mean belgium did not ban it just legally declared it gambling thus should be subject to gambling regulations which is very fair
sadly there will be a massive earthquake on istanbul next 30 years
Also you may heard that, there is a racist stereotype in Turkey "Greeks love swimming" this is about greece losing and getting back to aegean isles in the Turkish Inpendenece War (1920-1922)
Also do you have any sources to back your claims?
>  People in villages will have lower class names than people in cities
on the platform
But this contradicts with "throw some letters together everyone will read it the same". There might be some issues there
No, there are no independent institutions in Turkey.
What the fuck are these recent attacks
I do not give a flying rat's ass if you are bothered with being called bro.
You are both right and wrong, most of what happens today in Turkey falls under the umbrella of Erdoğan.
Choose one, brate
By that way, we cant meet with the Libyan zone
England, and Hungary
for Ottomans in 1890: sick man of europe
EDIT: dammit people stop with smiley faces
You cant call it summer if it is below 30 degrees
Erdogan also kept his words, at the beginning, then the power got to him.
:)))
His authoritarianism is only making him less popular these days, but he has no choice but to hold onto it if he wants to stay
Once I didn’t recognise my own language
Everyone perceives life through their filters and creates their own reality
In İstanbul average is probably between like 40 to 50
Both events pretty unrelated btw
Horde armies with USSR and China
It has nothing to do with Erdogan
Thank you for your service
[The billboard ]
yeah, yet it's not even 1 liter.
Its pretty easy for non-natives to pronounce
OP whats this downvote brigade on this thread
We are part of the middle east
We live in Turkey, what do you think?
I also wouldn't want to give away my labour rights (e.g. holidays)
* [Ephesus] (2015)
İt is great that you have admiral in charge of a landlocked country
Go on I am sure you'll have fun with your new 3 million citizens.
I am neutral on subject of Kurds deserving their own state
I don't know about them being stationed there but this isn't a proof, not even remotely
We also have uncle that plays with card and slaps it at the table
"Emniyet şeridi" (lit
not much...and that is a good thing for reddit
Depends on what minority really, non-caucasians I'd agree.
But in general, they are called "Barzo", "Apaçi" (EN: Apache) or most currently, "Arizona Kertenkelesi" (EN: Arizona Lizard)
Tanrı is just the Turkish word for God, stemming from the old Turkic word "Tengri".
And thats why the cat was vibing
So Turks identify with Turkic culture and people despite not being 100% Turkic anymore, cause an average Turk knows that he'll receive a warm welcome  from his fellow Turkic people despite not being mostly Turkic genetics-wise whether he goes to Bashkortostan and Tatarstan in Russia or Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan in Central Asia, while Balkan people won't count him as one of them no matter how much genetic similarity to them he bears
It's just there
exchange when Kemal wanted to get rid of them.
It should be considered that the Armenian population at that time was divided between 3 Empires
It's only accepted in Turkey, Moldova, Ukraine, Georgia and Northern Cyprus
~~Finally the entire country won't be sold to the Russians for cheap~~
I: I am Turkish/from Turkey
Apart from online courses, you can put videos, documents, tests, tasks etc
What about God
Supposedly, his company was almost wiped out by the gunfire from the ship but he got up after the attack and singlehandedly fired three artillery shells (each weighing around 276 kgs) and sunk the ship
*kopya* (n.) copy
Sarsina IT
Yes, but Turkestan actually DOES exist already
"Aegea is not a greek lake, neither a turkish like
Mutlu Noeller ve Yeni Yılınız Kutlu Olsun
Too many things but recently i've learned that Greece has the lowest suicide rate in [Europe] is very impressive despite the how their economy right now.It shows that how lively, warm-blooded their people are.
In hindsight Hitler is often thought of the product of this supremely racist ideology that the allies fought against, but he was only a few steps more racist than the allies (see for example Churchill).
Only thing that we have common with Arabs is the religion which we still have huge difference in that
I appreciate that you even remember the names
Please learn anything except Döner "Kebab". Döner isn't a kebab properly guys
Do you pronounce "yarın" as in tomorrow, the same as “yarın” as in indicative form of split
ugh
Also note: Homosexuality hasn't been criminal since 1858.
Istanbul Ottoman Era Mobsters and Gang Leaders
[First thing to come to my mind]
Turkey too for sure
A small capitalist paradise
There are various plant designs with different risks.
There are rules, and good parenting is also teaching your child those societal rules and norms, not allowing your child to tread upon them because you love them so much
I googled but found absolutely nothing.
What reality
Last time I checked Armenians were Christian.
It probably has to do with politicization of Islam.
So this might be why
Ayçiçeği = Moon flower and the meaning of the word is sunflower
"(with a perfect Istanbul accent)
Not if it is not too much
Burundi or Congo are whatever African or Asian country you will bring up are not
Plus cats have a special spot within Islam so people hold them dearly
That's why Czechia is not a valid comparison.
It's a bit disturbing when I have to talk about them in Turkish
I know :)
sorry for having a dumbass as a president
Abdulhamid (most of the islamist leaders)
Though I should add man may not be seen as presentable with face piercings
[^(source with tweet screenshots in Turkish)]
It's really, really iconic but it's a 10 second video, so I guess it doesn't count
i lived in istanbul for a year and never passed to the european side
do turkey
Russia is threatening to EU members in the eastern Europe, Tayyip is threatening to the Mid East and Turkey.
You can express a lot of things just by one word
While I was in Istanbul a middle aged woman asked me how could she pass to the "African side". I think she thought Istanbul is on both Europe and Africa or something
thank you
That i/ı, İ/I difference is mostly not given attention by foreigners, their pronunciations are also somewhat similar for someone who is not native and the results are quite funny when someone misuses them
There ARE Turks that fit the Oriental "Brown" stereotype don't get me wrong
tbh every conversation can end up as a food conversation in turkey
I am not sure what you mean by "being immune to opposition".
They are more affordable compare to larger cities (maybe Norway is an exceptation)
And I also hope that We will be in eu with our european brothers and sisters with good meanings and civilised in the future
[This] is probably the kind of example you're looking for.
Ankara isn't interestin either
Not very common outside of national holidays though
What you guys think of Turkey and Kurds
Coincidentally that guy absolutely hates monkeys for some reason
Avusturya Macaristan
yet he gets at least 19 upvotes.
It caused an uproar and the PM himself did some small changes and now it will be voted again with the Prime Minister's support this week.
It depends who you refer; branch of PKK, they should feel threaten, a random Syrian shouldn’t. But my point was over refugee crisis
In social science, apparently it is still an ongoing debate if people actually refuse to integrate or not as I understand from [this] study, which seems to review both arguments
İnce does not use the same language
Don’t forget Syria, Iraq and Lebanon
Why the fuck they would feel unsafe?
I hear comparisons to either Japanese or Latin languages
You call me delusional but compare Ottoman Empire to biggest colonial empire of the history that is built upon conquering and enslaving half of the world.
It was recommended to read in 8th grade and it is full of words that I didn’t know and experience was like you can read it but don’t understand a thing at all
I am pretty sure a lot of people know Yavuz Sultan Selim (Selim I)
They live in the fucking MIDDLE AGES there
Richer areas like Levent
and my country isn't in eu
In Turkish :
Bro if I had the means to go to Viena I would have years ago
...except the EU can *never* speak with a single voice
Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez
Mouth and ears
Yüz numara = Hundred number (a misnomer from French where the public toilets were numbered 00, "sans" número, heard as "cent numero", number 100)
No weaklings should rule." This may give you an idea.
Of course Alan Kurdi, a Syrian child, lying dead on a beach in Bodrum
It doesn't matter what the article about if Turkey is in it the comment section will be filled with discussions about whether Turkey will be EU member or not.
This is a shame for all of us
it is the most true thing in the whole universe probably
You see the mistake you are making is refering to a specific dish as köfte.
the army of the duck is gathered
•Eskişehir:Good infustructure,modern people, a major who made the city cradle
This kind of claims just further damage everything
After the government was overthrown, Henze cabled Washington, saying, "our boys [in Ankara] did it."[32] Henze denied American involvement in the coup during a June 2003 interview on CNN Türk's Manşet, but two days later Birand presented an interview with Henze recorded in 1997 which confirmed Mehmet Ali Birand's account.
Saraybosna was built at the time of Ottoman Rule (I mean yeah, Ottomans weren't the first there but they built lots of things and constructed the basics of city), and first name was Bosnasaray iirc, saray means palace in Turkish
So be it, my name has nothing to with my private life LOL
but you didn't push for it.So he pleases anti-Atatürk and pro Atatürk crowd at the same time).In bigger pictur AKP's foreing policy was a mess now they are trying to fix it(They are improving relations with Russia,Iran,Israel and working on projects with Greece).So he won't declare war or anything like that.
You are whole again
I have put these locations [into my Map] and colored them
It's not clear what he's saying in that moment with camera turning away so I can't say which for sure
These guys should learn a few tricks from Erdogan.
Every single person who watches your videos are fucking stoopid.
One day you are fighting for democracy and freedom the other day you fight for oil
There is an opt-out for religious lessons
A lot of different kinds of trees are common, it depends on the area and climate.
Now they are sucking Germany
People were angry this time and the opposition won with 1 million votes more than the ruling party's candidate
But when it comes to Central Asia it becomes very hard,of course  I can understand most of the words but I cant understand when someone speaks
They are the biggest of the PIGS and also the richest
Thank you
Self-determination is not your right to commit terror against cops, conscripts, civilians.
Wow i didn't know dutches did an arab genocide
It's like my own government fucking teasing me deliberately
Adana, which is a province in southeastern Anatolia and hot as fuck
That's the point
Chinese
You need some more upvotes
Personally, I think the meat represses the smell and taste of grape leafs and lemon
I will listen [this] frequently.
My hometown bolu has the tomb of hannibal barka
PKK is a terrorist organization
It is not pleasant at all, but they are 1st world problems
Our youth is growing open-minded and not-religious
- Article 3: The State of Turkey is an indivisible entity with its territory and nation
Every country has crazy far-right/left politicans who make outrageous pledges like this but they generally barely get 1% of the votes.
I always thought Germany looked like a really big head
It was a horrible attack on secular values
Australia participated in Eurovision and was on the sidebar map for a while.
Why do I say I'm Turkish even though I probably don't have any % of Turkic DNA in my blood
Whether you're pro-Erdoğan or anti-Erdoğan, we can't tolerate PKK terrorism.
it has (R+L)/2 sound
Yeah someone threw a handgreanade to their mother-in-law another guy drove his car to a river to cool the car,another person shot at the sun because it was too hot
It is illegal but I've seen them collecting money on the Domplatte, Neumarkt in Cologne.
Tollo FI
We are Hunnic brothers aren't we :(
We cannot even tax their shops because they have no ID
I am an atheist myself
Indians
Eventually I hear about other European countries politic news
They have to conquer Serbia first, just to survive.
Eventually I hear about other European countries politic news
Having a strong accent is typically tried to be avoided as it is perceived a bit too rural in general
Technically Germany didn't even exist back then.
She was a ruler of a civilitation where women had a voice and treated respectful and almost equally with men
Iki tane durum var bu deyimin kullanilabilecegi;
Trump will bring erdogan and putin together.
), there is a carved text (dating back to 9th century) by a Viking which says "Halvdan was here
It would be pretty nice if the Entente didn't refuse to give us the territories we asked for (Aleppo, Mosul, Arbil, Kirkuk, and the Aegean Islands) after the War of Independence
If you want me to give you a percentage
we have yoghurt and turkish people believe turks found yoghurt . but in america yoghurt names is greek yoghurt
how else does Turkey keep giving salary while launching sattelites and whatnot into orbit
It was 43 degrees here two weeks ago
Fun fact, Okey is invented when card games were banned in coffee shops
Iraq: Not really, even for Peshmerga (a. k. a. Iraqi Kurdistan)
Turns out exploiting other continents makes yours richer
Wait
Spoiler alert: We do not
I don't agree with him but most of your claims are false.
Seriously, any second name that could come to mind would be far below his level
The movies weren't bad but I think they didn't hit the spot exactly.
900 TL which is 15600 euros, and also the lowest income for workers is 2500 TL so you need to work around 50 months to get a new car
Fuck the governments who don't want Cyprus to be free
since yesterday the sub is under siege by trolls , people are riled up, its not the best time for cool headed , objective discussion
Nigeria, Liberia, Honduras, Haiti, Angola, Malawi, ...
You shoot to the air to say hi/im here and the other person shoots back to confirm that he/she heard the gunshot
They mostly have english subtitles too
Mount & Blade series is probably the most popular one
don't act like removing (totally not genocide) turks from their homelands in the balkans is no crime.
Kurufasulye is the name of a specific type of beans, yes.
Just another day that I'm embarrassed of my government, yay.
Do i even have to give an example
How the fuck do immigrants find a job and feed themselves while even Polish can't find proper ones.
It's like calling La Marseillaise the French anthem
That's a lot of song to listen :)
I’d stop that change
We don't drink it everytime, but we still drink it a lot
We pronounce the word "archive" wrong
If you check turkish politicial history , you will understand .
_Laughs in Turkey_
Damn that is interesting
Personally I haven't discussed my salary since I started making much more than the average wage and my friends who also make much more than the average dont either
And now they are testing old people and the old people in Germany are dying in pain
This is a very sad day
We have “mantı”.
As soon as the government kinda sorta got rid of the special courts everybody got out.
it's not your fault, no problem after all
He and Barzani is pretty buddies and Erdogan does not have any problem with Iraqi Kudistan government neither with their people.
Many times the colonial government set the ethnic sides against each other and incited ethnic and religious tension so that they wouldn't unite against the colonial government.
They’re indeed a part of the Western culture but not exactly European, these two differ
Does it matter
If it exists, it exists
Good call
There are the aforementioned Tri-nation jokes but I can't think of any in which the German is stereotypically German and not just a placeholder any other nation could be used for.
It was extremely confusing watching an English cooking video before learning "pasta" didn't mean "cake" in English
He supports his image using nationalistic nonsense which even he was blatantly against only a few years prior and by trying to arouse a meaningless patriotic feeling in people
Does anybody know if anyone else recognized Mehmet II as the Ceasar of Rome back then
In turkish its röntgen too, weird
It's certainly not beneath him but with strict ballot control which became a tradition now he won't be able to hide it, which will create a huge scandal.
You think nationalists didnt make this mistake?
When I try to do that, it looks so artificial.
Siege Kurdish towns until they hand over/kill every PKK terrorists.
I'm not a fatalistic guy at all, but you can't stop a nation from ruining itself
Also it is commonly affected by cold weather waves from Balkans and Siberia.
Same, except we do it only when we board
Wow
And what does it have to do with it?
Message the mods to exclude Turkey from this sub reddit or unsubscribe.
We are mostly descended from local Anatolians and migrants (Balkan Muslims, Crimeans, Circassians, etc..
The Turkish word for Greek, which is Yunan(from Ionian) did not refer to Greeks until 17th/18th century, and even today, Cypriot Greeks and Greeks living Turkey are called Rum, which is Turkish version of Roman.
With Kurdish Terrorist, we have on going problem for 40 years
+ Economic and culturel gap between east and west Turkey
Atatürk
average turk will not recognize it,but every year there is more and more discussion , more people who step up to apologize and call for discussions , sadly , constant trolling and patronizing stuff is not helping the turks who are trying to fight against the circle jerk
He definitely has an accent in Turkish too but it's much lighter than the one he has in English
I guess marmara sea too isn't invited
I think Iran
Most of the other stuff about Sex ED was together in the class
I am sorry but it seems like I was right to blame the education system of Greece because you reached to that conclusions simply based on your lack of information on this subject.
Thanks to our glorious sultan our cheapest beer is 5-6 times more expensive than cheap German beers.
ISP is Doping ADSL (is a very shitty ISP)
The biopic of Erdogan is at 1.9 and it would currently fit in bottom 10 and 20 worst movies of all time but it's not on the list right now probably due to some algorithm in the back end of IMDb that delays placements.
Some of the demonyms does not make much sense in my language and is not widely used too but as below as per your pattern;
(Estimated) Which is fucking abysmal compared to previous years.
Istanbul isn't capable of having 15 million residents.
If you are muslim,you have to be circumcised
In every military aspect there is an example of this
You seem really informed for someone from India.
PKK declared self independent
I mean that if it doesn't pass, there is nothing Erdo can do.
Sorry for what we did
thank goodness i found my way though
Nope
His divan (a collection of poems) has this famous 4 liner, where the first 2 ones are used in everyday life when the context arrives
Honestly, I've seen both
Generally Grandma’s says this as “You left with one skin and one bone”, it means you are too skinny which is not for long after that proverb
Another one is showing Forestry
Luckily, you'd not be out of something to watch thanks to our own domestic movie industry
We gave that away basically for peanuts
Russia only stepped in after Turkey attacked Assad's forces, not the YPG
Cyprus is owned by cypriots not Turkey nor Greece.
It's a mistake almost everyone I know makes
Well, that's not the scientific meaning.
(sorry) ahahaha
Not that his speeches are passionate.
yeah, you're right
Voting against Le Pen can have multiple reasons, not just values.
Because they are easiest target everyone hate Kurdish Party .
>I see the others suggested you VIC for Greece
And our neighbour in 6th floor helped to pass chemistry test by giving me free private lesson in 4 in the morning
And sorry about the whole mess our government caused, I hope everything gets back to normal asap
Personally I think, and everyone I know, an iron fist needed for turkey at that time, country was driven to a civil war more than ever
In Turkey:
I used to think cities (or states) having flags was only in the US but apparently a lot of cities have flags
Someone send it to /r/oldschoolcool
Yeah Turkey has been padding these numbers with visa waiver agreements with Djibouti, etc
well, obviously I was not born during alphabet revolution, but afaik; it was not a hard transition.
Böhmermann's video had a quite different tone.
He does have twitter, but at the moment he loves Trump.
I don't see either of those parties or politicians getting 40% or whatever it was AKP got last elections
Who in Europe gives a damn about democracy in Turkey and Turkish people's wellfare
From what I understand, one looks like a shopping mall and the other is a home improvement retailer
It could be argued that a referandum wasn't needed, it wasn't the right time, a bigger majority should've been needed etc.
There are even people who are literally ~100% Laz, Bosnian, Kurdish etc in Turkey who identify as Turks due to being born and raised in Turkey, speaking Turkish, having Turkish names and being Turkish citizens
Shut up or they will burn the Philippines flag.
Why would anybody become pro Russia if not completely out of mind?
Since Greece and Turkey protector of each state, I meant approval as just to sign, agree it whatever it comes out
And not just Istanbul , most of our city names have greek roots .
I'm not a big fan of what erdo is doing in syria but thats kinda true
can you send link
He wasn't that much crazy before 2014 imo .
Is it annoying
[**BORDER BETWEEN SDF AND ES**]
Just because Greek offense to force treaty of serves didn't was an utter failure doesn't mean you can deny history my friend.
You make the “a” a little longer
Same with using Christianity or Islam
I would say that most people with university education are non-religious believers though, yes
It didnt happened
Still has some of the most beautiful areas though
Turkey is a really diverse country so my answer would be from the bias of someone raised by Mediterranean/Turcoman parents in Ankara
One day, same-sex marriage will be legal in all world
Same goes for all countries I'd imagine
''In the west, Indians tend to think Pakistanis are ugly, and usually Pakistanis are the ugliest out of the Middle Easterners.
Other than that I guess it's pretty obvious that Istanbul got some 'underground'.
However, electors used to cast two votes
I don't think EU will give that much shit about that.
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
> When I was around 10, an adult man groped my butt while we were in a crowded bus
Sad Turkish noises
So you saw some person, who may or may not be serious, say that homer is Turkic
You can't change that with "but they were bad with minorities too".
There's even a subreddit for them [/r/TurkishCats/]
One is basically stacks of stone, while other has columns, beams, ornaments and most importantly superstructures like domes.
public transport might be great in the capital area but if you are in somewhere like sønderjylland the public transport sucks
Some members of Redhack (who released Albayrak's mails a few months back) sit in jail.
Fiat has the largest factory followed by Hyundai.
We're way past the point of no return.
Historically, Poland wasn't around much though
&#x200B;
When I visited the UK I first went to London and a year later I went to Edinburgh and I think London doesn’t stand a chance compared to Edinburgh
Shit got very funny when those same people burned colombian flag to protest Nagorno-Karabagh.
Well, they born in old Seljuk State so they shouldn't count
Troll is ruined by your flair though.
Nope
Why use stupid fake words (customised from their origins to try to fit the Turkish language) when you can use the proper ones in your own language
Turkish translations were splendid
He also had that crazy project to change the city borders so it would look like Batman symbol on the map
If Ali is convinced Erdoğan must go with any means necessary when he's working his day job, he won't suddenly change his mind while doing military service.
I opened this account 8 years ago
I can only see ordinary German and Dutch people in the picture, where is the joke
Islam is more like Protestantism then Catholicism in many regards.
**Legally** they can get married and it happens.
If Abbasids never existed Eastern Roman Empire would probably be the main enemy of China and we would probably become Christians to escape the oppresion of the Chinese
I wish you and your country best of the luck
My best friends are studying in Munich and I visit them often so I can say with some confidence I know what a conservative right wing German looks/thinks/speaks like
Because Ankara is harder to invade compared to the old Ottoman Capital İstanbul and at the centre of Anatolia
USA helped Erdogan come to power.
Neither but I'm from western part of the country and from what I've gathered it seems like Greece is culturally the closest country even more so than Azerbaijan so if I had to choose, I'd say European
Happy cake day
Not at all used afaik but there is “Karış”
Now Libya is a breeding ground for ISIS and lybian people are killing eachother because a monkey took off a kid's hijab...
Too many terrorist attacks have happened since these last years.
At the end of the day not buying but making your own will be more profitable in the long turn
Where did I say that
Do you think our grandfathers cared what Vahdettin said or done in the Great Turkish War?
So I am always open for suggestions :)
The reason why I know how to pronounce this “muvaffakiyetsizleştiricileştiriveremeyebileceklerimizdenmişsinizcesine” - meaning "As though you are from those whom we may not easily be able to make into a maker of unsuccessful ones
Famagusta = Gazimağusa
Izmir is where the babes are
akp has the most female members of parliament.
He may be a joke, but he's a joke that has been elected, what, 6 times now?
Why the hell we don't have this in Turkey
"replaced with his friends"
Happy cake day
Actually, Turkey is like Islamic version of Russia.
Good for you
Ah im sorry just wanted it below my post so people can see I responded to this
We can't do shit to Russia, believe me, .If they hold the tourist from coming to us
Well, if we're talking about legal status let's talk about the legal status in Turkey.
It literally means "that big city". Love the Norse simplicity
Wait, fucking [Küçük Kurbağa] is by Beethoven?
In fact, we are among the most religiously/conservatively governed secular countries
Peaceful place indeed
At the time PLC was an empire in anything but name.
Before the coup, Turkish identity was considered to be primarily a merger of Central Asia and Anatolia which was emphasized by constant references to the Hittites and whatnot
what a beautiful freedom of expression ...
> Grandma Boxing
Killing the mother, kid(s?) and himself with cyanide
Let me try:
this whole thing is about erdogan.
Mfw manly hairy arm
New religious cults established that time (thanks to MSP again)
You know who I'm talking about, I can't utter his name
I guess he was upset what he saw
Or just rrrrrr
Let's call the renaissance period post-medieval while we're at it, and the industrial age post-renaissance or even post-post-medieval why not?
The story told here is that Sultan Abdulmecid decides to send 10
we basically do not use the letter r (just gets replaced by ğ; similar to danish g).
Except washing hands after toilet one
Regional governing bodies similar to municipalities are necessary, I agree.
Turkish: Birthday cake
200 years already wow
I’ve had many female friends who stopped wearing headscarves when they gained independence from their parents
"The coup was a necessity and it was known" even the politicians haven't done anything against it
Amazing historical place
Well, Ğ>ß>Ö>Others is more accurate
Drawing a prophet is already seen as disrespect at İslam
So norway is going to be world's new northern pole
its not considered an occupation in Turkey
What about all the people employed thanks to the existence of cigarettes
Delete and repost before it's too late!
What about the Armenian propaganda machine
I mean, it speaks for itself doesn't it
For humanists and armenians: Enver Pasha
I think he meant how widespread racism was.
The original question does not say anything about colonial empires
This case seems weird though since people tend to grow out of that when they stop being teens and a 38 son getting a slipper thrown at him and suing his mother i silly.
Tillola IT
Spanish, but all Romance languages sound lovely to me
Because its kinda my second country, do not need visa or passport
If YSK says unstamped ballots can pass, then unstamped ballots can pass
"Basically the same thing all over again but we're against ourselves this time"
most Germans think we are hairy Arabs since we sent you our peasants as workers but when Germans have a trip to urban parts of Turkey they are surprised
Your country disagrees
Turkey, is up top
There is also a village southward of it called Kessab
Today's AKP newspapers depicting
Yes, I moved out of my mothers house at 17 to live with my girlfriend and her grandparents
LOL what's the point of acting like Trump is the only guy who wants war
None of the traditional media can get into details.
There are Kurdish ministers in Turkish cabinet.
I hear comparisons to either Japanese or Latin languages
Public: METU (Middle East Technical University), Boğaziçi Üniversitesi
it's just vodka distilled with star anise
When are we gonna get protests
Warning this might hurt your brain
Idk, there are plenty of German fascists here as well
It hurts when the entire country gets the blame for AKP fanatics' actions.
I see this dialogue at least twice in different shows/movies
No one democratically elected should be "removed from power".
Turkish QWERTY with ı, ğ, ç, ş, ö, ü on computer
Many countries have something similar.
Because Assad and Russia were trying ro get Idlib province and Idlib had 2 millions of population
It was because of a political problem that was happened in 2017
Would you agree allowing that
That's pretty relevant to what I am saying.
*aalööööö* is also another variant which tells a lot about the person at the other end of the line :)
I don’t even know anymore
It's lowest elevation is 193 m above sea level.
They are paying the price of political impotence and inactiveness.
But in the run of time, since the 11 century, several conquests, forced emigrations and the settlement of Muslim - Turkish & Kurdish nomads, has changed the demographic distribution
Turks don't deny the genocide at an individual level, it's a governmental political position of semantics
The title is what makes people read and get angry.
They beat up an Uighur chef in a Chinese restaurant, because of what Chinese government do to Uighurs.
How Turks celebrate New Year[x-post /r/Turkey]
It has been so overused by the right wing, flying it for no special reason is a bit weird now
Yes, the election of Erdogan as an alternative leader after what the "common people" thought as string unsympathetic and patronising politicians and political unrest is very much alike.
In my high school we didn't celebrate Christmas it was just a normal day for us but in middle school we had Christmas trees.
As a Turk I understand 90 percent of azerbaijani but Turkmen thats different
They agreed to that once, were almost completely wiped out.
Happy cake day
Even Lindsey Graham, the fiercest critic of Turkey's involvement in Syria, admitted this:
EU never cared whether a country they're friendly with was democratic or not and it'll continue that way.
Enough corrupt to burn a forest to built a hotel
You can read sometimes lol
We haven't been a world superpower for over a hundred years, we also aren't one today
Lol someone doesn't know history well I see.
So,why is Turkey here ?
If there isn't a offical turkish subtitle, almost always there is a 3rd party patch/mod for it
Don't forget the constant defending of massacring Kurdish civilians and stripping them of their civil rights.
From huscarls to ducks
Haha so what were you expecting Turkey to do?
Baş
Thank you for this gold tho
Sure, how can you know someone's political alignment from a contemporary political discussion right
To get a different answer you must go before 1453 and the biggest city in that time was probably Edirne as it was the capital but I'm not sure
Snake/Sinek (Sound similiar):
We say just "Alo" at Turkey and after that we are directly speaking about topic
Turkland for sure, I'm getting tired of the bird jokes
how do muslims feel about drawing like this vs charlie hebdo style ones
We don’t have that
You will never recover from that unless you eat a Turkey sandwich today.
Wow, thank God I’m not that anxious
Mmm maybe [because of this
Respect my privacy a little lan
"Mine doesn't work
I like archaeology - only in an amateur sense - and 2 years ago I went to the Istanbul archaeology museum for my birthday
There is a small movement about this situation but it isn't well heard as far as I know
Man I hate AKP supporters as much as the next guy but that doesn't mean he'll always be wrong.
I don't understand how kebabs and baklava somehow became the face of Turkish cuisine because I eat those maybe 5 times a year in total and most people can't even afford red meat
What you guys really need is price fixing for certain medical services
Davutoğlu and Gül contributed in the fucked up foreign policy that brought Turkey to this.
>Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some
We need to step up our agenda-pushing game bro.
Person in the video said "we won't allow presidential system"(Which probably triggered Erdoğan) and called people to support their efforts.So she didn't get arrested for talking shit against ISIS(But it is easier to get clicks and support if you try to potray it like "SHE SPOKE AGAINST ISIS AND GOT ARRESTED".This shit is stupid like 99% of the things Erdoğan do but trying to potray it like something different is not a good thing).
Currently the AKP is slightly over-represented, CHP almost perfectly, MHP under-represented and HDP over-represented.
Isn't fun what we're doing here?
Poorer doesn't mean less likely to vote for populism...
Beautiful
Met the kind of "right wing" types you see here once or twice max irl
Fun fact: The female version of monster is monstress
"freedom for Ocalan", referring to Abdullah Ocalan, the jailed leader of the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), with many waving flags featuring Ocalan's face.
Those are much bigger factors for AKP’s 2002 election win than the 2001 crisis
Because its a wordplay from English
If there were a radical religious threat to Netherlands they would be much more radical than Atatürk was about it (there is an Islamist threat now and they are getting radical fast btw) 23 revolution was much more kind to religious nutjobs than other revolutions of its kind like the French, German or Russian revolution.
Zengin mekanıymış bre siktir git.
Obviously it would be hard for a not native language person
They say shit like "they deserved it". Monsters some of these people, I tell you, monsters
I disagree, such parliament is just one big distraction and an illusion of democracy
It depends
It's the same for Turkey and Ukraine is actually poorer than us.
i'm not planning to discuss these kind of movies but false stereotypes such as turks are brown skinned muslims who live in desert with headscarfs and burqas are annoying as fuck and will result with downvotes wheter the turkish person is liberal or conservative.
No wonder the Ottomans were obsessed with Vienna gates
You guys could not begin to comprehend how most Muslims are
As for anti-vax, I blame it on the big corporations who have broken the trust of people
We have coat of arms for every city but only hatay has a flag
It seems like we tried to balance our relations with Nazi Germany by being nice but not so nice
beer, bier, biere, bierra cervesa, cerveza, cervexa
Ja this more possible:)
It's definetely not like SA or anything, but it is like one of the worst among 1st world countries
I have no idea how much a doner kebab is in Turkey, and I live here...
What is there to like in this
Civilians and journalists have been attacked by Hundred of German Police to leave the area when they were trying to make statement
/u/Electro-N has a built-in receptor that notifies him whenever Turkey is mentioned on this subreddit
The difference is that Armenian geographical name changes are places which were originally Armenian - probably in the ancient and early medieval times
Nice one sir
started in 31 July 2006
Using cards benefits banks at cost of small business profits
Thessaloniki = Selanik
Germany didn't do a very good job of integrating them
The OP ask for people who are well known not who are liked
it's a credit card country here.
That is literally one of the most famous battles in Central European history
"Çekya" is much more better than "Çek Cumhuriyeti", so I prefer Czechia
Good luck passing a law
It is the name and intent that is not acknowledged.
I see this comment here and there many times to arm Kurds but practically they’re being armed for almost 50 years already by many countries
Not a big deal but annoys me a lot
Yeah same story with Turkish too
I'd be embarrassed too, but you can't hide from reality.
Which country/countries have the most aesthetic borders ?
Ottoman lovers can keep dreaming
Turkey to assume Shanghai Cooperation Organization’s Energy Club term presidency
Turkish schools do teach religion
And carries m1 garand by his side in a briefcase
the moment you mentioned something like this, your room will be ready in couple mins
Thats where this big IQ quote came from
It makes it easier to communicate with foreign teammates and also it's hard to find reliable translations for Turkish
I try to argue to convince my few AKP voting friends.
Business men with lots of money and connections are people with heavy balls
1 turkish week equals 6 european months
lol we say "kebapçı" and "dönerci".
There are approximately 14 million Kurdish People in Turkey and we start in Syria
The US government will buy more to put in it's storage facilities.
His diplomatic skill is so low setting it to 0 would be an insult to Enrique.
Old people have very high expectations in terms of respect, be passive when conversing with them
In fact, we are among the most religiously/conservatively governed secular countries
Current problem in Syria was USA puppeted Kurdish state on its borders sheltering PKK members
So it was *better*, not exactly *good*.
-Military took over the country which caused people to move to big Western cities(Also Left and right were clashing im the streets and American-Turkish relations were very bad because of Cyprus issue.After the coup clashes stopped and Turkish-American relations got better.Also PKK started its military activities which resulted in people leaving the combat zone for big cities).
Doesn't feel right
I don't think it's because it sucks to live in Bosnia, otherwise they wouldn't be moving to Turkey; it's more about the division like you said.
Empires by their core definition are evil.
Whats matter
Look hard enough and you'll find it.
He/she, her/him are the same word in Turkish
Not towards Bulgaria
why would anyone need a credit card, right-o?
For the same reason Millions of Romanians (Bogdan sounds Romanian), Bulgarians and many more live and work in Turkey or western Europe.
This is the same mentality that created Iraq and Syria with artificial borders.
No thoughts at all
In Islam, the holders of Mecca have no religious or political authority over believers.
I am impressed that Turkey isn't the last.
If they speak English, it's a tourist trap
At the end, because i didn’t spend too much time with Turkish Literature I was in 70,000-80,000 which I went to university with 25% scholarship
Sad thing then polish people are still living quite a shitty life
With arabic speaking populition and climate
If you’re going to accept only the roots of nations as their cultural definiton of today, let’s just accept we all are Mesopotamians and live in peace hm
That insult tape was bullshit, and "tearing the epaulets of the general" idea is completely legitimate
No, the spectrum between left and right doesn't exist in us muslims, we're literally non-euclidean alians.
Most places in Europe have even more than two.
You can listen to google translates translation it pronounces his surname correctly
noice
But I'm not going to try and assassinate Erdoğan lol.
Social Darwinism is not a scientific theory, it's just a weird collage of positivism with a touch of Hegelian concept of social evolution.
These neo-Ottomans don't give a shit about Turkey at all and they will be quick to hop on a boat and leave just like their ancestors when the ship starts to sink.
Greece
Omuzlar ve diz
[Kırmızılı Kadın. -Woman in Red
Electro is at it again I do not know anyone more butthurt than you in this subreddit.
Atatürk's diyanet (pre AKP) kept radical interpreteations of islam like salafism out of Turkey for decades.
Zucc has been licking Xi's ass very hard, to get access to China's massive population
He banned coffee, alcohol and tobacco
They can fill it up and use as a swimming pool
Yes, I can since I was 2 years old and 2 Wheel since I was 4 years old but I haven’t ridden for 5 years
Turkish Wikipedia sucks ass
Let me explain the story for 2019-2020
I told her Serbia was supposed to get Albanian lands but since Albania got independent Serbians took some Macedonian cities and of course Bulgarians wasnt happy with that
* **Dönüm** - 1,000 square meters
Saint Nicolas, who is the basis for Santa lived in present day Antalya, which is in southern Turkey.
No offence, but it
-Loves from Turkey
I'm aware, I just couldn't think of another ultra-neutral country large enough to have Olympic sports facilities
None of his reforms or actions are or have been supported by the people and for a very long time Islamist people scapegoated him to criticize Kemalists, since they couldn't attack Atatürk publicly.
Much like how it is in most other countries
A country where the green party actually has real governing control or influence?
I am watching it for the first time
Here we go again
inherently it's a very wrong ideology.
It's so sad to see always poor people suffer from wars
[The Video]
As a result, countless immigrants are trying to reach the other side on inadequate cheap boats, a family even tried to swim in the river that divides Turkey and Greece to reach there
i can be anywhere at any time and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways and that’s just with me boring you to death while i talk about privilege not only am i extensively trained in hotline management but i have access to an entire arsenal of sociological articles to prove my point and i will use them to wipe your fucking face off the earth you little shit if only you had known what oppressed retribution your cultural appropriation would unleash then maybe you would have held your fucking tongue but you couldn’t you’re fucking dead kiddo
Are we strong captain
000 back then
Evil elephants destroy each other and we ants are not harmed
Those hotels are usually all inclusive (as in all you can eat+drink)
In the city it's not celebrated as much but the people in our neighborhood at least light a bonfire that we jump over for good health
* "They put the skirts on our heads, they strip us, they say 'travel'."
Because [Turkey the bird] and [Turkey the country] dude you are way too overthinking
It would be pretty nice if the Entente didn't refuse to give us the territories we asked for (Aleppo, Mosul, Arbil, Kirkuk, and the Aegean Islands) after the War of Independence
40 = kırk
Even we don't eat snails, we export a significant amount of snails to Europe
[This]#2014_Turkish_local_elections) is why he is the minister of foreign affairs.
I was expecting to have more Germany search in Turkey
Probably sit with Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and definitely cook with them
He is unfortunately like Putin, we cannot get rid of him :(
I expect it was mainly to distract attention from that.
So they share the same root and are branches of that family
Two factors to consider here: propaganda and polarisation
They are going to say "Good luck with it"
Those values are not necessary for capitalism but they are for Turkey.
We both love spicy food so that sounds great
Man I love Cyprus
Kaz - goose, dig
Most succesful soldier of the WW1, Mustafa Kemal started a war of independance in 1919
This thread is just alt-right saying they would vote for the left if they had the same xenophobic paintbrushing skillz as them.
We're fucked
Very well deserved Catalans
There is a big flu epidemic and people believe once the snow comes it ends, but the snow is not coming this year
And post office stopped delivering mail to “Constantinople” at that time
Same goes for the most turks in anatolia.
Did I ever say Ottoman Empre was ok?
A 6 months old baby dying of cold in his house with no heating
With the sheer amount of salt we can feed the Roman Army for centuries.
You think we actually vote for him
Just look at how little attention something like the Circassian Genocide gets.
There's no place for dictatorship propaganda in civilization.
He blame eu for our economies crush
Don't be sad bro
The majority of Turkish settlers are not TRNC citizens, which is the party at the table.
You were living in the right timeline
You, the mothers who sent their sons from faraway countries, wipe away your tears; your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace.
We took the word from French, so we try to pronounce it like French in English sentences
It didn't pass in first in first round why would it pass in the second round?
Such shenanigans happen often in Turkey,
You don't get to see/notice the ones who are already integrated well
Mehmed, Vahdettin is hated because of his collobration with allies
Revolution History covers only the Atatürk Era (1881-1938), in a detailed way
I brought up US because of their prison system being largely the opposite of Sweden, and one of the few in the first world countries.
No, We are not one of the state of Arabia and not every woman wear headscarf or obligated to wear headscarf in here
Cem Yilmaz is a national treasure for us
Better kidnap and execute some unarmed recruits and bomb a bus full of tourists.
In summer 2016 (when the agreement was in effect) the flow was much much smaller.
Also wtf is kebab pizza
come and take your child and you'd never see it again.
You're both right, because it's a compound word, the meaning changed.
No, actually leave the club and don't look back
I would say easily 60-80% of Turkish youth agree with Grey wolves ideology, they basically replaced islamism with Ottomanism.
It's been a while since we passed bruh moments
you add garlic to yogurt and mix it.
In other words, Europe is already a tough place to live in and it's not even July yet
reminded me kattegat
If you don't want to play with me just say it jeeeez
There are 2 versions of it, chicken döner can be very cheap
You are severely mistaken if you think western Europe cares about our silly island dispute.
He is against party banning because old islamist parties were banned before a lot of times so he won't do that but he might try to arrest some important political figures or maybe just banning CHP rallies but yup he will let them be as a weak opposition nothing more .
No, the Roman Empire fell because of <the problem you think we are having now.
For Europeans and half of the Turkey: Erdogan
Democracy can not ensure 1 on 1 societal representation
There are some terrorist because of the proximity to the middle east
For a person who’s mother tongue as Turkish needs to start like an English baby to learn how speak English
Greece ( Aegean Islands and Cyprus disputes also population exchange issue)
He was deadly serious about cutting all ties with the Ottoman lineage and for the most part, he succeeded in doing so
I have used [this Wikipedia article] for Syria
Yup; but this isn't a response to that.
Looks like a Christmas Postcard
-A lots of other old Ottoman cities in Europe, Africa, Asia-
I definitely remember being told in school that they weren't used anymore.
Focus on that, that is a real crime
Le trône
Good
I know
4 IMDb rating
You can differenciate this easily when you think, please stop acting like there’s no difference between Australia and Cyprus in the sense of being European
He reads
They weren't shocked, but they were pleasantly surprised
It was extremely confusing watching an English cooking video before learning "pasta" didn't mean "cake" in English
since virtually everyone speaks english it is tough to be a beginner in danish
All ride share apps are banned, it’s either a taxi or public transport
What's next
\-pros: foodporn, hot weather, beaches, football, İzmir girls, historical places
You just can't accept that you are wrong.
i mean it **is** pretty weird for words to have genders
Its was cultural hub back in the days and so it has great architecture
He would for sure hang Tayyip though.
Evren's comment was sarcastic:
Grammar is hard, really hard, unless u are Hungarian
With Exception of Nagorno Karabakh, which is de-facto separated from Azerbaijan but still internationally recognized as a part of Azerbaijan
This is how both sides feel right now.
Don't put another economic burden on your dear poor nato ally
Do you realize that if military coup in Greece was prefented, massacres wouldn't happen and Turkey wouldn't be on island
When you pick you nose — “Are there excavation work going on
There are some known entrances but some of them are under some normal houses or are just hiding under some foliage
No they are not
It's not like I haven't thought of that.
But there are phases like “There was a car accident
There is Saffet Sancaklı in MHP
I don't know how but we never ruled by foreign dynasties
In 2k18, every political cartoon is either simple as "Orange man bad" or it's just an overlabeled piece of crap
Galipoli is the front they won.
Oh yes, I forgot to type about those
Instead, use BiTaksi to call a taxi, they are rated at the end of the trip like Uber so the experience is overall more positive
You mean Bulgaria and Greece, you know, our neighbours
none in turkey XD
Got weird looks as a solo traveler
With the Ergenekon and the 15th of July purges in the army I might actually be the most qualified soldier in Turkey right now.
I'll believe it when I see hundreds of boats filled with refugees heading to europe again.
I hope those spellings are weird enough for you guys x)
* [Neolithic Site of Çatalhöyük] (2012)
Avrupayı teknolojik olarak örnek alabiliriz, iyi taraflarını övebiliriz fakat kendimizi onlara "dost" gibi göstermek veya onlara dost gibi bakmak BENCE yanlış olur.
Cuz they were thinking those areas are belong to their own exclusive economic zone
Armenian genocide
The death rate has been increasing rapidly in [Germany
EU and NATO decided to not help us with our struggling against Russians, so we let the refugees leave our country through their way on Europe
Ask whatever you want but dont ask camels
>Do you judge your fellow Turks the same way you judge foreign genocide deniers, and foreign genociding leaders
So for us maybe 31st December
I strongly advise you to not believe the media until this election is settled and statements are made from elected sides
Yeah, it is very normal to greet people while on hiking
They aren't supposed to speak loudly, swear, mess with the politics, go out at night without a man, don't be with men unless serious, etc.
Kebab Restaurant where serves rice next to a kebab(read the menu before ordering it because people who own that place should not be earning any money and send to the deepest place in hell as well as on the planet)
Social sciences are already much more complex and vague than positive sciences, so people are drawn to simplified pseudo-positive scientific explanations.
olur gibi
I think it is still, though, so at best, we’ll have to agree to disagree
Not common
only the turks know it (even tho only %8 of the turkish population ever read quran, %0.0000000001 read bible and torah).
I feel like one day Turkey will really shot down one plane and nobody will believe it like that shepard boy story
I was scrolling with the same two movies in mind
So yes, Turkey is corrupt by government side
But Turkey doesn't have death penalty and I would highly doubt any european country would harbor a death row convict from USA.
Rulers begin to bring everything that isn't in Istanbul to Istanbul from the newly conquered territories
I’m so confused
I know Grave Digger isn't Scottish or Sabaton is Polish but Rebellion and Winged Hussars both are very good songs if they count
These three articles from Claire Berlinski is all you need to get an idea on who he is.
In my opinion, taking Seljuks as a starting point is more appropriate
I would vote [this song] for Iran
Idk, there are plenty of German fascists here as well
Therefore, maybe we can learn reasons of suicides
Threads about how Europeans are fools for not defending their nation the way Americans told them to
It would be better to have no DST at all and stay in the original time all year.
I really don't get these people's motivation, it must be a horrible job to rule a country
Note: I am not the original source for the map and neither is my friend who had sent me this
Police should be present in protest to protect the protesters and property not anything else not to stop the protest
Reminds me of my family's village, the lady even looks exactly like a teyze
Ankara, which was a small town at the time, was the perfect place to build the modern European-style metropolis Ataturk envisioned, compared to Istanbul which was a major city with a population of 900,000
So a westerner wouldn't understand our language or even a westener speaks Turkish, still wouldn't understand the specific/complicated expressions/conversations
How dare my favorite medieval empire get defeated by another medieval empire, surely this must reflect on my opinion on internet arguments
Saudi Arabia is 1000 worse than any of the two regarding democracy and posing potential threat to lives of Europeans, but it’s a weak country that pays a lot to Europe, so we see Putin bad, Erdo bad posts 1000 times more
Asking questions like you dont have google access.
I think 10 am is a good estimate actually.
Sin=Same pronounciation in english
This is all dependent on you being the economic engine of said former country though
Empire lost at WW1
Also haven't seen Lübliyana used.
I’ll wear a thick coat, maybe some hat and scarf
Nice job if you ask me, probably pays decent
Understanding this is harder than understanding Azerbaijani but still not that difficult
it/v.redd
Edit: The name the commenter below said was Abdülahmet or something but he changed it to Osman
We also have multiple thank yous in turkish
Turkish is protector state of Northern Cyprus which Turkish Army has presence of 35,000 and far as I know Greece is for Southern Cyprus
He is government's official police.
The mosque is the orange dot in [the pic] It was an Ottoman territory century before Constantinople fell
why does he look like a mass production eva
You didin't understand the question.
That's what we're hoping
They mostly have english subtitles too
Let’s see it again and again
paris deal is terrible
The chances of Trump being elected were small too at some point.
All of our food is export even though we have agriculture
A few hours after the first twitter ban, the mayor of Ankara (with Erdoğan's AKP) tweeted a smilie.
Wembley Stadium arch in red after Turkish terror attack
There are documentaries of the incident if your stomach can handle
When hitler gets a tiger tank for his birthday but all you get in your birthday is funny moustache man #2
These are not that common strong symbols anymore but still exist and avoided by people with opposing ideas
That sucks for Erdogan when Europe prefers Assad over you
Not the reaction I expected but thanks for the insight, didn't know that.
Keep believing every single propaganda terrorists perform on the Internet but it won't change the reality
Valtola FI
Your propaganda driven mentality wants other people to join you in your crusade but France is France
Revisionism and reactionaries
For something just as ironic but better try the sign,
(I went back of course
Same reason racism is kinda sorta hating yourself in this region and abouts
Most people would say Azerbaijan, i agree too but i am going to say Greece, we both hate and love them, its complicated
We basically say "O" for 3rd single person
Edit: All political parties, including Erdogans opposition and 90% of the Turkish population supported the Syrian operations
France is famous for protecting its language from loanwords here
You crafted your text very nicely.
Either the Anatolian leopard or some kind of spider I forgot it's name but it's very deadly
Let's not fool anyone, If banning something is what the powerful one wants, than it is banned
Also I doubt EU money is the thing that's keeping Orban from wanting to quit
The mass of skyscrapers are away from the city's center
Dude I think you're stuck at he 19th century.
We can't hold up bigoted and ignorant beliefs like "if you visit Turkey you're supporting Erdoğan". We have to go meet all peoples, talk to all peoples and engage with all peoples in this beautiful age of global travel & communications
" thread in /r/turkey, they will rape your karma
I dont know how much you know about Syrian civil war but Turkey sent its forces just to create a safe zone
I’m *not* going to get into who killed more who committed what atrocity when etc
It's not in the example, but I think it fits the question
Just fuck off with your american rhetoric.
He also had that crazy project to change the city borders so it would look like Batman symbol on the map
Guten Tag Kind stranger
We'd be just Iran, but on steroids
Pros: whole country is historical and cultural adventure
It used to be mandatory in here up until 2016
It is pretty normal to small talk to nearly everyone
It's almost like he is trying to start a reddit circlejerk.
it is possible via coalition since we have four parties in the parliament.
Can’t count the dead ones(my mistake , disappeared ones)
Yeah
Turks are the most racist people ever?
[Different version of this song to get more attention towards nature
I'm thinking either Canada or Belgium, but nothing solid yet
If someone shits on your face would you prefer whipping it with toilet paper or washing it with clean water?
Ah, got it
[Old-Turkic script was written from right to left]#/media/File%3ABilge_Khagan_inscription_lines_36-40_in_original_Old_Turkic_script.svg)
Don't ask where the local armenians went i can't answer that im too young to go to jail
It's not up to you or anyone to dictate how we feel about our own country.
It isn't walkable at night, because there is a 2100-0500 curfew due to COVID
We should kill them all." from muslims.
I saw yellow warning issued for Vidzeme for tonight but there has been nothing so far in Riga
Dutch cucumbers are overly long, it makes me wonder if you are compensating for something.
Happy cake day
East: There are lots of Kurdish citizens living there and already have some seperatist movements
Destabilization of Syria through supplying arms to "moderate rebels".
it was 4-5 centuries long and even Russians won most of them, they couldn't achieve the target of controlling Blacksea + reaching Mediterranean/Middle East through Anatolia.
Egypt is Mısır in Turkish, mısır means corn
Next time read what you type down to not look like a moron.
Kebab
It was founded by Atatürk in early 20th century to protect and improve the Turkish language
We don't have to talk about the actions of Greek Junta
This is America soon, all because Democrats are too pussy to make a stand
Out of topic but I’ve recently read Murakami’s Colorless and the Japanese character there goes to Finland
I honestly hope he does something like that after the referendum.
Lahmacun, çiğköfte and içli köfte with a side of şalgam (spicy fermented black carrot juice) always makes me happy
You start with forgetting most of your Turkish knowledge because it basically opposite of most of the time
I thought we had street view EVERYWHERE in turkey, but seeing the western Europe having much more feels ridiculous to me
Nastola IT
Your country is a war machine
As far as I remember almost all of the bills they brought to the parliament has been turned down by Erdogan's party they even voted no to a bill that their own members wanted to pass because when CHP voted yes all AKP clowns voted no.
Not really no
That would make using immigrants more profitable.
We also have uncle that plays with card and slaps it at the table
Also the infrastructure is not as good as in the western parts
Destroying even the god’s trust is also erotic appeal
He could literally kill someone with his own hands and nothing would happen to him.
Erdoğan
Boyfriend killed his girlfriend(ex
Continental: I have no idea
If you want to sustain a 100% Döner based diet, you have to include some vegetables don't you?
My village's name was gevurdağ (foreigner mountain) which could also called as foreigner's mountain
how about "40 YAPAR"
And you came up and said he isn't. You will be prosecuted for not following the ruling party's narrative
It is actually the history of Atatürk's revolutions
Here is percentages for each region in Turkey:
There is no way that idiot invades you
Mind telling me where this German site source that information from?
IDK Why people are that mad over a caricature
Ideally we should all use debit card like stuff but it should be much more transparent
It isn't the same thing
Right now we have to pay for catching up and it’s a large sum but after that we will be able to produce our own and overall spend less on military equipment
Marriage is unfortunately not legal yet
We like you too :)
Though I suppose it's a nice gesture.
Amen to this
We use "açmak"(open) both for the act of opening a door or lid, and turning on an electronic device in Turkish
For some reason all of tırreks love football and usually a fanatic
Except washing hands after toilet one
That Greeks/Turks wake up every morning thinking "dayum, what a fine day do remove kebab/gyro"?
Only a very small part of Turkish army is in Syria, and atm majority of the military's officer are in jail.
The other way around, we have a city called “Batman”.
I would add Architect Sinan to this list
New videos
There is one Uyghur song that I understand 80%, but daily speech is hard to understand
Yea we're just gonna hop onto planes and invade Austria
All you need to do is search the news before pointing one face of the coin to accuse something
Probably like 60% black 40% green
Tanrı and Allah can be interchangable, but Allah is usually used for literal god while Tanrı is used to "concept" of god(eg.
Sadly, while Greeks punished their generals, we ended up glorifying them, their collaborators and successors run the country now
_do_ put dots over it
They(TAK) claimed it on their [website]
It's not fair because at the end Turkey won the war.
I'm a pretty tidy and careful person, so you wouldn't have a problem with it if I stormed a really messy guy's apartment, beat him and stole his shit because it'll be safer and last longer with me
What about israel ? no one gives a shit about this country they are act like douche
Turkey is more obese then Britian
But 83 million is a lot none the less
[got it
I love how whenever this guy is mentioned headlines has to mention he is a muslim.
I also know that the Aegean aide of Turkey and Greece is so similar that its hard to hate each other that much
More than I can count
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
This is in our family, I am not sure if other families use it but if you open lights more than you need like living room, kitchen, corridor and bathroom lights are open or you make too much noise in long period, we would say “Are you signalling to astronauts
Not a single nation/ethnicity name but whenever someone gets racist towards Turks over the things Ottoman sultans did I find it a bit amusing — they were barely “ethnic Turk
2) Any state with Turkish Player
Being brave
Not a Cypriot but I personally think Cyprus should reunite, but also be an independent state
He was a kind, smart, gentle, wonderful man
Thanks
The only actual Ottoman Turkish name for the city is Dersaadet, which is thought to have given by Rum Mehmed Paşa, who was actually a Greek-turned-muslim so there really is no way around a Greek name
I'm sure if the U.S occupied Turkey for 30 years and poured trillions into our economy we would also be liberal.
They are the ones who gave Turkey the right to invade by both harming the minorities and breaking the Treaty of Guarantee.
Actual statisticians put his chance more towards %30.
Ottomans, USA, South American nations, Sardinia Piedmont/Italy
If no, i beg for someone to explain to me why is it for Kurds in case of another acknowledged terrorist organization which i lost friends to their attacks
It was a must for me to do it
Eti Browni Intense is very orgasmic bitter chocolate cake.
We are from Turkey, I admit our country is far from anywhere near adequate, but if Romania can become an EU member with such terrible patient care, just let us in people
That's just kuşbaşı pide lol
Lol we are lucky if we don't get death penalty until she grows up.
Like you could get killed if you were to simply announce that you don't think god is real, or you don't believe in any religion
Well
I think the majority leans on pro-EU
Yalıçapkını (Kingfisher) = Womaniser of the
nah dude we have everything but energy.
I think it was in Belarus actually, or Lithuania.
Turkey:ACTIVATE MY GENITALS
I'm a very anti-Erdoğan person and any enemy of Erdoğan is my friend but this won't help anyone other than Erdoğan's chances of becoming a god-emperor.
Yes
HDP was too passive in the latest conflict.
how do they manage low and high tides
Most of Turkey's trade military and politic activities are with Europeans while an overwhelming majority of public is secular.And a lot of people (which are the largest group in the % of the Turkish public) see Turkey as part of the Europe.
Of course, this is not a daily one but possible
I mean a guy was trying to manipulate my country, I'd be fucking pissed off.
Man it was hard
I thought the Amsterdam Forest and Veluwezoom National Reserve was amazing
So the map is totally seeming weird tbh
This is not related to *the* Turkish opposition party CHP.
WTF is this
For example I might pay no attention to my speech to my mom while shopping together but we will speak to the vendor differently
r/MapsWithoutAegeanIslands
The sea, the lakes, mountains, plateaus, historical places, the sun, the rain, the snow
Why would you support a basketball club?
Yep
We were dealing with coup and stuff on those days
i hope he can do good even without the senate
> Ironically this one was not legally binding, meaning parlament could have ignored it completely - if it was legally binding the most probably outcome is for the result to be declared null
Such party who had once beated imperialist down in Anatolia and buried them into the waves of Medditernean Sea now is following a smooth ideology called Social Democracy
It was a demonstration to taunt Armenians who did the beating
The tought of a Nordic country that have similarities with Turkey is really interesting
Literally every 1 out of 5 people hang the national flag outside of their home
Explosion reported near Istanbul’s Taksim area - LOCAL
I am currently watching That 70's Show with German dubs with subtitles.
It wouldn't have been because he criticized the Young Turks, that's stupid, it would have been for treason as he was helping the British occupiers.
They vote left so they can live easily in Europe but don't give a shit what happens to Turkey.
Even the Kaiser Wilhelm and the Bismarck is ours xd
I'm sure plenty here remember what happened last time Apple changed their iPhone connector
What a shitty way to start off a year.
Also "e" is commonly used in spoken Turkish as "so
What if the 15.000.000 people living there don't want to be Christians?
and this paris climate deal is just fucking nothing
Turkish wikipedia doesn't include a lot of stuff mostly
Can't wait the time that my countryman will burn the Irish flag.
A better example of not nice would be sinking refugee boats and leaving them to die I think
we have over 2 million refugees from syria...i am inclined to say yes.
How people write the letter "a" with their hand
I also fully recognize the massacres committed by the turks during all those years.
I think Union Jack is taking revenge by giving you taste of her weather
Hungary, ironically seems to have huge support, Orban even defended Turkey recently which is strange as you'd think he'd not want a Muslim country in the EU.
*Impossible
Turkey and TRNC are too connected
>I don't see how what I said was hypocritical
No I am from Turkey
Well Turkey allows double citizenship but I am going to express something else
Add the numbers, you get: 11
i have tatar ancestry but damned if i ever thought about tatars or tatarstan.
No, actually leave the club and don't look back
Yes
For a lot of conservative people in Turkey, women are not supposed to work but marry, raise children and do house chores.
A dictator needs enemies to present himself as an underdog to his nation
must have
Weird
Because I'm not
I don't even understand this guy anymore.
Honestly it doesn't exist in Turkey anywhere other than foreign tourist areas and is not consumed by Turkish people
We can discuss it by pm if you wish, feel free to ask me anything.
Israel killed Turkish charity workers on an aid ship, we’re still bitter about that haha
60  book from Turkish literature, 30 from foreign literature, 10 others and theaters
Send help
Immigrants are also "fleeing" them whenever they can afford it.
2) When it first became capital, it was a railway hub
Agreed
It is common for our family to know our neighbours
I think I may have triggered you.
Yes,only thinks that should come with a kebab is a bread and some greens
It is like (not all Americans) Americans think outside of their circle (NA/west EU) all the world is same with minor differences
Because life's better, pay checks are bigger?
“Tupper” the brand Tupperware bottles
It's like one of them Assassin's Creed game loading screen
Justinian 1: Eastern Roman Empire was very big under his reign
We are thiccc
Your comments are not related with the image anyways.
unfortunately you guys can't have that in eu:(
If I can't cover my face say on a Bus then there is no point really.
Seeing this from turkey
100,000 men slaughtered by just a few thousand professional soldiers
But anyways nuclear powerplants cost at least few billion dollars to build, this is why people think they are expensive at first
I thought you just went with ouzo.
They happen and they are a part of life
I heard people say Turkish sounds like a lot of languages.
I also see myself as Middle Eastern due to various reasons
It might not be AKP fixed the 2001 crisis but it is the narrative that they made the economy grow, which was mostly thanks to the pre-AKP reforms under the DSP-MHP-ANAP government, the economic boom Turkey experienced would have happened largely under the DSP-ANAP-MHP governemnt if the election had taken palce in 2004
You can add more if there are other songs as well
Jesus christ Slovakia
As a Turk you should never say such thing as it proves that you have no clue about your own history
Basically the Indo-Iranian spring and fertility celebrations
Accepting Turkey and Serbia would make sure that it wouldn't politically integrate further and stay economical.
I believe Izmir has the highest percentage of Atheists
Some cleaners straight up start cleaning your shoes without permission, then demand money, in other cases several shoe shiner kids will surround you, as one distracts you by cleaning your shoes the others will steal stuff from your pockets of bags
“Fanta” also referred as yellow cola
They still have legal problems though.
Istanbul was occupied by British forces and the treacherous Sultan was cooperating with them
The problem is that companies sue farmers for their plants containing their patented genes.
Besides the most practical things, I really hate that no one in This country cares for aesthetics
Not if it is not too much
Some other places the word atheist is an insult
Hell, there could be a permanent "International Olympic Village".
TDK aka Turkish Language Institution
What violence
"Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez" (There wouldn't be enough concrete for his balls if we tried to erect a statue of him) is a semi-popular saying used for chad people (internet slang word one, not the country one)
**Sen şehit oğlusun, incitme, yazıktır atanı,**
>Villagers of Ioannina City
Football players earn that much because people keep wasting money on football
I’ve had many female friends who stopped wearing headscarves when they gained independence from their parents
Son of bitch
He sure ain't getting any special treatment, not formally anyway.
TURKEY IS AFRICAN
This discussion is a mere past-time there
As for the question, It would be one of these: Kokoreç, mussels with rice, tantuni, islak (wet) hamburger
r/expextedsabaton
Systematic imprisonment of people who are critical of the government is no small matter
He could write more politely
Should i give a list
The two cities are just unique, each a package of different things
> Secular yet not antagonistic to conservatives, values science highly, looks positively to the West
Turkish population is very old like only around 23 percent are 18-25, another 23 percent is children not able to vote, and the rest is these fossils who came from a shitty education, abandoning their villages to prosper in the shitty jobs that a large city like İstanbul offers
The evidence for that trial was total fiction.
I didn't agree with you,I want to be a part of EU
None of the NATO allies have any responsibility towards each other to share any info they have.
One of  the most used ones literally translates as "be alive" lol
Sometimes it gets specific like that guys balls weight 50 kilos
I would say from smaller to bigger: I am from Adana; in Mediterranean region; in Turkey
Basketball is pretty crazy here when it's with fans
[Yes, it's fixed] :) np
It will always have a special place in my heart
If you are not a PKK sympathizer, you are just the worst
Bunlar okumayan manyak
Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan doesn't looks like right
also, 10% is too many
When did a Turkish muslim did anything to anyone in the modern world?
(in a hyped way) ADD 11 AND 29 TOGETHER, YOU GET 40, IT'S OFFICIALLY OUR 40^TH ANNIVERSARY
Famine happened in 1850s, right before Crimean War.
The mouth is the border with Luxembourg and the east is a big back of the head, Bavaria looks like the back of the neck and Baden-Wurttemburg is the front
Seriously tho one of the biggest reason people support akp is because they improved the economy a lot.
I think everyone should periodically
Also, mr
like british and american english
Greeks tried to kill all the turks("genocide" as europeans likes to call it) in Cyprus to unite Cyprus and Greece, like 50 years ago
I was in Nice, on the day of the attack and very close to the place it happened.
I seriously disagree that that would be the same thing.
They had 10 students in a class, and there were 4 classes total
Idk man, most people here would've choose different brands.
Well, in theory, we are still secular
Turkey isn’t in Europe, though
or maybe your flag promote your borders well :)
and şiş kebap in turkish cuisine
Most Turkish problems with minorities were from either before or after his era.
ppl get used to it i guess, lol
He's going to use his infrastructure projects card, his Terrorism card and he is going to play very dirty
She was quite famous in Turkey for a while.
I like the navy and diversity mechanics of USA, UK, Italy and Japan
If I don’t burn, if you don’t burn, if we don’t burn how will the light vanquish the darkness
Mostly without a line but i saw lot of people write with line
Who wants to bet how long until this gets locked
Ehehehehe Iran is my fav currently lmao
Kadıköy is a lot better than Dubai, though
This is the exact situation
Yunanistan işgal etmiş vaziyette.
Iran has also Kurd territory, they can't get anything there too imo.
Our racial type is unknown honestly
Oh yeah, Poles are doing that for us as we speak.
>And if you go to the interior is like Iran or Afghanistan
Fun to visit but most people just use it as an inspiration and then go to local manufacturers when they decide on what they want
This grievance is brought to you by the **Foundation of People Who Still Believe That Wealth Inequality Between European Countries Is an Aberration That Could Be Solved If There Were No Migrants So Let's Close That Border and Watch That German Money Trickle Down**, est
No one knows why they did that
To my friends, yes
I think that's where they will hit opposition the hardest
Same as close you are early you come
Are you kidding me you little piece of shit i’ll have you know i graduated top of my politics class and i’ve been involved in privilege checking with over 150 confirmed political demonstrations i’m trained in conflict resolution and i was the most oppressed person in my entire upper middle class high school you are nothing to me but another cultural appropriator i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which have never been seen on this side of the 49th parallel mark my words you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet think again fucker, as we speak i’m checking with my anarcho-communist analyst brigade for your location so you better be prepared to deal with some molotov cocktails and angry feminists flying through your window yOU’RE FUCKING DEAD CHERRY!
Ankara makes decisions government is there
open up the thread) but imgur is basically unusable without VPN
Everybody to the bunkers we've got a missile hit
Yes, these are most popular cities but there are 79 more cities and their cultures are so much different
Essentially the status quo with lower birthrates and economic instability
Finland beats the Netherlands again
You are expected to take your shoes off when you're in a clean place, such as houses or mosques
Heykelini diksek taşaklarına beton yetmez
We have to feel higher for shitty things now.
Your history is definitely one I love reading about
It's actually the same
I know this song and loved it but forgot its name
What
Tho i am guessing the whole school thing will only last a couple of weeks because people are gonna get sick, no matter how many layers of mask they wear, teenagers are not going to give any fucks about distancing and gov probably will have to close schools again
Welcome to the Balkans where everyone is invader and yet defender
I think NATO should just deal with Turkey's BS for a few more years, and then we can get along well again.
Definitely, but I have a suggestion in addition: Can't we just hold world cups or Olympics permanently in a neutral country/city
Hurray for Norway
Now imagine this guy fucks your country and you can't even run away
Idk tbh i just hear arabic when my grandma prays lmao
For a person who’s mother tongue as Turkish needs to start like an English baby to learn how speak English
he was fighting against the allied forces in the west.
It's just there
Let Brexit be a lesson to people
It isn't a problem,even head of the state doesn't follow the law in Turkey.
You didn't watch the video, did you?
Oh, this asked recently ?  I didn't know that
Why is there a Chinese 爱 character there
People find many architectural concerns unnecessary
And it’s just one movement repeated over and over
We are now at a stage where this should be put at the forefront,"
cool shitpost
When hitler gets a tiger tank for his birthday but all you get in your birthday is funny moustache man #2
That's the exact system we have
There is Cengiz (Ghengis) although he’s a Mongolian ruler, it’s also a Turkish name
There 1000's of article that criticize Islam
Also "başa düşmək" is an idiom in Azerbaijani Turkish which is something like  "to understand/realize" But the idiom doesn't exist in Anatolian Turkish - so when you say "başa düştüm" it literally means "I fell on the head".
The way we pronounce things are exactly how we spell them
(The throne)
We *could* name at least three groups of people who are offensively cheap with money, they are not one of them
great food but fuck the climate.
I'm surprised anyone even cares so greatly what one American publication thinks
(I live in East Thrace)
For Nationalists: II
We will vote no; even my parents who voted for AKP in the past.
No one is delusional enough to think we’ll ever join
There is no such writing in the Bible says that.
Eastern and Central Anatolian accents sound rude and uneducated
Europeans that live in larger cities, can you describe the life in your city
P.S. WW2 was extremely destructive financially
Not always, mostly depends on cause of the attempt
Judaism is a religion, Jews are an ethnic group.
*Republic of Asia Minor*, or *Western Asian Republic* or any other name which doesn't make it look like the country is the exclusive property of a single race of people
But it is still debatable which one is more fascinating.
Danzig*
Not at all, it's usually eaten straight from the pan with bread
Why tho
[Soma mine disaster] (2014) was a huge tragedy in our history
Padva FI
During winter break(ours was 7 weeks long) I have restudied first and second year again to get rid off what I have being doing to succeed
You mean, Karabakh
Kapsalon is high in calories, with each serving containing approximately 1800 kcal.
Turkish version "Fransiz kalmak/I am French to the conversation" does not imply the "French Language". It basicly express that " I am foreigner to this conversation like a Frenchman"
After 4 years, I'm still processing it
I assume if this escalates, NATO will join due to its geography and situation that Turkey in Syria
If you ask Turks if they are "dindar" I am sure the majority will answer yes.
Doing my major in French definitely effed up my English skills
You mean the one invented in 1972 by Kadir Nurman
Then, I think the UN should be granted greater authority over member states and absolute authority over other international organisations like WTO and IMF.
I love that in some Europe maps there is Turkey, and in some its cut out
106 Milyon
It’s for the whole class to use but students don’t leave their personal stuff in it
Well, what I know is Turkey is a transcontinental country.
[Üsküdar'a gider iken]
Konya Ovası?
Lmao, what is manipulation and brainwashing
Thank you, I kinda forgot Magneto was in Poland at the start of the movie
I haven't seen such snow here in years.
its a tall rock from a chocolate company's logo
For example, our next door neighbour lost their just in same week but since we were close to them they told us and we helped them to find a job
Neither do we
I’ll answer your question
Yes, because they sometimes are the only T-shirts around that are cheap
(the prices it took to uncover and carry these to their homeland)
She's still popular though, but at least not quarter of the French voters vote for her.
We have meatballs too but no one seems to know.
Man same thing in Turkey
I honestly think even THEY aren't dumb enough to say that, and they really dumb.
"Cumhuriyeti biz böyle kazandık" (This is how we earned the republic) A photo from the republic's ten year anniversary celebrations taken in rural Western Anatolia
Around 240-300 sqm
That is how democracy works, I don't think that should be such an alien concept.
So peaceful,so beautiful, so Amsterdam !
I believe these known less than Abdulhamit
We shot their plane down, they accidentally bombed the building three turkish soldiers died in, their embassador is assasinated in Turkey on a art show in front of dozens police, by a police, they banned Turkish companies is Russia and blocked their turists to come here....
It'll help you understand why Turkey hasnt been upholding its part of the deal.
Agree with everything except Azeri(?) sounds like the opposite of the way Ottoman elite were speaking
>Falconer - Vid rosornas grav
Much luck, neighbors
There is a short film about it called 'Kedi' or 'the cat'
9 in turkey
Turanist moustache has much more stable look
The government polls say around 40-45% say yes.
Really
This is not about Erdogan or Islamism.
Definitely English
Also we have mixed spices for sauce as well which is usually enough
That is why you create mandatory classes to impose modern values on them.
1900: Konstantiniyye
I couldn't imagine asking anyone to speak "normal" Turkish, at most I might ask them to speak more slowly if they have a thick accent
I know you think this is Islam
You got it
In Europe Scandinavian countries like Denmark and Norway are popular.
I am pretty sure it's a constitutional thing which requires a supermajority to directly pass and Erdogan has only 341 of the 350 required
Sounds of prayer call from mosques
We literrally have the same food but we call it Kokoreç. Its delicious
Inside and outside are really different
I just keep checking these threads for that one swedish dude, who kept commenting "old isn't better than new architecture!".
"Istiklal Marşı" is Turkey's official anthem, and i am very happy with it
It's really interesting how much we share in common with Greece
FTFY
High tobacco tax, ban of smoking in indoor places and anti-smoking ads have all helped
We maybe talked about the Maya but very briefly
Hungary: Macaristan (Land of the Magyar)
Mind you the ruling elite spoke a mixture of Farsi & Arabic; as opposed to the Central Asian remnant 'folk' Turkish, which Kemal Atatürk made the official language once he came to power
She was saying something to us while on the most white and expensive carpet in the house; both me and my mum were in shock
Cons: government
why
Girls was jelous tho
He was our foreign minister, with the policy of zero problems with neighbors, that sure turned out well lol.
About %40 of the country is just too stupid to understand how democracy works
But not your regular dances nor specifically folk
It would be unthinkable if Cypriot Turks wanted to join the southern part under a given deal, that Turkey would say no
Everyone is *supposed* to have an "earthquake bag" ready in their house at all times with supplies but many people don't bother.
He showed no signs of that though.
Ottoman Sultan of the time Fatih took the Conqueror title after the battle since Constantinople was considered unbreachable for many years, and Fatih tried to keep the city unharmed as much as he could
Actually you should have said "up the Nile".
I can buy coffee wherever I want but I don't have the necessary skills, patience or a copper pot to make a good cup of coffee, and badly prepared Turkish coffe can be *really* bad.
Istanbul
Kemalists are pretty anti-western too.
This is kind of odd to see
I think it is a soulless city
Carthage
Azerbaijani used to be called Turkish before the Soviets.It's pretty much the same language.
1600: Konstantiniyye
I only can see Kurds having extra rights and priviliges for being a minority
Our culture is very similar and only religion divides us
Every kid in Okmeydanı, Gazi, Tuzluçayır etc.
Ben de bunu yazacaktım, demek ki okul eğitimi yüzünden bilmemiz gerektiğini düşünüyoruz ama öğrenemiyoruz :)
"And if I die they will fart my dick"
Taxis which some try to take the long route if he does you can call the police to give him a big fine
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk for most people, as the founder of the secular republic
Tr de demokrasi mi vardı aq
Thanks for your input
**The todays part of the map**
German Turks are just too used to Germany's quality of life and think Turkey is much closer to it in development than it really is.
How "unidentified" is this really
[Old Istanbul] - I love visiting these areas in Istanbul because they are full of history and lives
Left has always seen his bullshit
I read the news a lot so more than daily, but between daily and weekly on TV
If no one stops you, you don't even need to be a state official to overrule the constitution.
When I think about it, we maybe never talked about the vikings
We have coat of arms for every city but only hatay has a flag
By saying "Little Turgut" he actually meant his grandson lol
He's a national hero who sunk a British battleship called HMS Ocean in the Gallipoli campaign
don't let literalism get in the way of a good time
Sidon = Sayda
Poland had penguins too right
He probably doesn't want the lose the support of Turkish goverment.
Until someone posts the 3rd reich.
Chasing the European dream since,well that's not important
Ending the state of emergency, and having mother tongues to be taught in schools is two
Can you provide examples please
The people will fuck us if we do that" -Süleyman Demirel
Enlightenment directly confronting the social impact of christianity and the concept of religion itself ended christian terror in Europe.
In fact, we call each other "two countries but one nation"
Then elaborate instead of making useless comments like this.
Kardak/Imia is not a dispute anymore
I remember being surprised that some people sounded much friendlier than others, couldn't tell if it was an accent
Andorra: I don't know anything other than the French President is one of its heads of state
PKK didn't give a fuck, they even bombed a police station where HDP members were held.
” These were what my friends have told or I have heard from someone else
But if it continues after saying no, ain't it harrasment
Don't give illiterate ignorant stupid peasants right to vote and expect them to make rational decisions
Level 3 skill: Summon comical images
Understanding each other more important for me.
Spring has JUST arrived to Turkey, so you gotta wait a little longer :/
* [Archaeological Site of Troy] (1998)
This already exists in Turkey for years.
Point of genocide remembrance days is to remember the correct history and to take a stand against political revisionism it loses its point when we just lie in other direction
Ionians
How is he getting re-elected after what he has done to country
I would recommend you do not count out the Kemalists just yet, or for that matter the Gülenists.
And you only have 1 lesson for every class
" I don't know
* I really really like Armenia and Armenians.
Like you could get killed if you were to simply announce that you don't think god is real, or you don't believe in any religion
While Turks aren't innocent either don't you think that the issue is also caused by, you know, literal Greek nationalists overthrowing Cypriot government and massacring Turkish Cypriots
You're spreading lies about people
It’s 5 credits so I had 5 periods for every class
Flag of Imperalists
Wasn't the PM supposed to trigger Article 50 tomorrow?
Skimming through I didn't see a death toll.
Ancient cities of Troy and Ephesus, as well as some of the first human settlements amongst others are also in what is now Turkey, so it's common for tourism related webpages or tours to advertise them as they are attraction
"Some 62 percent of respondents saw personnel from institutions and organizations upholding executive power as somewhat corrupt.
Much luck, neighbors
Nearly 200 years for Greeks actually.
Even a replica of Ortaköy mosque would look more modern
Classes are tought in Turkish and German.
And his core audience, of course, applauds him, while not following his advice.
Many Armenians were expelled from Iranian Azerbaijan
Even if you are 50 years old and lost your home, job, etc
I use vpn to do research
You can see the power of propaganda in Turkey.
There can't be reelections and re-referendums just because they did something they always do
Playing games in Turkish just feels weird
Those names are used like 2 main names rather than a main and middle name
If is there a chance to make this front page, let’s do it in order to get it seen by everyone
Old system was designed to progress you but you know someone needed idiotic system for their relatives to pass exams
Sounds crazy but some people do this professionally and the government is not doing anything about this
This subject will never be resolved as long as both sides keep their current mentality
My friends swim every time they see a beach so, in my opinion, we lost lots of time.
We do shoot at the sun so I wouldn't really be surprised tbh
I too, was going to be happy for Norway, but seeing that the Netherlands is also happy for them, I can not possibly feel the same as our one true enemy, the denier of ministers, the scum of Europe!
french presidents use it alot
But there is definitely more stupid things than this
Yes, but it is considered “yavru vatan” - “offspring/child homeland”
**ARTICLE 1-** The State of Turkey is a Republic
We played against Italy in Euro 2000 group stage
But now, uneducated people changed this into only salt coffee and you have to drink it all to show your intention to this marriage as well as to show how rough a guy you are
If you go further, these gates will open.
french presidents use it alot
There are many, especially in İstanbul
It's just Spanish with a horrible accent
If containment fails I hope no more severe than the original Covid-19
Amca=uncle, abi= elder brother, teyze=aunt , abla=elder sister
Enver Pasha and Talat Pasha was responsible of the events.
It is funnier then you think the number is lower for Norway, Sweden
Sistine Chapel
Since when
Apparently they're quite ok with user-friendly apps like Facebook or Instagram in addition to games, but they are not really able to solve problems
However, if there is a scandal, I don’t think our sheep population would force the government to collapse
Great times to start a company in Hungary
I know serbian language and bulgarian language is different but they had told me they understood each other in a conversation enough to get the idea of the conversation and respond logical.
Trump talks shit about women, Erdoğan tries to legalize rape.
\- There need to be one song from each country
Who knew
Their printing machine was broken so they couldn't print out my residence permit and I couldn't work for a while
I think "smells indian" means that it smells like shit.
same
It's really, really iconic but it's a 10 second video, so I guess it doesn't count
Production is cheap but taxes are out of this world.
Name one Turkish wolf
It was a must for me to do it
I'd like to copy being larger from Russia
"Do you know Dan Carlin’s history podcasts
45 percent of the country is really retarded though, you can break everything down to its basics and they will still probably say something like "you don't get this yet, you need to grow up
Ok dude
Asyrians
There is no need to treat alt-right as if they have a agenda or they propose something.
I was utterly amazed at their way of thinking, it was the stupidest thing
Like king of kings
In Turkey the worst name is Murtaza lmao
Turkish:
I was uhh sarcastic
Atatürk is loved and respected by the majority of the population from any kind of political thought
You have no idea what you are talking about lol
> When I was around 10, an adult man groped my butt while we were in a crowded bus
This is still not confirmed after so many hours
Turkey is the same, almost word for word
In response to multiple complaints that we received under the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we have removed [number] results from this page
Same for a given Turkish person, I guess
EU needs to do something to stop US from attacking Iran
That's because they just act normal and there's no way to know how many they are
There is state of emergency (thats what tureng told me) so this is expected
May be other than some south america ones
If we had a proper government we could have had a position strong enough to stand on our own with the help of some trade deals etc.
As long as society doesn't have anything against it(which they should have), the only logical answer is why not
Nah, they're more religious and conservative on average.
That’s a second ideal table
I was surprised, I thought I'd run into psychopaths a lot
At least you get included
It's been quite a while since when Cumhuriyet could last be described as Kemalist.
Turkey is important for Russia because of straits and mediterranean and Turkey is important for China because of Economic
Or is that just people i know making fun of spaniards?
We already have, find another land piece
Numbers and circle sizes are not related at all.
Mostly people in rural areas speak in their dialect
EU is doing the best pro-erdogan campaign out there right now.
[This
He turns every election/referendum into a matter of religion in Turkey.
Overall, for a common person its good news
Greece and Cyprus: I guess
At some point I thought about finding a job there
But other than that, we do have variations to some names
the one with white collar workers
In religious stories, -miş is used in my experience
Go Slovakia tho
Massive fucking problem, every other day on the news there is someone who got mauled by the packs of dogs
It happens, can't explain
But with politics, Turkey is a hell which is stuck between Middle East and Balkans geographically
women should be able to abort whenever they like.
Like all those muslims killed during the same time period.
Vote by darts
Ah yes Armenia, Europe
Opposition media just reported the leak.
I spent about 9 years in Hamburg.
It's lower when you take the averages of the whole country because other provinces are at a lower population density
If such thing happened Russian radars would have probably picked the position of this claimed Turkish F-16 over Armenia
Too much territory to hold onto with a hostile population you need to deal with
You're not the authority to decide that.
No problem, with that money we will buy more planes.
We are from Asia/Siberia
Cringe
Idk my mom's grandfather was a islamic music writer so I guess he was something like a pious man
And since they are chosen at random and it's compulsory pretty much every group should be represented.
Will EU hurt it's own vallet to teach Erdoğan a lesson?
I counted 52 on this page:
Look that was all janissaries fault ok we won’t have independent armies this time only state army
Also Romans
In every street you will see atleast two stray cats
It means to feel foreign or you can use it when someone is looking blankly
I guess I couldn't be atheist if I was leaving in early 19th century already
I doubt Erdogan has any understand of diplomacy or human dignity.
i get 25mbps download/ 7mbps upload for 80₺ ... what a garbage country i have
^(Even tho they will probably cheat)
Other common words are abi(short for ağabey, older brother) or abla(older sister)
They tried to steer it away from Islam, not for the sake of itself but because it was not working.
When you forget to close the door — “Were you born in village without doors
The magnitude of waste isn't an excuse for waste itself.
Seems like it is a vengeful act related to Syrian rebels and their defeat at Aleppo.
without spitting someone in the face by accident?
Bu iki muhendis proje hakkinda cok fazla teknik terim kullaniyorlar
Europe is a diverse continent and you cannot attribute any one value to it.
For Turkey or formerly Ottoman Empire, the dumbest 2 things were:
From my online gaming experiment this map is %100 correct
It's made of two words "Peygamber" (prophet, Persian) and "Deve" (camel, Turkish)
The campaign against the YPG was to secure the Turkish-Syrian border against the YPG
So I can only understand accents that are close to the standard one, and the Aegean ones are fine too most of the time
To be honest, whole thing is a mess of bad and changing politics.
Israel didn't turn into dictatorship because they border awful countries.
Arabs and Kurds as well I guess.
You are only labeled as terrorist if you are "protesting" in a PKK rally.
But WHAT DID YOU SAID ABOUT ISTANBUL
That's not exactly the kind of threat Russia had.
It's just something I personally wish people would think about more, in designing graphics like this and also for trivial stuff like calling the Turkish civ in Civilization games 'Ottoman'. Because Ottoman were not a nationality, it's the name of a royal family that an empire also got named after
We are and we make the Russians pay for it too.
There will be referendum(like used to) in TRNC about unification which Turkey can’t do anything about it
Nothing particularly against Kurds
Also "e" is commonly used in spoken Turkish as "so
6.5/10 would not sell my country for.
In Ottoman Empire, the most competent heir used to sit on the throne
Now imagine them deciding your fate.
Outside is around 15, inside is colder
Etc
And I have never met someone who doesn't.
Odunpazarı Modern Museum (OMM) of Eskisehir, Turkey
But if the vote is NO, it's true that he cant do much about it and will probably have to give up power in a few years.
Do not steal our history, thx
War means people will die, cities will be razed to the ground, economies will collapse.
Isn't their president a dinosour
Don't feel too bad, ours asked for "at least 3 children" 6 years ago and got no result.
>I wouldn't say that they qualify as a rock band
Tho it is really easy to communicate
I don't even like this guy but seriously, him needint to explain this tells a lot
Although it's not the case in Turkey, it still doesn't make sense.
You cannot be both secular and a Muslim!
And then the witch hunt started
Turkish flag, nazar boncuğu, TDK, Van kedisi
Xiognu
If it wasn't English, it would have been French or German or some other high-prestige language
I didn't know i was the entire turkish government and I don't follow erdoğan endorsed news
They have money, they don't know a single thing about middle East, they hate Turks
If no one has a majority, you get cooperation and compromise, the core values of democracy.
Oh then it is accurate
We have a nazar themed decoration on our wall at home and it's mostly there to look pretty
This is small documentary type of photograph that shows how we did won the Independence War
because its architecture was copied from Hagia Sophia and the Sultanahmet
+ Economic and culturel gap between east and west Turkey
Also British, Italian and French were there o colonize those lands
Welcome to Turkey
You still end every other sentence with "gel" though.
Bread , soup , rice , macaroni , potato other vegetables so it is the reason .
Some jokes might not make sense but it is still enjoyable film
I see this being done to Turks all over Europe, they receive a lot of backlash for having Turkish signs, living in all-Turkish neighborhoods and speaking only Turkish
Bonus: They killed 15 million kongo peoples
Every mother does that, It's like a meme here nothing to sue about.
Kosti was Greek, born in Greece.
Ruoti FI
Uber is lauched back
Thank you for seeing the difference between erdoğan supporters and the others and not generalizing
Turkey does not bomb their own cities.
You would be accepted by many of us.
Most countries don't sanction Cuba, but the ones they do are their natural trade partners.
Almost nothing changed in the mediterranean countries(except for italy) edit: why did i got downvoted for this-_- you guys are racists
Sikimden aşağı kasımpaşa - Below my dick kasımpaşa (Kasımpaşa is a name of an area in İstanbul)
Omuzlar ve diz
I also like tiny versions of the Italian, Finnish and Swedish lisance plates
Same with Liechtenstein
Well you just posted her face with the info that she starred in over 200 amateur films and has +11k followers on twitter
Turkey doesn't have a problem with Kurdish autonomous groups outside Turkey
`, ` what is she doing there this late
Wanting it for Azerbaijan is more sensible
Actually having shops integrated with living space is a good thing, it encourages foot traffic and commerce, forms communities.
The Turkish State is imprisoning people and bombing Kurdish settlements
Behold the Greek brigade will not approve of your post
I wish good luck to fellow pirates there from the Turkish Pirate Party!
Even when you are exceptional you get to go to a smart person paradise where you get to do whatever you want.
Some Greeks on reddit are offended when called Rum.
Yeah covid mutation first seen in the UK
Gök means sky, and the name means King of the Sky
We talk about  how our ancestors were great soldier and how they ruled the world
Software subscription, materials, prints(A0, A1, etc
İnce says he will be in the HQ of Elections Institute with an army of lawyers
I have a hard time seeing the genocidal part of it.
And lots of type of it
Look up Berç Keresteciyan and tell me there were no Armenians lefts in 1920.
Current CHP leader made the party too liberal and progressive for Turkey that it only appeals to "[white Turks]" now.
I'd be fine with brainwashing if it elevated me from being a poor farmer in somewhere in Bulgaria and made me governor of a nice Greek island.
For those who don't know Turkish geography, that means regions where Kurds are the majority or a very large minority
So what do you think about Kurds in Turkey and the Middle East
So you can definitely find schools that uses them but it’s out of the ordinary
Sadly it's a pretty widely believed conspiracy theory in the Middle East.
I think you should look up the definiton of European: “relating to or characteristic of Europe or its inhabitants
I would like Boris Johnson to use his rightful claim to the throne of Turkey
Well, everybodys a little weird I guess
This way, he managed to get the votes of centrist spineless bigots
Easily
Then I will fold the Greek flag and send it to the Greek government via courier service”, Turkish Republican People’s Party (CHP) MP, Tanzu Ozkhan in the Turkish national assembly.
Folk poems and legends from 1600s are somewhat understandable, but a legal document from 1918 may be completely incomprehensible
kârımı paylaşıyorum (I'm sharing my income) ≠ karımı paylaşıyorum (I voted for DSP)
Doesn't mean he was part of the massacres.
During a commemorative event, Ataturk gave a famous and friendly speech
People lived in misery due to politics of the West?
Geez, that must've been embarrassing as fuck
Satılmış. It literally translates to "Sold
I would have expected somebody actively talking about their countries politics to know something like this.
The last part is not exactly true.
There are more if you're interested
People have a fundamentally false understanding of how tax brackets work.
Still if you have conservative employers, you wouldn’t hired anyways
It's always the unflaired ones that jerk this circle.
Tbh, I ate kebab in Finland and Sweden
Even though the exact translation of the UK is "Birleşik Krallık" in Turkish, it is very rarely used that way
My Brazilian friend was using caralho in every sentence
But we hadn't had much time to collect the litter when that Sobieski pal came and told us "go home, you are drunk, go go go".
We have a card you can put money in, you also can download the app and pay with your phone or you can use your credit card to pay but no one does that
**jep**, it's safe to say he has won.
One of my friends work in a industrial area and he always tells me how dogs there attack cars and rip their parts of
Why it should be Turkey's duty to protect EU's borders?
It's the actual battle royale that you're fighting against all of balkan states and your own goverment as well
They turned him into a convertible
My type of country
piliç=chicken
I think I will go with Iron Maiden for UK
I am more into city sight, people and culture.
If you know Turkish, you can search emails yourself using keywords "Esra" and "Amazon".
There are cities inland that are more liberal than Istanbul.
Let me explain:
While it might have been necessary to rein in far-left and far-right terrorists, nothing can excuse the torture, forced disappearances and arrests
People complain when I say komşu is an orthodox version of us with a slightly better political system but almost every time I see something about their demographics they're closer to us than places like Germany.
Odunpazarı Modern Museum (OMM) of Eskisehir, Turkey
Meh before Erdogan there was diffrent problems like Cyprus.
We use the government’s own app called EBA which uses Zoom
Are you denying that Bahceli is a very respected man in Turkey?
How do you do, fellow Kafir
Well, thats a shame
Except for Germany
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Can you tell me what incentives do people have to vote in the referendum for a presidential republic?
You can hate radical islam all you want, Europeans did this to themselves
you really know nothing of this country
Carl Gustav XII is Demirbaş Şarl (Ironhead Sharl)
ah yes good ol garagardoa
Nonetheless people directly assume that you're a "Türkçü/Ülkücü" (that's what nationalists get called) when you use the actual Turkish word instead of some stupid Persian/Arabic words and phrases
We use quite a lot in messaging but not as much when we are talking but still used in talking
The media and social environment they absorb in Germany makes them have a fantastical image of Turkey that gets shattered with each visit but gets rebuilt upon return in an endless cycle.
I’m pretty sure the third one is some drunk Scot swearing at my mom
I was a nice name change I think
I would recommand it
But the numbers are wrong its not 1
Accused of spying for taking pictures of a dockyard?
Most Turks look down upon Arabs and don't like being associated with them
Ucuncu bir arkadaslari geliyor yanlarina ama o ucuncu kisi tatile gitmemis onlarla
Looks like someone was really proud of his/her kid's drawing
The flag tells me it's in Finland *shrug*
Lol says the Greek it is a lot mote likely that Europe would just throw you under the bus.
Crimeans were given Russian passports by Putin
I thought their subreddit would be anti-Putin since Reddit is a liberal place but no
Bad guess as that event was a response protest agaist beatings of Azeris in an Armenian rally
A party is not running for presidency it is an individual.
Like that's not what they have been doing since the Soviet Union days
I am aware of the constant slander of CHP from pro-AKP media.
This fog is very nice if it's less than 15-20 days a year or smth, but if it's more it's bad
Especially before the Discover of America part
More tourism revenue for Hungary, more advertising for Turkey's tourism/culture
Even in the elections your politicians msking us a propaganda vehicle
Well there isn't another party for them media pumps Chp is Pkk and Anti-religous shit and Mhp is the only Nationalist party that can get above %10.Many of them are not happy wigh Bahçeli bur Bahçeli is using coup attempt as an excuse to stay in power.
6-*Allied Powers who tried to invade us after WW1*
Turkish TRT ownes 18% of euro news.
You guys honestly didn't meddle with anything, thank you for that.
Silivri is a district in Istanbul, famous for its prison
ugh
Don't German cows say möö as well?
I and ı is a lot different
Most of the time it is some opportunistic idiot trying to prove loyalty to Erdogan in order to get favors or not get purged.
Funny thing is, Gulenists were actively using their members for AKP ground work until years ago.
You summed up elementary and high school for me.
[Pantheon's Dome] was the pinnacle of structural engineering at that time, weighing 4,535 tonnes with a 9 meters hole (oculus) at it's most critical point.
They'll be reworking it forever since even a good chunk of AKP MPs are against the bill.
Kösem Sultan, a female regent who tried to have the ruler murdered
found the avarage French Gimli.
Those MPs shown in the image are the member of a party which has close ties to the terrorist group PKK (which recognised as a terrorist group by EU,US,NATO)  and its Syrian affiliate YPG
Come EU
I guess "g" is dropped in years.
If you aren't going for the bare minimum price tag, what do you wish to make of the opportunity
But i can’t say the same for Kazakh, Kyrgyz etc
What I am against is the language he uses while doing so
It is pretty long, i am translating the first words: "Dont fear, the moon and the star at dawn will not stop burning"
Demir(Fe)
I did not have hope until they lost Istanbul and Ankara
You would totally not want to take action.
Looks like a nice canal there
[Maybe help if you start reading from 1950’s to get why
Majority of them are Turkified Greeks and Armenians.
Anybody can sail there with a makeshift boat.
hey, it keeps me cool during summer time
It might be more frequently after 70
Well in true Islam women are not allowed to drive, which will certainly make your roads safer.
Turkey should do well to remember, in the very end, we are all Romans
Yes it is but we're experiencing what we call [tyranny of the majority] which is a dystopian version of democracy.
West: Much less likely to secede
They dislike every religion but Islam(they're obsessed about it aswell)They like to deny every fact that could potentially hurt Erdoğan government
*unzips*
[You asked for it
Massive respect for his ironclad balls
It would be more like building a space needle next to the eiffel tower, they're in the same class of building, but they're very significantly different.
•Fulfilled independence
Beautiful
So it's a choice standing up for 10 minutes vs sitting for 10 mins
I guess if they can't get it all with imgur and url bans they have to go after the actual subs too
I have used different sources for the different parts of the map at different time periods
If I’m not mistaken, Kar means d*ck in your language right
And europeans sometimes dare to use the word “brainwashed by propoganda” when I am arguing
#Rivalry
I doubt it would matter in a nuclear war.
They like to blast their distinctive music from their old ass cars
Would not change the result
Can we cook
Oppressing Kurds, can you extent that topic so I can answer it better
Not many but more than you'd think
The first day that you have less than 100 days to finish your service, people throw things at you, eggs or whatever they have until you become a walking mess
I don’t know why
I can’t think of a weirdly spelled name in Turkish and there’s probably none
Most Turks don't read the Quran.
In that case I hope they try something radically different than the typical parliamentary or presidential system
And keep support the government
There is no extra energy in fluctuating temperature.
But mocking him with drawing
So you can put that to rest now
They are Oghuz Turks
I can only hope we’ll be a worthy member in the future but we have a lot to go before that happens
It might be wrong though
452 mn for one of them as of now, apparently
But why we did that
Stop contradicting yourself mate.
invasion successful
Turkey isn't some former colony.
I would say its actually the best city or the second best, has all the advantages of İstanbul, but also has the advantages of having about 1/3 of istanbuls population
"Autobahn" or as it is in Turkish "Otoban"
I don't think anywhere in Turkey would be very safe for lone women at night, although Ankara is safer than Istanbul in that regard
Yes there is a better explanation, they are jealous of the third airport of Istanbul /s
Syrian Kurds(PYD) has publicly shown their support toward to PKK(which is recognised as an terrorist group in USA and EU)
Shower twice a day
Almost everybody has a relative who went to Germany in 60s and 70s.
Sick
2 months ago when we opened the Greek border,Erdogan didn't open Bulgarian border,so i think he likes you
It's horrible
Subsequent with the foundation of the association and the adoption of the latin alphabet, some archaic words from Old-Turkic were resurrected and -thanks to the agglutinative nature of Turkish- some new words were created
Noone says it hurts
I shouldn't have to explain why Wikipedia is a bad source for anything not purely scientific.
Not to add the CIA and NATO directly supported said military junta
Unfortunately this looks like an error
Don’t see yourself as independent from *that* nationalism, because you are not
[Madenci] It local coffee  brand which I haven’t drank any better one yet
It is like made for Turkish audience only
with suffixes: Hello, name-my Can
Then
The event order aligning with Franz Ferdinand's assasination brings a bit of dark humor to it.
He is a f***ing racist b****
One states that they are the descendants of Izzettin Keykavus's tribe, thus the name comes from Keykavus and becomes Gagauz
For example universities
Years ago when he said democracy is a train he will get off at the right station he was being hailed as a beacon of democracy and hope & example for other nearby countries by Europe lol
If you still need a licence it's pretty normal.
His personality cult has been born out of the success of his party's early success.
I replied by saying that the reason is mostly population exchange, and that you should check how many Turks there are in Greece for comparison.
The TDK basically got rid of the rag bag now known to be Ottoman Turkish (which some historians attribute to be a bureaucratic jargon) and laid the basis of the modern Turkish language
I prefer foreign memes
>punk rock band than a metal band
What kind of specific workers, the article mentions welders, surely it isn't all that complicated to retrain as a welder?
The education system is getting fucked our economy keeps getting worse each day and people are depressed because they can't live their lives like all otjer people do
The only thing I admired about the USSR was how they put an end to instutional religion.
Just threaten them with deportion.
Wait, how do you make  Döner in Germany
Its name comes from the town [Menemen]
Wind power is pretty big, hydro power bigger lots of dams.
Most other Europeans I've talked with recognize that Eastern and Western Turkey are very different, they just don't know how huge the difference is
"Say that to the litte Turgut" - Turgut Özal
Though Biden might make our lives considerably harder, the problem starts at the top of our own country and that's exactly what needs to change
The proposed constitutional reforms are erring on the unpopular side so far and the economy has soured.
piç which looks and is pronounced like peach but means ... bastard
Beyoğlu can be partially considered in the historical peninsula
It sounds pretty good
Though, Turkey is sooo genetically diverse that this should not be possible
I do not even understand the reasoning behind this.
Marginally but still, nice
There is literally a transition zone between the two wow
Edit: I just checked the textbook for the course from internet
Do you think our police are any different ? Remember 2013 Gezi Park Protests
You can work your butt of in highschool to get in the first 1000 to study medicine for 7 years and start working for 350 euros a month
He's American, this is usually how they are when they pop in to drop their "wisdom".
My sister and I sometimes bring German to the mix (I took German in high school and she took courses)
Let's not blame others for that.
Between 00:00 and 1:45 its Madrid.
Im turk but i laugh
There will always be nations hating each other for what their grand-grand-grand-whatever parents did to each other, those nations wouldn't exist without that hatred
Its completely random the green parts are not based on anything and overlap with lands we knew had kurdish or arabic minority
3 episodes and 4 hours
But Kurds are a lot more attached to religion in general.
If you're not careful you can confuse words like kar and kâr, which are spelled the same but pronounced differently and mean snow and profit in this case.
>Have you ever considered what being a woman in Turkey means
I quite like it, but a beautiful building here and there is quite nice
Go directly to Turkey
These Kurds killed 40,000 people since 1984
Although it's widely speculated to be suspended in less than a decade.
[Mahmudiye Marşı] [İzmir Marşı] and finaly [Meclis-i Mebusan Marşı] there are more songs from early Ottoman era as well but I dont want to make this longer
E: 1% others
Ay ken sıpik ingiliş.
Fucking your way to the top, truly inspirational!
Years ago, in high school, my friends and I were walking downtown near the Parliament building, and saw a parked minivan with a New York plate
I'm just reeling from the fact that both you and /u/Skulder confirmed my humorously intended brainfarts.
I am hesitant to say something good because we thrive when we are the underdogs but do dogshit when we think we are good
Turkish has gender-neutral pronouns, which I believe to be one of the best features of the language
“Jakuzi” hot tub
There are 18 millions Kurdish people live in Turkey
> Why does every single neighbor of ours is against us
What reality
i feel alive again after a long period of time
Whole world to Cyprus: “OMG, 2/5 of country has gone, I wonder what happened
Government is able to block websites without a court decision now, so I guess blocks are happening like this:
If we do this we can prevail all region
So the 99% figure is definitely unrealistic as only people registered as Christians or Jewish or other religions are registered
A religion wants to get out of conscience/spiritual and get into the worldly politics and social life?
Trying to get people out of their homelands where they lived for hundreds/thousands of years and ship them back to the 'correct' nation state that was just formed is just like trying to remove ink from water after the fact
So I find myself in an awkward situation quite often
The fallens are mostly from villages with poor/non educated places
Is that why all non-trumptards are banned from T_D?
60 anayasası Türkiye Cumhuriyeti tarihindeki en özgürlükçü anayasaydı.
Another great product from Turkey.
I think he means Frankonia is like Scotland when it comes to Bavaria's economy.
“Uçakta kitap mitap okusaydın” You could have read something like book during the flight
Yüz numara = Hundred number (a misnomer from French where the public toilets were numbered 00, "sans" número, heard as "cent numero", number 100)
So a lot of Turks used to have something called Pink Passport from Turkey.
Head of the Turkish religious Affairs condemned the Istanbul attack
Cultural aspects are not attractive as well, they promote the need to consume, Christian values and capitalist propaganda
If it were actually CIA, they probably would have been smart enough to get a local licence plate
This will irritate enough people by itself lol
America has two upper houses
If you go earlier like VI-VIIIth century you have: Bumin, Ashina, Özmiş, Ishbara, Ilig, Qutlugh
„Guys, I have found an awesome strategy, you should definately try it, it works 100%. It is legit”
The reporter almost always uses -di to create a credibility
Many people view history biased
EDIT: dammit people stop with smiley faces
Californian license plate & Egyptian license plate
Municipalities don't ignore them.
we have same foods with greece and middle east
Kanka (It is the abbreviation for "blood brother" but used as dude or mate nowadays)
And religion is completely useless as the people that want to learn it already do as their parents generally push it to them while those who don't care at all just sit there often trying to get some sleep as no one really cares or listens to the class
What's wrong with respecting that
So they chose Ankara, which is nearly in the middle of the land
I'm beginning to think it's too late and mankind doesn't have what it takes for unprecedented changes
fuck that guy
And also I love culture of turks and greek
>"We cant handle more people, we got enough problems in Europe as it is
It doesn't snow in Netherlands?
Now it doesn't matter what Turkey wants moreso how can you bribe Erdoğan (at which EU is pretty good at), but it doesn't matter either.
Why is Poland getting into NATO?
Mediterranean is full of native white skinned blonde people as much as it is full of olive skinned black haired people
Nah
The top post is quite literally about French attacking Germans(both white mind you) yet you're still throwing a hissy fit about "priviledge".
Turkish tv sucks ass
Even though I don't want it to happen most probable thing that might end AKPs and Erdoğan's rule is an economic crisis(we are headed that way).
Spanish/Portuguese
Not every sergeant die but I hear in news once or more each week
I rarely bring up the fact that I am an atheist because of this; I just nod my head in agreement or say ok when my mum wants me to pray for a certain thing
I guess it's not about the religion, I mean at least the religions is not the most important criteria.
cosiderable amount of akp voters can't even speak turkish properly.
Science-denying and defamation of non-theism is prevalent
I hope I can arrive there before the government throws me in jail
Police says generally "finish your drink and leave the spot"
Tembel hayvan (Sloth) = Lazy animal
Like I said, a good portion of the country isn’t religious, and the other half
‘the place where god has forgotten ‘(allah in unuttugu yer)
Turned out they were recording whole office talks but forgot 700 gb recording on the office laptop accidentally, they were asking office people whether they like Erdogan or not, or if coup was staged, to further blackmail them to take them in or replace them with another gulenist person
Went to Stockholm 2 times, and liked the city a lot, learned the language to some extent, followed news, youtube channels in Swedish etc, but in years intensity of my passion kind of fade away
Gagauz, Azerbaijanian, Crimean Tatar are pretty easy
why
Change poland with turkey and its literally same here
USA has a lot to do with the current situation and I am very happy an isolationist like D.Trump has been elected.
The only positive review is from a Dutch Turk.
Oh that's just straight up karen-like behaviour
In Tunalı Hilmi
Apart from that it’s nice to have Black Sea by the north, Aegean by the west, Mediterranean by the south and Marmara in the middle
Supermarkets have 1
Okay, but you're gonna have to brand it "the Christian Union" if you won't even accept Albania or Bosnia.
I personally like him since he criticed the asia minor campaign
My old workplace was like this
I'm so fucking sick and tired of right wing governments everywhere enough bruuh enough pls
even the name of place sound pretty much Turkish lol
1) Turkey covers more than just Anatolia, Turkey owns a large amount of land in Mesopotamia and the Caucasus, along with Thrace
The next dictator
They don't claim to be marxists.
Why is this a thing in Switzerland
Nothing would have changed if they were atheists or tengrists.
Ippon maku oka - Japanese
Hopefully we will get rid of these cockroaches with the next election
She was running in a park near our house and then entered the house with her running shoes on
Always fascinated me as a child.
Half time is [sucuk ekmek] time.
Oh, now we’re reposting from top posts of Reddit
Even if we fought for years, i always saw Greece as our brother, kind of like a sibling rivalry
Taxi drivers, they just make your way longer to take more money
Ottoman Empire at its height (map)
Plus how do we even know this isn't just some random guy they picked up and tortured until he said what they wanted to hear.
I thought it's a shoot from Bannerlord
I agrrewith your points
So they decided to build a parliament to declare democracy in the country
Thank to Kara Mustafa Paşa for that : )
a country like Britain maybe."
Greece, Bulgaria, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Georgia
Last time I checked, YPG wasn't fighting PKK.
Can’t count the dead ones(my mistake , disappeared ones)
But it's still manageable
i don't know why people call japanese cartoons anime neither.
Crimean Tatar: Arguably more understandable than Turkmen
Be direct
1- Central Asian Countries
Turkish rap has shit loads of meaningful songs.
Most of Syrian refugees in Turkey will never return, especially the ones who are already living and working in cities and not camps (around 80% of refugees).
We're in a poor position'. Erdogan told him to "Drink this tea" and gave him tea
Nothing
In this new map brown is ally of Erdoğan, red is secular, purple is Kurdish, orange is Erdoğan
They have been going to the south seaside cities such as Izmir, Antalya, Mugla
Logistics of it still costs a lot though.
You won’t find much disagreement from me for any of those
US bombs Iran to stone age
This feels and looks all like Turkey in the last 10 years or so
In our capital people don’t know how to drive, outside of our capital people know how to drive
Yes.Most Europeans currently dislike Turkey because of Erdoğan.If a more liber president takes control western media will praise him like they did with Erdoğan until 2013 and more people will like Turkey(ofcourse a lot of damage was done).
Unless he actually picks up a gun and joins them, that shouldn't be a crime.
Just put some random central asian women on the role and we will be ok
That said,
If it were actually CIA, they probably would have been smart enough to get a local licence plate
Cronies buying big newspapers (like Sabah), shutting down alternative news agencies, putting pressure on the big owners of opposition media (like Doğan).
Ahahahah :) -eli is just the Old Turkic version of -stan, nice coincidence though
I don't know but they threatened Turkey before(Turkey is fighting against them in Syria and recently arrested a lot of important ISIS members).Also they claimed 2016 Diyarbakır bombing but they didn't do(TAK did that attack).
All those different names are for the same party.
People use it as a cover to make them feel better
Well the Sultan was also the Khalif so..
turkish language wikipedia (vikipedi) is utter shite
I want to say istanbul but it would be  strategically wrong
A local bistro owned by family friends
Definitely got my attention
I understand 70-80% of Azerbaijani and 50-60% of Turkmen but i hardly understand Kazakh i can only catch some words if it's spoken slowly
In Turkish there's a saying among gays "erkek adamın erkek sevgilisi olur" which means "real men date men".
I know racism and nationalism require stupidity but this is another level.
Oh hell no, there are lots of idiots loving him, but no
Eh if you don't know history sure.
I am happy that we share things
Kind of but it's kinda hard for turkish people to grow moustache cause not being indo-european and all
Each city or area has its own songs but these are known by nearly everyone
43 €
For example, you can have a short chat even when buying bagels from a peddler on the side of the road on your way to school
You can say whatever you want
we had a 1 or 2 percent arab miniority before the syrians came and they never caused any problems.
But a party that is willing to house such MPs and not abolish them is responsible for their rhetoric too.
Wtf is that mii kinda thing on the upper left?
They were Turkic, not solely Turkish
Ice, Ice Baby
beer>wine
Sea border issues are no more
Turkish people are born with their tea cups(the curved ones that are called 'ince belli' in turkish, i don't know how to translate it, a direct translation would be slim waisted but it sounds weird too
For me as a Turk Trump is not a bad president in the outer layers he seems outspoken against middle-eastern terrorism and Chinese influence games
You are making the assumption that it's a balanced or objective class.
As I wrote here Russia is threatening to EU members, Erdoğan is threatening to his own people.
>But keep in mind that both communities commited atrocities
Unlike other European leaders Helmut Kohl wasn't happy about atrocities committed by Serbian army and sided with Bill Clinton.
Maybe father is the cook and she does him
But Since 7th until end of 2nd year of university
No, "Images of the suspect " are.
Those 100m is the initial amount for the agreement and this plane is produced by Turkey.UK will help for some parts they won't build it(partnership started in 2015).The program is expected to cost 20-25billion dollars for now and each unit will cost 100m-150m dollar.
It was officially titled as "İmparator" meaning "The Emperor" here in Turkey
he should sacrifice himself in kosovo so his sons can avenge him.
Didnt read kuran but ready to die for his religion, doesnt know anything about economy, but %100 sure that europe is jealous with our budget
Which means truth is defined by those with power
Middle East would be definitely better place without religion.In europe religion is not that oppressive as far as i know and neither church and people doesn't care about it so it's already good in there.
It's been going fine for almost 50 years, Recognizing Northern Cyprus as a State of it's own is  probably the best solution both sides can agree with
Yeah they are able to visit whenever, but Im not sure how the conscription process works if they decide to stay.
Don't be too loud when you're talking in your own language
There are two kinds of Turks, people who put onions in, and people that are wrong
We say "alo" too when we answer the phone
I like it, especially when electricity is gone
You have to remember AKP (Erdogan's party) got 49% votes and Erdogan 51% of them, So a solid 50% of the country would vote against Erdogan getting more power anyway.
It really is great
I just wanna leave here, HELP
It ended a CENTURY ago
Lmao u should make Greek & Armenian & Kurdish federation instead of Turkey
If it exists, it exists
Maybe
lol
"Avalanche kills (insert number) villagers"
However the reality is not that simple
Did the European integration make national pride something less voiced?
I don't think women solo travellers are more at risk than any other demographic from that.
It is nice to hear that
* it is a really individualistic society and to be honest people are not really social
West of Ankara , however is considered European
Yes, I [worship(people meaning)] him as well
Use French ships' superior speed to outmanoeuvre them.
“Post-it” sticky notes
Also, if you don't pour it exactly the right way and speed, the foam you worked so hard to maintain disappears in an instant.
It's okay, that's been part of Turkish/Turkic mentality - for a few decades, at least..
That is simply a way of referring to a string of similar comments, not literally saying all Turkish commenters were ultranationalists nor all of them justified ethnic cleansing.
Turkey, Russia agree killing of envoy is provocation
Program overall until now costed us 200 million we sold 6 of Anka-S to Tunisia for 240 million dollars
Turkey is totally different story .
So many years past since coup, but they are still all around in every high ranking position
It's extremely easy because the ministry always asks older questions again and again.
As a Turk, the fact that people in Europe stand up in the metro even though there are seats is so weird to me
Even Lombardia would fit quite well
AKP is all talk they have zero spine.
One guy used his shotgun to "kill the sun"
There are shelters for dogs already
Being Turkish doesn't mean you're not white.
Straight outta canton
Perfectly safe
1001, 1002, 1003
Geceyi aydınlatan ay misali senin parlayan gözlerin ışık saçıyor gönlüme
Some people have really good imagination here
Edit: Ottomans called Poland "Lehistan" tho so you are right about that too
" and a specific way to say "so much".
Though I should add my school is not the best example because most students have poor socioeconomic statuses
I guess Mediterranean countries always warm and cheerful when compared the Northern Europeans
Sad Turkish noises
It's sad :(
british occupation flag
No, if the result is NO it shouldnt be done.
Republic
Erdoğan entered Syria because he doesn't want a Kurdish state other than Iraqi Kurdistan than in it's borders.
Taxis which some try to take the long route if he does you can call the police to give him a big fine
We can't keep protesting every single bill if nothing's gonna change.
Everytime I check any post or comment includes the subject of Turkey, I also see hatred towards to Turkish people or Turkey itself
Damn right
call to prayer
Exactly
Unfortunately, most of them are generalized and viewed as conservative, pious, and pro-Erdoganists
No Turkey is attacking [YPG] Iraqi Kurdistan goverment is close allies of AKP.
Lurther east you go, more bigoted they are
this is a value created in this lands it is not just to take it to distant locations for glory
Defend themselves against what exactly?
When we get rid of him we plan on keeping that stuff
olur gibi
Not as much as other commenters but I figure that’s because there’s so much going on in our own country
Just go along with it
Anti fascists are the real fascists guys
I believe the first time Turks fought alongside someone was with the Byzantines ironically but we know that didn't last so probably Arabs which started eith the Battle of Talas in 751 where Arabs and Turks fought aganist the Chinese
You are now lying in the soil of a friendly country.
i dunno i love it so much
Nah, when turkish pockets get light.
Will this be overkill for low energy consuming laptop
A. Desert
I honestly think it’s so underrated- everyone I met from there and other Polish cities told me that it’s not worth a visit
Blocking them from voting just because they work in Turkey is a crime.
Fascists twisted Darwin's theories for scientific basis for their ideology as social Darwinism.
It's not about Erdoğan at all
But Greece and Cyprus started to rent some parts of their(?) sea to some energy companies
Below 0, I’ll wear nothing because I’ll be under my blanket in bed, not going outside lol
Pretty sure they founded some in Turkey too
But the Dutch one seems funny with pirated content lol
I agree when it comes to trolls and shitposters.
an opinion) and morons all across Europe will take it as fact that all muslims believe that.
and this was my argue with teacher until she found an encyclopaedia to show me their area in numbers
Are you coded to write the same comment whenever you see the word of Turkey?
The US on the other hand is like a battlefield where the rich win and the poor lose, while the middle-class slowly fades away
Well, most of secular Muslim countries drink alcohol
2) Ornegin, iki tane muhendis bir proje hakkinda konusuyorlar
Oh, Polish people made Dying Light?
south-eastern Kurdish separatism is already a thing,
Our thin skinned buffoon has been around for longer
Yesterday, i was thinking that Poland tries way too hard to be like Turkey
Thanks
In the end, the 10-day trip from the south all the way to the north still exceeded all my expectations
This and a few other things make it very difficult for me ti support Capitalism
A roman salute
Your eyes shines to my heart like the moon who brightens the night
He practically controls the Central Bank and thinks his ideas on how to run an economy are more valid than actual economists' (he was originally an imam
Preparing foe the long sleep
As I said, now I understand why you think that Turks believe Homer is Turkic
The new Sultan, Murad the 3rd, appoints a guy he likes to a high place in the government
i was also robbed and harassed in lugano, switzerland a couple years ago, that memory still doesn't go away from me though
6 upload
While I was in Istanbul a middle aged woman asked me how could she pass to the "African side". I think she thought Istanbul is on both Europe and Africa or something
But Avustralya is used more because every continent name start and ends with an "a"
But who cares, really
65 euros
Man ambassadors really require some personal bodyguards.
Hmm I get it now
It can't be differ much right
Yes
Shoulder and knee
Sounds like it became a more common thing here in Turkey to have 5 afternoon tea though the whole tea drinking habit came from the British
[I just realized there is very big wikipedia page for our latest elections.
I think too many people will miss out on a valuable tangent:
Head of the parliament made a symposium on ''remembering the Abdülhamid'' at the Dolmabahçe palace.
Ethnic cleansing
We are so bad, we arent even evaluated
The old IDs had a space on it that indicated your religion, and if you were born into a family that is registered as Muslim you had Islam on your ID as well
The new generation doesn’t like him,they are in the opposition side
It's unnatural to get this much support in such short time anyways
You are right but the main problem is pro-gov media won't cover this so it will be forgotten when AKP does another 180.
A nation's politicians are only a reflection of the worth of its citizens
PKK was also very weak when army was fighting, around 1999-2000.
112 is ambulance in turkey
You're asking me to read news published by a news outlet owned by Erdogan's son.
As a Turk, I can relate to the frustration Portuguese people are going to feel at this comment
There's always someone else to blame
though when you rank up to more senior positions this becomes not the case anymore
Yalıçapkını (Kingfisher) = Womaniser of the
How many time arrogant Turk need lesson from Russia until you learn place.
How are things going over there?
So I just studied but not learnt until the exam years
During Ergenekon trials some soldiers also commited suicide.Beign 'Gulenist' is a lot worse because they even arrest their family members(as you said many killed themselves before getting arrested).Even during the 1980 coup goverment claimed many 'commited suicide' because they died during torture not because goverment wanted to kill them(deep state did that job).I don't think they will kill them and call it a 'suicide'.
%40 percent of people really hate Erdoğan and those mindless supporters for various reasons.
Likely so
Most of these locations are in the Iranian province West Azerbaijan (not to confound with the Azerbaijani republic in the Caucasus)
It is heavily depended on Turkey due to not being recognised but I don’t think a puppet state can start to drop Turkish Lira and start for making the country acceptable to EU for possible reunion
Döner
The shopkeeper then said 'The service sector is in a terrible state
Well that is highly unfortunate wording then.
Usually, children from all over the world would come in groups, visit the city, usually stay with a local family, hold parades and stay for a couple of days, etc
> I wonder if people would react differently if it was a 'fuck all (insert random minority)' sticker
You seem very down-to-earth, you must be a Capricorn.
There is literally a transition zone between the two wow
It is his flatmate, we dont know yet if he is an accomplice.
Yeah its a little bit of weird but we short it as olm (yea i wrote it by how it pronounces) and it becomes a very different word -we mostly use this in argo]
4 in 2017 too
O = He/She/It
Are those
They also like to prey on girls in front of high schools and parks
Only "büyükşehir" (big city) exists as a legal term, and there are only 31 of them including 14 that Erdoğan made büyükşehir just to play to their regional prides for votes.
No it is not
I support the unification of the island but I don't think that will happen anytime soon
" – The shop owner
Friendship ended with MERKEL, now THERESA is my best friend.
Turkey is just ok with its small beautiful colony in the middle of E. Mediterranean
>Do you judge your fellow Turks the same way you judge foreign genocide deniers, and foreign genociding leaders
What is surprising is that such a developed country can not provide proper healthcare to its citizens
Bin Saud, a Wahhabi who forbade to listen music, was forced to listen to the lute right before his execution.
It's okay for a city of 16 mil
Alas, most students don’t have access to the internet and the ones that do simply don’t care
English german french italian spanish
We do not talk about a lot about people and their sufferings
tokyo drifti izleyip köyde traktörle drift yapmaya calısan abinin götüne kamyonla gireyim
What
Also, some Turkish municipalities have been trafficking people to Germany with service passports, truly embarrassing stuff
Looks like a nice canal there
Destroying even the god’s trust is also erotic appeal
The conflict of course has religious backgrounds, but it's political more than anything.
(English) Skopje
Also please no lectures on how it can't/won't happen, I'm not asking about "can/will it happen", but rather "what if it happens".
Can we get links to these comics glorifying martyrdom?
OP explained about it as puberty and I understand it wrong at first
I've heard other Europeans having Ethics or Religious classes but I've never heard anyone mention Philosophy classes
Antalya & Edirne are lovely too
Now I want to get in jail in Germany, then try if I can escape from it
Honestly Erdogan was not this bad back in 2001.
I have visited british museum and was shocked to learn %15 of all museum is from turkish homeland and  % 8 was from greece
The sea joke put  smile on my face
Erdoğan ( still president) won 3 elections
I just can't take Bulgaria seriously.
I bet you don't even know that the biggest steps for Turkey's accession to EU was taken under Erdogan's goverment how ironic.
turkic mythology\*
" Just stop drinking and sleep Germany you'll breathe normally when you sober up
Every single post-Ottoman State purified their borders in this same way as Turkey did, during the process of and after gaining independence
For example you can look Atatürk's letter to an Anzac's mother
It feels like the country has a sign that reads ''This country uses product placement in its streets'' at the aiprort
Afiyet olsun: It's like "bon appetit" but not exactly the same
How much money are airlines losing over this
Saying that even our most powerful ruler (or one of the most powerful ruler) did say that as the ruler of everything
Razing mosques without sufficient proof of this brainwashing is a good and fast way to make your muslim population hate you and sympathize more with extremists.
No, it was never like that
If we do this we can prevail all region
I swear if europe's standards is this low I should just immigrate...
Small information about Turkish one
Yes, but even in the good old days we were disliked in the west.
Ah yes, the absolute best part about Istanbul, the many, many adorable cats just roaming around
When your room got messy in short time like you did some project and asked your mum to clean it, when your mum sees it, she would say “Did bomb drop here
Turkish
2) Generic Balkan Country
OK, so do you believe it is more plausible that this attack happened because of Erdogan or because of further publishing of Charlie Hebdo cartoons, which was the previous reason for previous attacks as well
I like to think that this just a brief time period, during which the egotistical know-all types are making their final world tour in an extravagant display of performance, only to be remembered as a thing of past in the hopefuly not so distant future
It's kind of a useless thing to debate about
We know this already, and we talk about it.
I told her Serbia was supposed to get Albanian lands but since Albania got independent Serbians took some Macedonian cities and of course Bulgarians wasnt happy with that
After all Classical China and Catholic Europe are very different originally
Ayup, my current boyfriend is American
Of course I know what party got what amount of votes.
I can comfortably say Istanbul, Istanbul, Istanbul, Istanbul and Istanbul
So they removed the parody angle and named the dog Rintintin
we can switch our position in the continent, if you want :D
Still if you have conservative employers, you wouldn’t hired anyways
From what I can remember, Siktir is also in many other balkan languages
Other languages which are spoken as native languages by minorities in Turkey are Azeri, Turkoman, Karapapak, Bosniak, Bulgarian, Greek, Aramean, Arab, Circassian, Georgian and Abkhazian
In any case I do not consider TRNC a sovereign state so even if most Turks considered it the brother country, I wouldn’t write it here
You overestimate the knowledge of random young adult who has never worried about this before
The thing is that it could've very well worked if head of MHP didn't backstab CHP and HDP.
Armenia: Not a threat for us but a real threat for Azerbaijanis
That its agglutinative language
There is a lot of people thinking the Ottoman Empire was still as powerful as it was in the 15-16th centuries
Like come on what next, denying Germany is Europe
These people created a culture which can’t be seen in today’s life but if you look for it, you will find these people in the city
Children, unlike what many believe, do not have free rein to do as they please
They actually said they want to be a part of the investigation.
Shit I’m not even close to German and I’m gonna miss her
000 people homeless
People cant even buy meat, resulting in carbonhydrate overconsumption
Say hello to my little friend
“Türkiye Devleti bir Cumhuriyettir
So why don’t you crawl back up your mum’s fanny and die?
Also, occasionally someone will double park so you will have to swirl around them, which slows you down
islam is fascism in religion form so no they can't
Of that percentage, I'd say 10-15% are not AKP's real voter base but voters of the old right parties that were absorbed, and yes these people are "muslim conservatives" but of a different sort.
Happy Fat Thursday
When I saw the girl, I immediately said she's Turkish
Ignoring common law, what does this mean?
This is good to know
Well, there's a milyar over there
I don't know about "Hitler's inspiration" thing but that doesn't change anything.
The building was destoyed and rebuilt countless times.
Very delicious even if it is a bit of an acquired taste.
Sometimes they make a tower out of their skulls the other time they rip everyones eyes out.
Thank you for the list
All people would enjoy a chat with me in a bar suddenly becomes a historic enemy in their minds
Russia has a base in Armenia after all
It surely worked to some extent, but it also had so many adverse affects, which is kind of irrelevant to this topic
How was he supposed to know that he's not Russian?
We're in a poor position'. Erdogan told him to "Drink this tea" and gave him tea
>wait til 3'14''
It’s national anthem is the march if independence
What is the story behind it
If the "strict immigration" here refers to drowning refugees, yes, it is a far right position
Construction sector is the darling of oligarchs
kurwaball
I disagree with you, we'll just have to see.
In the east side of Lake Sevan, parts of the Syunik province and Yerevan
So be careful ur Nutella may say things like '' It's Istanbul Not Constantinople'' or '' It's been 567 years  forget it''
Hittites
It blows my mind how european languages have ton of dialects while Turkic languages maybe have 1 or 2
Hahahaha stop I can only laugh so much
Emergency powers don't grant the authority to overrule the constitution.
Not in Europe but I have visited Alanya Kalesi, it's in Antalya
Same thing happened in Balkans and Middle East few hundred years ago.
Fun fact: Even though the guy in the picture doesn't wear one, they usually wear adidas here as well
Brexit is done turn this into a win don’t get lost in the past
Barış Özcan
I think expat means someone who works in a foreign country but doesn't plan on staying there on the long term whereas immigrants are permanent residents .
This title and the article is misleading.
He was a loved Armenian-Turkish journalist and there were huge protests with the slogan "We're all Hrant's, we're all Armenians
Taxi drivers are well known with their tourist scams
Translate for Redditors: Came here to write this, seems like we think we should know about this but we can't learn it
5km to work and back
So you can see how making generalisations like this based on random internet commentaries you read in English might not be accurate, yes
Steven Weinberg
i used to get bored a lot when i was living in japan
Evet efendim özür dilerim efendim
As the commenter below said they're basically Turkish rednecks, pretty much.
I go with do not believe
One as a rebel government in Ankara ruled by Atatürk, one in İstanbul ruled by the Sultan
They are our brothers, that is probably because they are Turks too, i am not that good with politics tho
a lot of danes take antidepressants
Okinawa, Hokkaido, Shibuya
Yes
Go back to 4chan
There should be more cats in turkey
And how do you know I'm non-european?
It is soothing to see Asians with their umbrellas
I honestly doubt that the idiots ruling us know about Reddit .
we can no longer deny the fact that we are at war.
All it is is a preservation of the status quo, and we all know how good he current situation is (it isn't).
Greece is so beautiful and its architecture is absolutely unique with blue and white colours
I meant the 4th picture, the people on the right for example.
Invasion wasn't but the occupation is.
(Turkish) Üsküp
Out of the European languages I think it has to be Chuvash
Why do people act like Turkey conducting a millitary operation in Syria is such crazy news when more or less everyone did it
No I don't underestimate but it's incredibly stupid.
I don't like watching football or eating kebab
This behaviour only causes more polarization among people on this subreddit
The American geography lends itself from getting from A to B as fast as possible and the large displacement tradition of American power-plants reflect this
I highly doubt we'll see anything notable.
It would be much better if they specifically banned Burqa.
Now; this does not diminish the magnitude of Armenian Genocide, how traumatic it was for Armenian people as a whole; nor does it absolve the actors behind the Genocide from blame or responsibility
LoL Smyrna
Who was the previous government?
The most Polish of Turkish towns: Polonezköy
I saw 54 too
On the other hand Anatolia has a unique culture
So jealous of your upvotes now
Conservative housewives are biggest voting group of Erdogan's Party.
Sultan forbids him to live in Istanbul
And yet you probably feel more connection to Greeks due to speaking Greek, having a Greek name/surname and practicing Greek culture than to Near Eastern people with whom you share more genetic similarity compared to Greece
We love our cats
Lol
Omuzlar ve diz
Even he acknowledged that there is something more important than ruling/fortune/reign
You said your money was on russia i said that because usa won't like that it isn't so funny and by the way Armenia first attacked
relatable :(
And nobody gives a fuck
Why would anyone with a brain bitch slap a race that isnt even minority in the country
The CHP under Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu has turned
No one knows why they did that
I'd like to see everyone agree on something for once.
The only people I've encountered are nationalists and as soon as the conversation gets political they're either supporting the police, standing against gender equality, swearing at an ethnicity or denying a genocide
There is already before
The vast majority left in the city is pretty old.
We were financially independent even at that age so of course we paid them some rent money
3 more, or will i be fluent in just 3 languages
To no surprise, I was right
Now, look at it as if it is a map from an alternate history where areas represented are colonies of those European countries!
It's not against the law
Not in Europe but I have visited Alanya Kalesi, it's in Antalya
it for the last 4-5 days
Giving land from Turkey to Greece and vice versa is just genius lmao
La kes ezik
We lived there for thousand year and came to anatolia in 1071 with Malazgirt war
The kids look traumatized lol
**Copy pasting the OC's description from source:**
I bet his wife slapped him when he went back home
it can objectively proven that in Europe increased Muslim presence leads to increased terrorist attacks
No, I figured the world is going to be destroyed with or without my investment, so I might as well collect dividends.
yeah sure but we must drink tea before that.
15.000 km distance might be another reason
Czechia sounds sexy
We saw the Çanakkale Martyrs’ Memorial
Just go to r/worldnews and read about anything concerning Turks.
I choose: [mantı] meat dumplings with yogurt, [midye dolma] (stuffed mussels), and [kazandibi] caramelised chicken pudding but trust me the chicken has no taste, it's only there for a chewy texture
Still, no need to drag Berkin into this.
Damn must be nice to live in the Schengen zone
[Source]
How much longer are you gonna deny the truth
Istanbul is economically, historically and with population it is like second capital
Mostly because of its strategic location in the geographical centre of Turkey
Mete Khan, İsmet İnönü, Sultan Alp Arslan
Oh and, not an avid tea drinker
I've been saving for a bit so I might buy one though.
Pyramids are wonders with their construction techniques and organizations.
Antioch on the Syrian border is by no means European, but is inhabited by a large number of Christian Arabs.
Tea brotherhood
~~I don't live there though~~
Turkey should've been in that alliance.
This is the type of politics we have been suffering from for decades
Hungary's trajectory is looking very bad
You have probably heard of [kuzu kuzu by tarkan ] but these days its [patlamaya devam by isyan tetick]
I thought I made that clear when I specified that this doesn't absolve anyone from blame or diminish the trauma of the genocide for all Armenians
At this point I dream, think, even remember my memories in English
The majority party can renew elections whenever they want without involving the president.
I must admit, I downloaded you without considering the thread we are in and I'll correct my mistake but you realize my statement is factually correct right
Edirne is full of Bulgarians at the weekends
>145 comments
I thought it was somewhat unique to Turkish seems like most european languages are the same
The president is also the head of state in Turkey
ananı jerry kılıgına sokar tom gibi kovalarım elbet bir köşede yakalar sikerim
By making this simple statement CHP completely avoided this event to be used against them.
It’s not “fully” from my country, it’s a Dutch - Turkish band but the lyrics are full Turkish
Moritz, Ljubljana, Antalya, Bodrum, Delfi and so on
Some can argue the opposite bloc is more deserving or rather equally deserving the same criticism
Delusional
Even though the exact translation of the UK is "Birleşik Krallık" in Turkish, it is very rarely used that way
Of course I, as a Turkish citizen, will blame Erdogan and his utterly terrible policies.
Thank you for this gold tho
Now I am melting in Athens but totally worth it
Zero critical thinking inducing subjects.
Go play with your fucking grandkids already, leave people alone
Makedonya, Please change your name
Couldn't agree more
(Edit) [You can check out this version as well
Sounds like it became a more common thing here in Turkey to have 5 afternoon tea though the whole tea drinking habit came from the British
> US multinationals
Turkey is a guarantor state in Cyprus obliged to protect lives of Turks in the island
George's Cross over a blue background with a white Byzantine double-headed eagle at the center
It was more of a tongue in cheek thing.
Didn't show Kurdistan not triggered enough
You could leave it blank if you'd like by applying to the state, but from what I heard it was an arduous process and it lead to some minor discrimination when dealing with people so most people didn't do it
Okay, but if you go on the G20 wikipedia page, G20 is simply defined as 20 major world economies.
Regardless, many people tend to do it but then their manners are questioned
Damn must be nice to live in the Schengen zone
It's so sad to see always poor people suffer from wars
Lol, it's not hard to bring a bill into the senate in Turkey.
Australians’ origins are European yes, so are Americans’ and so are South Africans’. But they came to a point where they built their own identity over their European roots
It's not the native language of at least 20 mil citizens
No, but planning on studying abroad and possibly moving there permanently
When activities are limited, erasmus students find their own way
Elements discovered later on tend to fit:
Nonantola IT
Do not listen to propaganda
Most of them are getting raped by their family members though
Konya: Rumi, huge agricultural plains, zealots
Old people usually just speak in their own accent though
A great number of people can read arabic text, but they didn't take Arabic language and grammar lessons (for religious reasons
Ottoman government, including the Padishah allied with the European powers.
Syria might become one too if rebels win the civil war.
Birth rate of Syrians in Turkey surpasses that of Turkish citizens
Our love for tea
I had my education in English completely (except history, geography, Turkish language and literature) so yeah definitely heard of it and participated in it
How hard could it be to draw a proper crescent
Turkish language doesn't have gendered pronouns too
I'm sure she'll convince some of her right leaning base to vote for him
3 = üç
And since the PKK is also located in the kurdish cities, there have been clashes and bombing of cities and so on.
State of Turkey is a Republic
I'm surprised anyone even cares so greatly what one American publication thinks
Even their founding members want to break off.
Wonder where it comes from
I'm stupid I guess
Sick
Seriously, what's going on at Poland
Well that's nice
Now you might think does anyone take them seriously
You don’t have to mess with She/He/It
Every school in Turkey makes kids read some books.
there iş some different words and a little bit accent
That's like saying Turkey never existed before 1923, because there was Ottomans before.
I hope for a kurdish party which really can defend minority rights without any links to terrorist organizations
I guess
At geography like that it kinda becomes meaningless if a country's European or not
Erdoğan won't let Cyprus slide away from his claws.
TRNC is dependent on Turkey and Turkey spent billions on them.Turkey was importing a lot of things and after the ambargo Turkey suffered serious economic loses(but in the short term .In long term it benefited Turkey because Turkish industry got a lot bigger because there weren't any foreign competetors and people needed stuff and Turkish military industry was founded after that ambargo now we can produce advanced military equipment.)
asianews.it is a great source for the latest news on Turkish education, I follow it everyday myself.
what happens in reality: cats and dogs eat garbage and breed
There is also obama one and putin one
Based on my experiences people like you are the ones who always try to escape from duties while serving in the army.
Don’t forget Syria, Iraq and Lebanon
Also if you meme hard enough you have an isolated area where you can have constant revolutions and can get weird governments while still being a great power
Think about how politically competent they are.
it doesn't punish erdogan or his voter base.
"Oh, for fuck's sake!" and "Just fuck off, will you." are some of my favourites.
And they were speaking in a common language.
Let us remember Erdogan was defending LGBT rights during his campaign in 2002
But Ankara is one of them
If you are to visit some bigger cities you'll often see people drinking at bars which are  usually quite crowded (especially if it's evening or night time) and hear the call to prayer from the mosque at the same time
Around 30-40% of turkey votes for secular parties so it will be unlikely that around 25-30 million people will immigrate some other country.
He said No-voters are terrorist, FETO members, coup-helpers, PKK-supporters etc., now he's trying to meddle with Europe to gain some nationalist support.
There is a reason why Turks don't involve in terrorist activities.
o - means she/he
That's almost as high as the attacks on security forces, not that that's okay either.
Optic Nerve royally fits the bill, as it is literally British intelligence peering straight into the homes of millions of people.
American private jail owners getting so greedy they wanna arrest all the worlds people
Conceivable
We mainly learn about Ancient Greek Philosophers and their ideas
Yeah i relate to this
At this point it's just a costume
There is just too much place to visit in germany for guy that love history
1 dönüm (modern standard) = 2720 m²
GÖTTEN VERENLER UP ATSIN
There already has been an AC game set in the Ottoman Empire, but if I had to choose another time period, I'd say Istanbul during WW2
I've never been there but I want to spen my remaining life there
Go back to 4chan if you don't like it.
You have polar bears
We need to educate our people ngl
A lot of Western countries started supporting PKK and YPG because they are more cooperative than us, since we are being so thick and isolationist.
The sun used to rise after I got out in the morning, now it's rising too late to see.
We have relations with Jews and Israel, current government is anti-Israel but many Turks and Jews love each other
“Selpak” paper tissues
The bible is a a bunch of crap glued together
People who support the govement mostly still live in goverment held areas.
TLDR: We eat octopus in Turkey
Everyone is adding Estonia to their bucket list solely because of this tweet
That's it
Deliberately starving a child is legally abuse
Turns out he switched to Turkish while talking but I didn’t realise and kept on translating Turkish to Turkish
Doesn't matter still better than atleast one other OECD country
I was just shocked that the only entry from Turkey was not from Turkey :-)
But I don't know the origin of the saying
Turks and Azeris are culturally almost the same.
The difference is that Armenian geographical name changes are places which were originally Armenian - probably in the ancient and early medieval times
You just linked the percentages.
But Government is now changing to one card system for every city and transportation
I used to say same thing before my country abolish it
The way it seems, he wouldn't mind starting a war or pulling off another fake coup and killing more people to stay in power until he dies
For murder rates, all but 3 of the top 20 countries are in the Americas (the other 3 are in Africa).
Obviously there aren't any Mexicans living here so there's like only one Taco restaurant per one major city
Well they got the colors right at least
In informal settings (between friends and family) it generally evolves to cheek kisses
You should ask this on r/Cyprus
Coffee is still widely consumed but It's most of time treated a bit more formally
According to TDK (Turkish Language Association) we took the Italian word *"gendarme"* for jandarma but since French is a Romance language you can tell that it's the same word
>32 women who remained in Diyarbakır prison in those years;
So for small kids a lot of parents prefer private school buses (they are basically buses that specifically pick you from your house and leave you at school and vice versa
edit: I forgot the best one, the word Constantinople doesn't trigger Turks but when foreigners say it by expecting to trigger us, it just annoys us that you think we are that simple
Its pronunciation is so similar to English word pussy, that means cat of course
Can someone explain what's going on here
Try French.One week later you will surrender.
If portugal is not a country than how did they win World Cup 5 times.
Yea, and Istanbul scores 9/10 in housing, even though housing (prices and quality) is one of the two main problems of the city (the other being traffic).
So they ended up taking extreme precautions like this one to keep things legal
Unlike a banana that still maintains the presence of the former government in a guise I'm saying the company itself is sovereign with no locals or citizens to worry about governing
Any reason for the increase of temperature
I think we have had only 4 to 5 days during the summer with some clouds
[Last people that were hanged for sodomy] were back in 1835 though.
Well, I don't see how forcing us to walk to Rakka is anything but genocidal these days...
I disagree, first even if one more party joined the parliament AKP wouldn't have a majority and secularist parties would have feared a second "28 February Incident" not to mention there were many DSP and ANAP and other such party supporters voting AKP for purely economic reasons which would take away votes from AKP and likely would put DYP,ANAP and MHP over the threshold
I wish people hadn't downvoted you.
This is to show that it is possible to do beautiful things even in 2018
I was looking for that comment
Black sea
Cuz I am pretty sure I saw couple of Ocalan posters when I was there
Turkish people are born with their tea cups(the curved ones that are called 'ince belli' in turkish, i don't know how to translate it, a direct translation would be slim waisted but it sounds weird too
[İstanbul for example is divided into 3 parts]#Nationwide_results).
In outer media or foreign people's minds, it is usually the janissaries(An "elite(depends on which age of ottomans you are in)" soldiers that made from young children/babies taken from Christian families)
The streets were packed, mostly of Chinese, and I think most shops had also signs in Chinese
So there is a cultural bias against atheism
The only thing I've heard about Ankara is that it doesn't have a seashore and is too gray, however this argument is not-so-surprisingly defended by people living in İstanbul or İzmir, which is another big city and either loved or hated for WHOLE different reasons, so yeah
IIRC they even pondered establishing their own military
...and that's about it
I celebrate Hanukkah with my mom and my dad joins in too
He wasn't hung by the regime, he was lynched by an angry mob of civilians.
This alone kills me and gets in the way of socializing for me the way I did back in Moscow, if even having lesser vocabulary than locals is frustrating I can't even imagine moving to another country where I don't speak language at all
There are several Old Turkic epics like Ergenekon, Oğuz Kağan, and Alp Er Tunga
That's why Italy did not want to invade Turkey after the war
Biggest reasons are the education system, job problems, economic shitshow in my home country
As a Turk, who is been to Germany and tried the famous Döner shops (so i’ve been told),  I beg the differ
Erdoğan
It’s hard to compose 5 hours worth of material into 1
Turkey isn't exactly friendly with Russia
"You have one month to solve this or I will press the button for realz
It's a mistake I make when I speak English
The last ceasefire was sabotaged by Pentagon when they deliberately bombed SAA positions and killed nearly 100 regime soldiers.
But yeah, we still are candidates
Azerbaijani sounds old and Ottoman like
What the fuck are these recent attacks
They try to make it more attractive by adding cheap plaster ormanents, golden color additions, unnecessary LEDs etc
Israel
Thanks, noted all those places.
The central bank is burning away its dollar reserves at an an unhealthy rate just trying to prop up the lira until April 16.
The people who run away from Islamist oppression would not harm Greece.
Why would Romans conquer your empty forests and shit farms exactly?
Aren't we lucky as Turks
When asked she says she's Jewish
This is the hardest decision :)
Otherwise university students use it frequently because they don’t have time for things like that
There are some words that I don't know but with context it's kind of easy
The reaction would be asking whether the reaction would be same if it was instead a girl and an old man.
(you guys kinda should work on the cuisine though)
4) South Korea or Japan
The slowness of this is the main reason for the converts to not retain their identity.
First time I see anything removed for hate speech here.
[The best films of all time from NTV News] for who wants to explore more
This is how human mind works
You the mothers who sent their sons from far away countries wipe away your tears
Pedophilia in religious institutions is not exclusive to Islam tho.
Even the dogs and sheep
13€ .
I think he is Otto Wels of Turkey.
I spend most of my day at [school] when it's not winter break.
We treat them just as good as your arabs in the banlieue.
Your society has nowhere near the numbers Sweden has.
Kemalist wants Hpd to denounce and condem Pkk but they don't want them to be arrested.
conquering was good for health
Trkey was always this way towards kurds, in fact even worse
La kes ezik
I appreciate if anyone who interested and followed this news to help me understand the law
You should be very successful at your field of work so they would prefer you over an EU citizen.
Exactly
The singer Gülseren didn't want to participate with this song
Some of his followers make him look like, Turkey wasn’t even exist before him, see him like same as Muhammed in some cases higher than him
This will only boost yes votes...
Also for Turkish, don't be scared by new letters
They live in Istanbul so they are deluded thinking it snows anywhere else.
"The place God forgot about":
They aren't bunch of hypocrites.
Ireland is different than Turkey in many ways.
I'm pretty sure the Pope has more than a billion.
Why not just arrest the salafist imams and put some decent ones in.
Obviously it would be hard for a not native language person
Erdoğan literally has zero reletion with terrorism in europe lol Millions of Turks live there and they don't knife people over religion
Ronaldo can say ''I pay at least 600 000 euros per month for that million I get, not my fault that you don't get a decent money''
edit4: [this is how my national pride looked like after going through my inbox] turkey stronk and relevant im not triggered there is something in my eye :'c
I don't like Erdogan and I never voted for him.
As a pro eurasian I'm happy, With this election Turkey will be able to leave Nato and make an alliance with Russia and China
A certain percentage of people there vote for AKP; AKP gets that percentage of seats assigned to that district.
Bad decision
Erdoğan doesn't actually rig elections
They ruled theirown lands and one day they felt
Even my family is considering moving back full time instead of a couple of months a year
So that’s to be expected
merak means curiosity in turkish
The sea joke put  smile on my face
However, these two become really famous and loved by many people
It isn’t long,only 1 minute
Our love for tea
[Moustache accuracy is pretty important]
Estonia's situation was explained in another comment
Kilis, typical Middle Eastern city
For those who don't know, the genre didn't died down slowly by the way, the 1980 coup and the subsequent censorship and prosecutions of artists killed it pretty much immediately as the 80s began
That last word asks which place you belong to, -er- as in Londoner
Instead of making rookie grammar mistakes, they will TALK TO YOU IN LOUDER TURKISH
Virtue signaled whataboutism, gibs me my upvotes :D
Oh because you have been living in the Turkey right?
Kebab Restaurant where serves rice next to a kebab(read the menu before ordering it because people who own that place should not be earning any money and send to the deepest place in hell as well as on the planet)
Of course Erdoğan is very strong too, the majority of the public is on his side, but unless he compromises with someone other than the nationalists -- a difficult coalition to hold when you keep getting humiliated internationally -- he will bring the country to civil war.
i was watching bbq videos throughout the whole europe you notice southern parts throw tomatoes as side while northern parts roast potatoes on charcoal so interesting
Some regions may use different words for stuff but that's all
Flag of Imperalists
I seriously dont know what is currently going on europe, you think Im tryna make a joke
So in my eyes they are no more european than Iran is
So sad that most of the world just act like these never happened and turks are the big bad guys and keep shoving armenian genocide down our throats while we accept the massacres and deny the genocide
You can
cık,
You sure refuted it all in one witty line.
"Makedonya Cumhuriyeti" (Republic of Macedonia) or "Makedonya" for short.
If we let that happen like okay now you take a state
Iceland being far away from everyone else is what I like about it, lol
Can you give me an example
Other Turkic accents and dialects especially the Central Asian ones sound strong, pure and mighty
You start thinking "Maybe I should avoid that crowd" or "Maybe I don't need to go there".
amateur
Muharrem İnce promised that if he wins, shortly after the election he's going to start visiting European capitals, try to fix the broken relations with the EU and assign an ambassador to Damascus to repair the relations with Syrian government and take back what Turkey under Erdoğan's regime did in Syria
There are some known entrances but some of them are under some normal houses or are just hiding under some foliage
They sounds Italian to me so I guess the answer is Finland
I ran out of popcorn ages ago...
And after the Islamic Revolution there was a huge emigration
For a long time it was cheaper to travel to USA and buy iPhone rather than buying in Apple Store in Turkey
How hard can be to give the TC side some guarantee of political safety?
Someone hands you a pack of gum and suddenly it's a conversation about life and death
And our red is the blood of our martyrs
I was expecting great bunch of lands for britain and northern Ireland lmao
I thought the Netherlands would be a lot richer.
The map includes Persia, which was the archrival of Ottomans better 16th and 19th century and never had any influence in.
The word archieve is "arşiv" in Turkish
I'm implying that the reason is a different one.
if anyone fights back and harms some civilians in the process
İts same as "go f*ck yourself" thats how we use it
There is something distinctive beyond our hair color but I can't quite put it
And yet you probably feel more connection to Greeks due to speaking Greek, having a Greek name/surname and practicing Greek culture than to Near Eastern people with whom you share more genetic similarity compared to Greece
Local manufacturers are cheaper and the end result is more sturdy
It used to be more popular at these days beards were referred as  "makeup of the males". This is changing thought, there are a lot of teenage girls in Turkey that admire beardless Korean man in K-pop videos
We say just "Alo" at Turkey and after that we are directly speaking about topic
Führer explains why Kurds should be [killed]
The war of independence, the declaration of the republic, abolishment of the khalifate and the sultanate, and the reforms after that
literally *all of them* are brainwashed
Good idea from turkey
I look for hard rock/heavy metal genres
I guess that will make him happy and guaranties that he will win the next 2-3 elections
Ankara is the brain and Istanbul is the heart of Turkey
I saw that thumb on Italy as a dick
So going to Greece to eat is the food equivalent of reuniting with your long lost cousin that you never knew existed
Cats are everywhere in western Turkey and people get along with them well though
It was rare and it used to be sound cringe
1700: Konstantiniyye
Everything is corrupt here in Turkey
I can relate
mesela
"Can you pack the remains
The Russians were settled in a tiny village when we were across 3 continents
Conservatism exists in every country if that's what you mean.
I like it, especially when electricity is gone
Islamists have problems with referring to the big invisible friend as anything other than allah, but regular people use allah, rab (arabic) hüda (persian) and tanrı (turkish) interchangeably.
He buys sex toys from Amazon and cheats on Erdogan's daughter Esra.
Hah, that is really wholesome
The point is, Kemalist revolutions didnt come from bottom
Teşekkür ederim- e.t.: I thank
The Clock Tower, İzmir
Turks are getting attacked and injured by PKK supporters and Kurds only because they are Turks but what all you peace-lovers do is turning a blind eye to this cruelty, neither condemning nor saying anything about it
Well , Turkey is not getting along with too many countries and France is not the one with worst relations
In practice this can and did fail many times, the concept makes sense though.
Azerbaijani : About 95%, almost native, sounds like a Turkish dialect
lol
*Con meyd his vey tu e tevırn turu dı dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut det hi forgot dı mani
Till negotiations are canceled.
The amount isn't huge and it certainly won't be pursued by the Czech government, so it's a show of goodwill mostly.
Even though we are neighbors to Indo-European cultures, neighbor to Semitic countries or to Slavic people or once to Chinese people, Turkic languages are on its own and share no roots with anything else
The slipper is the "traditional weapon" of the mother in Turkey, don't clean your room, get the slipper etc.
dafuq they doin ova der
" (Korkma
Greece also officially claims the 12 mile territorial water which is de facto non-existent and impossible due to the unique situation in the Aegean sea.
They are an actual terrorist organisation and no we are not attacking Barzani (Leader of Kurdistan) we are attacking PKK and its not ethnic cleansing if that were the case Police would attack kurds in Ankara, İstanbul, Antalya, İzmir etc
Tensions between NATO members are quite common there was literally talks of banning president Trump from UK.
those so called "animal lovers" are actually very cruel people
That's why Erdoğan was jailed in 1999.
You’re confusing “continental Europe” and “Europe”. For example, countries such as Bosnia and Kosovo are in Europe, continentally
Not to mention The Barbarian İnvasion, or first and more than half of our historical data were learned from Chinese sources
My sympathies for Lebanon
i saw this i suppose first flag has big differences between present flag . i didnt know thats first flag
Did not include Kurdish as I don’t consider it as a foreign language, it is the mother tongue of ~15% of our population
Tasty food btw
Soma Mine Disaster
He looks like a South American dictator from back in the day
As for the cost, nuclear powerplants are expensive to build but really cheap to run
No, on the contrary, Istanbul had much less of the conservative types when all Europe seemed to have them
I don't know any other Muslim majority country that this would be considered normal - maybe except from Azerbaijan (we love you guys
There isn't a singular objective reality
You lose more money and arrive your destination later
Tell me about it
There seems like to be a pattern
I will fight them if they make anything wrong
Open the border
with suffixes: Hello, name-my Can
I just kinda wanted to ruin Scandinavian bromance
One simple question; was attacking and killing isis members an oppression and ethnic cleansing against Arabs
Aleppo = Halep
It is a quick read
Wow Belarus please succeed at what we failed to do, I just need to see a protest not fail in my lifetime
I thought Finland was the balls of Scandinavia, Sweden and Norway being weird twin dicks.
European Union dejavu
Woman joining the dance at 0:28 (peach blazer) and man joining at 0:43 (white shirt) are the co-chairs of the party.
Maybe he will notice how inefficient your constitution is and prepare a referendum.
>Dutch and Danish standards of living are way better than French or British
Only %13 people want sharia(and half of them doesn't want it to be forced against other beliefs and many of them belive Iran's or Sauidi model is wrong).Islam affected Turkey's society but saying Islam doesn't have laicsm is wrong nearly all countries are affected by religion.Some majorty christian nations tried to ban abortion(Like Poland) but when Erdoğan commented about it to distract public many people outraged.Islamic traditions and old Turkic traditions affects todays society's right or wrong is based on those traditions but not all of them are same as other Islamic countries.Early Turkey was very conservative but thanks to Mustafa Kemals reforms now it is a lof better.Even the conservative part is a lot less conservative than years ago.So Turkey is different than many European countries but potraying it like Iran is not right.
Tacos
Fix your other parties, Kilicdaroglu is garbage, Bahceli is near senile, and the rest don't matter.
I can give more examples like; Strasbourg, Naples, San Sebastian, St
Besides the most practical things, I really hate that no one in This country cares for aesthetics
It was a political thing after the recent diplomatic mess and both countries are bound by the [UN Convention on the matter of art/artifact ownership]
Especially so when his party is in confidence only because of a tenuous coalition
It's a completely unique piece of scenery shaped by the volcanic ashes of Erciyes volcano and centuries of water and wind erosion
That's better ahaha
Yeah buddy we're expecting sanctions, too
London for its atmosphere and economy
Reject humanity return monke
My parents, grandparents and the majority of the elders, all says the same thing
We mean It's not on my dick
Yeah buddy we're expecting sanctions, too
Fun fact: Even though the guy in the picture doesn't wear one, they usually wear adidas here as well
Ehehehehe Iran is my fav currently lmao
I though it was the fully nude beaches that were special.
We hate PKK and YPG, not all of the Kurds.
Crotia(Hırvatistan) is "stan" too at least for us.
But yes you're right we got along with Europe better before AKP.
A great example of engineering - providing water for everyone
If you called these meat kebab why did u fucking pour ketchup and mayoinesse offffffffff
•İstanbul:Bosphorus,Traffic,New Major,Historical Area, Hagia Sophia,Blue Mosque
jannisaries were personal guards of the khans/sultans.
I just looked up his interview with the BBC to compare
I simply think I would rather go to Edinburgh than to London if I visit the UK again
Erdoğan: i'm a shepherd as well
Don't worry Britain at least you didn't vote to make your president a dictator
Mods let them have their fun, sub ended up here
It was also somewhat popular in Turkey, especially in the internet cafes
Typically most Europeans only know baklava as a Turkish dessert but Chicken Breast Pudding is delicious too
This can led us into Kardak 2.0.
I just want a level headed discussion instead of pissing contest we are having right now.
Turkey is not an Arab country
The problem is Turkey is pretty homophobic already so Erdogan being neutral does not help at all since you really need to hide being gay if you don't want to get harassed and kicked out of your family.
But if you live in a city that is considered large only in your country you can still share your experiences i think
piliç=chicken
Some threads get brigaded sometimes though, you can guess which ones.
And everyone hates each other because of football (türküm)
Even we don't eat snails, we export a significant amount of snails to Europe
We are still in the summer in October
Lol
The most popular ones: Kaan/Kağan (means ruler, also referred as Khan in English) , Mete, Teoman, Oğuz (ancestors of Turkish Turks), Alparslan, Atilla (Attila, you all know who), Batuhan etc
The other side is pro British, we think that British are one of the only allies in Europe, at least a neutral ally, not hostile ally like Greece etc
The kurdish people of turkey can be educated and integrated to the society by a land reform and unifiyng policy
Yes, since all other Muslim countries are so loved.
Comments are full Japanese, variables and other stuff are mixed
all government types, land agreements etc.
We gave that away basically for peanuts
At least not enough to win the elections countrywide
Nobody forced her to take the job
* geldiymiş (Someone said s/he came, I dont know
Go east and you enter the realm Middle Eastern/Levantine cuisine.
Akşener has a slightly higher chance of beating Erdoğan but İnce is the ideal candidate in my opinion
lol i can't stop laughing ahahaha
They even blocked cache server of Google, GoogleDrive, Github, SoundCloud and Dropbox for awhile.
Altın(Au)
And Persians are very different to Arabs, don't mix it up
But there’s too much traffic on the app so it’s quite challenging to connect
I am aware of this of course
agreed
Any turkish president that pulls their forces from cyprus will basically commit political suicide.
Can you also recommend something more fun to watch
To put it simply, because America is vast and open it’s roads are mainly straight
Erdoğan isn't genocide level crazy and Gökçek while crazy he is "Build Transformer and Dinosaur statues" crazy.
I didn't know i was the entire turkish government and I don't follow erdoğan endorsed news
I can not believe food was excellent
Russian
**"Ankara'nın Bağları" and "Erik Dalı Gevrektir"**
I mean Communi- ohhh that's why
You boil some brains in vinegar and salt until it's soft and then drain them and cut them and put some olive oil, lemon and vinegar on top and bam you got yourself some (probably healthy) brain salad
I'm not defending cigarettes, but the world isn't black and white
Another thing I see used is "pulling a photo" - as Turkish uses "çekmek"(pull) for taking photos
We do a little trolling
I didn't express any of the opinions I had.
But afaik its "geldi
[Oil wrestling
Then Europe would get ready for even more refugees at their door.
ananın o dazlak kafasına teflon tavayla vurur sersemletir sikerim
Sure but they also include public transport.
Turkey is committing some crimes in the Middle East, I can say
Neither do I, pal
If we get our act together they will not support organizations because they will not have any reason to.
....so the Irish don't drink Guinness anymore?
It is true that lyrics have changed after Independence War but it doesn't mean that I am going to ignore one side because of it
His actions in middle east was far more severe than even Bush could accomplish
The Last Sultan of Ottoman Empire
I'd say greece and belgium
Refugees camps in Turkey are built and managed by Turkish goverment(by AFAD) .That 3 billion EU send(They are still sending it they didn't even send half of it) will be directly given to Syrian refugees in Turkey(to those in camps and to those in border towns.Turkey will give them special cards and EU and Turkey will put money in them).
>Just %15 of the populution have a fethish
When it does, I wanna peel my skin off though
People learn about religion from their parents/friends (Sometimes from local imams).
I'm not a muslim
half the country's identification numbers was leaked
The fuck kinda döner do you people eat
People are still butthurt about Sevres.
It hasn't happened, yet, but it will be the Istanbul earthquake
You don't even want to see the vandalism and wildness under the name of protests in your countries
Well I guess however many Georgians should just kill themselves, if you say they don't matter.
Not one letter but some dots:
Russian shaman : Protest against Putin
Good those fuckers in tourism sector are money hungry assholes and very pro-Erdogan.
How do you know I'm not opposing him?
Two of my class friends went to Greece
Seems weird to me
If I don’t burn, if you don’t burn, if we don’t burn how will the light vanquish the darkness
I love how you guys see Alexander the Great as hero who actually tried to conquer the known world
Of course there are people who're saying this is wrong but classical AKP supporters shut their eyes and ears to this madness because they think those people are terrorists and pose a threat to the state.
I don't even care about "ethnic" aspect of this, it's very well documented that Janissaries were comparably smaller in numbers.
maybe Greece could get the island back too.
Western Europe needs a stricter immigration policy
Enough corrupt that people who support AKP took crazy high amount of money from government to do job which can be done 75-80% less money if it went to another cooperation
CUP was controlled by the 3 pashas clique after their inner party coup.
A Turk who doesn't drink tea
Not even mentioning %100 of their land being in different continents, thousands of kms away from Europe
Alparslan
Don't try too hard
After all that happened in 2020, I expect Alduin to show up somewhere, announcing us the end times
It's a lot simpler when you think about it that way.
If they gave us the same exercise regimen as the younger guys, there might have been heart attacks and strokes.
And they were all fun, kind hearted, easy going people
There is no Ottoman Empire anymore, and there won't be one in the future.
After watching Djam I realised how much I love rebetiko too
You should try it when you came here again
We don't care about the dates until we go in the middle ages
It means "part of", as you can see with Greenland.
When you listen wait until 3'14''.
won
Olumlu: possitive
Best solution: let's become terrorists and kill random Turkish civillians!
He became significantly more conservative and nationalist in the past 5 years
Azmak is "to get lost" in Azerbaijani Turkish, "to get horny" in Turkish
Seems like it's caused by inner conflicts.
Ah thanks a lot
This whole stuff depends on USA elections a lot
That's a nice tv
I'm really proud of myself lol
not many understands other languages.
So you build sturdier buildings, invest in healthcare, don't wear socks at home, and don't believe every news article or statement from a politician
Nothing i would say except maybe döner and cabbage rolls.
Another atrocity from Nazi dutch.
Halley is ok tho i have to agree.
English and Italian versions of it are also direct translations from Montenegrin
Though I don’t think the problems in East would be solved so easily
There is nothing to sugar coat this
I can’t put my finger on what it is exactly but it’s something to do with nose + hair + skin tone for us but it makes it so easy to spot another Turk
There is a good chance you may accidentally say I am fucked
I think most people are also aware of things like sarma/dolma and börek, which are far more commonly eaten
Only in Beyoğlu you are able to leave a lgbt bar at 4-5 am with your friends to walk in a crowded İstiklal filled with *all* kinds of people, so that you can get some ıslak burger
after that time i started to be more cautious since i often travel alone
When I would see Switzerland having 4 official languages I didn't realize it was regional so I thought everyone spoke all those 4 languages + English
Sgl
he speaks turkish without accent tho..
yes
It is far better than fossil fuels
You cans watch on Google and YouTube
Koç University
They’re also shocked to see our houses are modern, our skin is white and many women don’t cover up
[BBC - Turkey referendum: The numbers that tell the story]
It’s just an idiom
That temperature is standard for us but this year we didn’t have winter and summer came early so that kinda sucks
Ahmet Zogoğlu
] Maybe considerable for second national game
-Probably 5-6 more Russian and Far-East cities-
Now imagine this guy fucks your country and you can't even run away
Even the most educated countries have little to do against that
Been called sand nigger, cheap Turk, black roach, etc.
Fire of Reichstag kind of shit but this time someone really started the fire
Some of the stuff you meant to hear and understand are also only understandable in English as it would lose its meaning in, say, Turkish
You mean god emperor of ~~mankind~~ wolfkind his majesty Recep Tayyip "Karpuz" Erdoğan
In Turkey, 8 euros will get you around 8 mbps download and 0
It is probably the most famous Turkish tune if you exclude "Misirlou".
Honestly, I used to think Turkey wasn’t western when I lived in it
Erdogan is desperate he is trying to provoke Europe so they would make public statements supportive of No voters which then he'll use it as propaganda by saying "Europeans doesn't want the referendum pass because they don't want a strong Turkey!".
When analytics has run out of control
My own country does this on lots of topics and I hate it with all my heart
I love how you guys see Alexander the Great as hero who actually tried to conquer the known world
it wildly varies depending on the company, position and city.
But if I were to move back to Germany, I would probably move to Berlin because it has more going on and half my friends moved there after uni.
Like I said, they have control here and they are using that control as a political weapon.
It's not in his interest as Graham is a fierce critic of Turkey as I said
According to u/johndevries "Turkey is not a signatory of the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness, so this is feasible.
‘the place where god has forgotten ‘(allah in unuttugu yer)
For the same reason why a lot of Poles work in Germany or England.
Of course,you can put it off by joining university but I believe it's necessary in here since we border some interesting countries(Syria,Iraq,Iran,Armenia)
Stick with the Georgian one, they have amazing stuff.
Good cop and bad cop are at the same side, pretending to be different.
But as I stated above, if a german chef (or a non-german chef in Germany who identifies as german) founded a new type of kebab there wouldn't be anything wrong with calling it german
In smaller picture there won't be a war opposition tries to use akp's lies to counter them(Critising Lausanne was mainly because Erdoğan can't directly critise Atatürk but also he can critise Chp with saying Atatürk wanted to gain Mosul etc.
So it is seen as a child of Turkey, the relationship is more paternal than fraternal
This is America soon, all because Democrats are too pussy to make a stand
This is the guy who said we gave the islands to Greece with treaty of lausanne his history knowledge is below average...
İzmir for history and foods
a (â) b c ç d e f g ğ h ı i j k l m n o ö p r s ş t u ü v y z
I'm just pointing out what Erdoğan would be willing to do keep his officers in line.
Lapio FI
Cats, whose native land is Turkey, in general and [Tombili the Cat] in particular
* [Archaeological Site of Ani] (2016)
Two wrongs make a right since when?
damn I wish I had foreskin
That's some shit from Jim Gordon in The Dark Knight
even the government officals started to do so..
We lost isles in Aegean sea so hard even Greece did not get them
Good job Greece
T90's fare much better than modern Western tanks of similar generation and configuration against ATGMs.
The reason is, during Ottoman period, French was used a lot
Erdoğan wants to install presidential system without any control mechanism.
*Slaps castle*
An individual isn't the best choice for anyone because she isn't the choice just the representative.
It's conceivable that if the North African territories were less autonomous that raiding, harassment and political maneuvering could have opened up a window for an invasion.
They are more affordable compare to larger cities (maybe Norway is an exceptation)
I mean Edinburgh has such a refined beauty
Almost every single European city has multiple names in multiple languages.
I was expecting the media to explain the differences between Rojava, Iraqi Kurdistan (whom Turkey helped build and support) but they simple seem to label them as "kurds".
The government is feeding you lies
*Jon meedo hisu wee tu a taberun suruu za daaku foresto, onri tu faindo auto zatto hi forugotto za manii
I was wondering where you were you don't have a long ass copy paste this time?
As for tertiary in every cirty has university in Turkey
Izmir: known for its secular, modern people with their European, western mindset
For example, gonorrhea is also called "French Disease/ Tur
The 2015 attacks where confirmed to be done by ISIS
THEY ARE GONNA STEAL OUR SPECIAL KEBAB RECIPE!
Indeed, you guys just defended your allies, if anything it was Serbia and Austria-Hungary's fault.
I agree, what I meant is that they were treated unfairly, when there are still the fetocu people in parliament; and for all their many faults they were good opposition.
Great.Turkey needs to improve ties with the East while keeping the ties with the West.
Mongols were never really numerous.
I went there last year for Erasmus and it was amazing
Majority of the historical researches would conclude that in reality, Ottomans were fairly tolerant compared to major european powers at the time.
The commanders doing the coup stormed the state television , and made a reporter read the announcement live, on gunpoint
conquering was good for health
I hope they pull their funding.
In ıstanbul if ı remember true there is a law or there was a law
It is same situation in Turkey too
During my studies, we didn’t have any required but recommended list
Please never ever imply glorious Kebab and that smelly Gyro are the same.
I love Kadıkoy and also love Besiktas as well
i just criticised your dumb blabbering about ethnic diversity.
Oh, interesting
It would give more freedoms to Bulgarians, Greeks etc.
They can't even chant anything but allah ekber...
People hate us just because they know our government and judge us by them
It’s the best
Also there's a high possibility that Erdoğan and AKP will lose the majority in the parliament
Some people still give me hope for future of my country.
Please don't cross the line when you speak about topics that you are not informed well
South America because it is a land of equally weak countries and the satisfaction of coming out on top of the continent and becoming a great power
They just want to make absolutely sure that Cyprus won't end up like Crete.
I'm not defending cigarettes, but the world isn't black and white
A coup government wouldn't be any better than this, we need to overcome Erdoğan by democratic processes.
I wonder why no/few VPN services have servers in Romania then
I'm jealous of all these leaders you guys have doing normal human things
that kind of dogs are in big places like karşıyaka (i live in izmir so i am giving places in izmir as an example)
We should do the same
Not even all of our neighbours could actually win an offensive war, nor would they ever want to.
I'll give two, one positive tradition and one negative
New Orleans' French quarter was built on a grid.
You guys love eachother there
bad traffic (everyone want ride car)
It was Arabic until 1928.Thanks to Ataturk he made great revolution which is Erdoğan destroying nowadays.
What are some differences between napoleonic and Austrogerman law?
They think this is perfectly normal.
But hey what's Keanu doing out there
If the Catalonians can kill more Madrdians then they will have true independence
balkan countries could easily declare independence while endless civil wars take place in anatolia but instead they even protected some ottoman heirs.
Excuse my language but what the fuck is this retard doing
My sympathies for Lebanon
i know that upsets you (and me).
Because we dont find it delicious and good
Ye, but he wasn't smart unlike you.
Turn on AC
Turks usually don’t commit terror attacks in Europe
Azerbaijani / Northern Cypriot - 95%/100%
Lower interest rates means people can take out loans buy houses cars go shopping etc.
Luckily for me, this summer has been unusually wet and cool here but we as human beings around the world are getting really fucked
Is it due to COVID
Especially kolonya
They're fed so they are hardly aggressive
Someone's gotta ask the important questions
* "They came out of the bathroom in a robe and masturbated while looking at us
I strongly believe nations such as GB or germany should give back these wonders to country of origins
You don't get to see/notice the ones who are already integrated well
It pretty much achieved what Esperanto couldn't so I like it
Wtf Italy
Even trying to use the skipass was a major pain in the ass for me at -17°, my hands lost any feeling pretty quickly
I haven't seen one in Istanbul
yeah, unfortunately currently it can be argued that it is a dictatorship but more specifically it is exceptionally authoritarian democracy and in europe (and perhaps european).
People with absolutely no knowledge of Turkish that hve nothing to do with this country just randomly get Turkish passports and it pisses me off, as far as I'm concerned language knowledge should be the #1 requirement for citizenship
Yes, but I like taking people on their word.
Maybe some tomato sauce
How dare you call us invaders/s
Even if you are working and staying with your family, they will never ask anything like this until they need your help
Fuck terrorists
Babylonians
Rome was doomed to fail the moment they were founded.
I don't know much about their culture and where their historic land is but it seems as if turkey is trying to prevent them breaking off Turkish territory
That's true, but I don't think the Greek government would be willing to unite Cyprus unless it is done under the conditions they want, which would undermine equality for all Cypriots
In Turkey, replace every "Christmas" with "New Year" and that's it
I guess French cartoons made my childhood.
Those AK's, Iglas and Atgm's doesn't grow on trees
There are a lot of problems here
I believe it's a nation thing
Because first hate is the reason and when that argument doesn't work you use another one.
Everyone was trying to learn short cuts but not the actual way to learn it forever
Don't forget -je words like 'broertje' little brother
Yeah, these Czech developers were spying for Czech Republic too!
The plans aren't clear atm they are locked in a UN box somewhere.
They think he’s a demigod
I'm sorry on behalf of Turkey guys, not all of us are like this, there's a good 30-40% of us that are liberal democrats.
Sounds like a conspiracy theory, but I bet my ass it will leak on way or the other one day
Android is as good as ios
And the government is helping them worth of billioms of dollars while its own citizens try to end a month with a minimum wage of $350
They would teach you if the dead people were christians
But yeah, we still are candidates
(Example, [both] of [those] images are considered kebab, but they do not look alike each other right
Greek Government knows it best"
He never was against it but he is classic traditionalist.
We sent the same people to the US and Canada and they're pretty integrated and seculars over there.
USA because larping to share freedom to the world is fun
We declared this day some anti-communist day because Britain and France didn't make an agreement with USSR so that anti-communist Nazi Germany and communist USSR would fight each other to death and then western capitalists would just exploit them afterwards but it didn't go as planned and USSR decided to fight Nazi Germany after getting stronger and made a deal to not get attacked in the meantime so that's why we treat them like allies because why not lolz
I have met many tatars in novoroski.
I am irritated by people always commenting based on a person's flair
I wouldn’t be surprised if the heatwave would not have been this bad without it
In here if you can get 20 mbps this is probably the greatest you can get
> Because seeing such a striking proof that things are getting better in a place that used to be filled with misery and post-industrial ruins not so long ago, and finding it depressing and sad is a pretty strong indication of that
Yeah haha I think its pronounced the same
Damn I got triggered reading this , I don't want to be associated with any of that especially the BMW disco music part lol .
amk
You can surely understand those since they are all political, but you may not find funny without knowing the people claiming the 3rd airport in Istanbul is very very important and some Europeans trying to prevent it.
Western part is a lot more secular and richer than rest of the country
I humbly disagree my friend
There is a joke that a Turk who visits Baku will land not knowing Azeri and become fluent in one week
When you do get instant karma, she would say “God doesn’t have a stick”
They’re literally a member of EU
It was founded by Atatürk in early 20th century to protect and improve the Turkish language
Nazis had Jewish people as well, it didn't change the fact.
Adolf 0/10
There are a lot of people who believes it.Can't blame them because he's controlling all local media sources.In streets here you will see mostly his propaganda posters (not even other parties much).He's also making these accusations to gain more votes for referandum.Secular people don't give damn about it but his supporters believes everything he said.
I did not explain the full situation because i dont have to
Growth of Istanbul's urban areasp
Why not just let them live their youth without  having them worry about rent and bills and shit
Too much territory to hold onto with a hostile population you need to deal with
nothing exotic in turkey i'm afraid:
No you don't know what does it means.
625 are for children
It's really weird, I mean even the minorities are white as fuck Slavs.
it was beer but since we can't say that...well, let's see:
More people live in European turkey than Greece Bulgaria combined.
Regular 4-people family houses in a nice but not luxurious kinda central neighbourhood will cost about $200k.
Will they even get into the parliament?
Edit: why are you booing me I’m right
In best scenario Kurds can connect Syria and Iraq Kurdistan.
90% of their MP's bureucrats have no place in public life whatsoever.
I see no genocide other than people saying genocide, either provide a solid proof or shut up
” roughly translation is “where djinni(think as a devil) plays with a ball
Those are temporary, the criticism Russia and Turkey get is constant
Sık-mak = to bore/ to squeeze
The health system in Turkey is on top 3 in Europe
I guess it's because we have smaller eyes and more round face structure
My generation is not much literate in computer as younger generations are
>What do they look like
But let me guess he impaled Turks so it is okay since we already established that you were racist monster.
not really seems very accurate.
That aside, the suffix -stan is used a LOT in Turkish itself(Bulgaristan/Bulgaria, Yunanistan/Greece, Hindistan/India, et cetera)
Yeah Suleiman’s and Fatih’s periods are considered golden age
Africa
Obviously i'm making up the brackets here, but in this example you would only be paying 35% on the last cent.
And they even give that in rude "take this generosity and leave, peasant" ways
You can say whatever you want
unfortunately you guys can't have that in eu:(
I rest my case, feel free to believe in whatever you want to believe in.
Care to explain, I got the 1453 part but what does it have to do with Venice?
Even in the Ottoman Empire it was legal in certain situations.
Trenches, battle stations and canons from the battle of gallipoli
(Not so) Fun Fact
As a Turk I love this
That whale would well fit in the US
It caused a major uproar because there were safety breaches
It is really popular
Thats pretty common
But I would answer as the reforms after the war not the war itself
Technically they are neighbours living in different countries
Burundi or Congo are whatever African or Asian country you will bring up are not
You are defending a country that constantly undermines you and paints you as racists.
100₺ = A shirt from a mid-tier brand
So stop bullshitting folks
Also there are closets in every class in elementary school
Although not a movie, the Emmy award winning miniseries [Şahsiyet] is totally awesome
A Slovenian friend of mine once admitted having washed his hands with the little tap inside the toilet
But I think that may be excused since it is currently 5 a.m. here
If TAK or PKK had a large fleet and an army that had a reasonable chance of victory, then they would fight battles with the Turkish armed forces.
It depends on how you frame the question.
Friendly stray cats and dogs all over the place
Cats, whose native land is Turkey, in general and [Tombili the Cat] in particular
I die a little every time I hear people who raise their kids like this managed to become Swiss or EU citizens.
We are also all part of "the Earth".
The blue mosque is literally just across the street.
The absolute worst about these is your relative that you've never heard of says stuff like "Oturmaya mı geldik
This didn't really work because Turkish suffixes replace full words in English
Bankaci olan kisi de "Ben konustuklariniza Fransiz kaldim" diyor cunku onlarin konustugu teknik terimleri bilmiyor
Not relevant whatsoever to running a state
"The coup was a necessity and it was known" even the politicians haven't done anything against it
Is there any other way to see it
I think it means "let's roll another one", though couple of attempts have failed
Stalin displaced thousands of people some returned when Khrushchev let them but unfortunately some were never able to get back to their homes.
How the fuck you guys connect Turkey with the terrorist attack on France
I honestly don’t think like you
I definitely wouldn't. Turkey is only controversially a European country, under the rule of a corrupt politician like Erdogan but the state structure itself, and daily life in general are quite similar to their EU counterparts
European small cities can provide a good student life
For example, our next door neighbour lost their just in same week but since we were close to them they told us and we helped them to find a job
But it seems that they are pretty safe so far
Lmao how will it revitalize Germany?
lool, I always found it funny that we drink a special grind/blend of Arabic coffee that we inherited from the Ottomans and call "Turkish coffee" (aka "homemade coffee"), while the Turks today almost exclusively drink black tea.
I'm in Ankara but maybe it's about local stores around me.
Which may or may not be connected to this wrestling
F for Laika
Bureaucracies don't become efficient overnight.
In spring, you can watch the Bosphorus while blossomed judas trees covers the region and then next day, travel to east to visit some beautiful ski resorts still covered with snow
The fact is clear, USA supported Erdoğan for a decade.
They worked with Fetullah Gulen for a long time.They probably started making the list of Gulenist after 2013 when their relations got bad.
According to Europe,Turkey isn't a European country
not bad...despite all that shit going on.
They were obsessed with Erdogan as well.
Turkey is very diverse in that regard
The good ones are really expensive.
I dont know how much you know about Syrian civil war but Turkey sent its forces just to create a safe zone
Closest relations or geographically to capital
[Sufi Dreams]
Modern day Turkey founded after the Greco-Turkish war, which was a defensive war by Turks against mainland Greeks
They used to get in by entering as independent candidates.
Happy heart attack day !
I never saw it referred to as just Pfizer
Online polls tend to be quite a bit slanted in favor of the right-wing, but not this much.
Trump seems to keep his words at least.
My ass
Looks like Africa lost some weight
In Turkey 100down 20up is 100₺(10,80€)
There was a better way to ask about the Slovenian geopolitical perspective.
Slovakia
I had long hair for 10+ years
EDIT: here's a video for you guys -
There are also municipalities own maps which based on OpenStreetMap but with real traffic data
It was heartbreaking
You hate summer
They must have went underground in 8 BC I guess.
Despite that, around 80% of the population does end up voting (that was the number at a fairly recent election)
If you said to a torrenter "you are a thief" he'd just look at you like you said the world is flat or something
I don't think you can, not every country has a 10% threshold.
And pray tell what media I am believing exactly?
At least not enough to win the elections countrywide
It’s steppe
Genocide only triggers me if it's brought up in a whataboutist way
and also has a proper mayor now
Unless you had a prodigy if you wanted your child to be educated well, you've always had to pay in Turkey as early as elementary school.
Of course, we do Middle ages and modern era too but these places are mentioned at least three times throughout the 12 years
Hahaha it's kind of mandatory
please stand clear
You can't break that cycle because it's the essence of nations
Gemlik and Ayvalik are the two regions in Turkey that produce the most olives; and they are both known for their green olives
People are so wholesome, friendly
Since Ankara has less population than Istanbul i can say it's safer.Still there was few big teror attacks happened here this year despite of how many security officers were around.Btw i think we have bad history with almost every Europen country :P Even in Turkey there is a word like ''Turks have no friends but Turks''.There are too much uneducated,close-minded Erdogan supporters but also there are very kind,secular people here.Have a safe trip sir!
There was an episode of The Crown covering Aberfan Disaster
Their actions are funny and watchable
(not pussy ass football these germans, italians, and french try to pass around)
We knew some famous leaders and one or two wars but not much else in that regard
Then you agree with me you dummy.
It's not an oversimplified statement.
You're probably not going to get any new commenters, since it's already at 0 points; but you might be able to salvage a conversation with the people that are already here.
Does everything run normally while it happens
They want to say "Look, this is an Islamophobe, FETÖ sympathiser.
I know it is very difficult to pronounce a word correctly
a person from turkey is called a turk...not turkish.
when temperature reaches 40°C, they will fire guns to the sun
this song has been created after britain started to help us in fight against russians for crimea.
Absolutely not
> I've talked to throughout Europe also recognized it as a German dish
which is an ancient world wonder was for example stolen from turkey illegaly
Smh
In Turkey there are bigger safety threats than ISIL.
Thank you
I only wanted to see European people response when I wrote this
But hey what's Keanu doing out there
I’m not sure if the process it that long usually but I’d love to make them in a shorter time cause I get excited to eat them as soon as possible
This is a terrible map with little to no accuracy either in the 1915 or modern part of it
Well it is estimated to be around 90%. Official records assume that everyone (except church/synagogue registered Jewish and Christian individuals) is Muslim unless they go through a ton of paperwork to be counted as non-affiliated
As a result of that, his conduct with a girl 6 years old and consummation at 9 becomes relevant
"40 YAPAR" -Devlet Bahçeli
Think on thousands who lay beneath, shroudless
As a warrior of justice President Erdogan will stop these fiends.
Young conservative women dress like this:
Nobody would beat anyone for abducting people lol
But Adana and doner kebabs are definitely not like that
> **jep**, it's safe to say he has won
Like, I cannot show how a heavy turkish accent is.
That is why i didnt count them
We have a card you can put money in, you also can download the app and pay with your phone or you can use your credit card to pay but no one does that
We are not closer to Kurds than most of our neighbours, Kurds are very culturally (and ethnically) insular and more Indo-Iranian than Anatolian.
Happy Fat Thursday
What if UK has a referendum again and they decide to stay, but then never have a referendum on this topic ever again
The first three sections in this constitution can’t be changed and their unchangibility is undisputable
If you're in Turkey and don't have much money eat simit.
But everyone hates Perinçek, who, for some reason, is considered nationally relevant despite getting 0
o - means she/he
We would be the uncle that starts up shit with absolutely everyone on the dinner table for no reason that everyone reacts awkwardly to the presence of
Just here to give my two cents
The good thing about BiTaksi is you know the approximate fare beforehand if you enter the address, and the address is forwarded to the drivers phone so only minimal interaction is necessary
“shit weather” cracked me up lmao
Hopefully, more to come
This film created from book which published in 1957
Should we invade places or something like that
Teşekkür ederim- e.t.: I thank
Avusturya-Macaristan İmparatorluğu
Then I watched the movie Klass
If you are interested, I believe most songs of Duman are popular in karaoke here
You can just put random letters together and everyone will read it the same
117 = yüz on yedi
my mother always says:
Meaning of terrorist is lost in Turkey.
Father said: Whole family used to meet once in a month before my grandpa passed away
They only won one of these fronts (Gallipolli).
It's very hard to find a peaceful silence in big city life
Not nazi fascist
Treaty of Sevres was way worse than Treaty of Versailles
99% OK drivers in Istanbul is a pretty big upgrade for me
It is a Turkish State (we say Anadolu Lisesi) school, controlled by the Turkish Ministry of Education which employs German teachers, teaches German and follows parts of the German education system.
This is exactly what most AKP politicians and hardcore supports are like
So saying that he was born in Smyrna is inaccurate, as that is not certain but other than that inaccuracy nowhere is it says he was Turkish
it's not your fault, no problem after all
I'm new here so me
In Turkey, we say: "Turkey will be Little America".
I agree that the nuance is lost on most folk.
We would not be so pissed if AKP's proposed presidential system was similar to USA, it is closer to Bashar al Assad's Syria or Saddam's Iraq.
I mean if the turnout for the youth is significantly lower than the rest of the population, things would be quite different.
**Düşün altındaki binlerce kefensiz yatanı.**
Can you offer some good books about Byzantine history?
Omg that made me feel so European
You know we are already selling drones to Pakistan and Tunisia right
The Dutch: sees seas
I mean he's currently employed as the Clubs Türsteher.
after that there was no head of the state for 11 years.
"Equal rights" also means equal "right to a fair trial" and such.
And some of them just love Erdogan (Still i assume not majority of them in Germany, but a pretty portion of them in Turkey)
If a certain food like milk is singled out then it would be unethical
Yeah just added that a few minutes ago
He said that "Greece, Romania and Bulgaria want to be governed by İstanbul"
Funny that you guys think you are the bastion of Western Values lmfao.
Dae bird country bad
Nobody anticipates him to win another election, even if he does, his majority votes will be gone
The West would call them "Emperor of the Greeks" to delegitimise the Byzantine claim on being the "rightful" successor to the Roman Empire, as they supported the legitimacy of the Holy Roman Empire
But it's not like that joining the EU is the only way to reach to that point and noticing that we will not get in anyways you can try to search for other solutions, or just emigrate whatever you wish.
Probably the german version is even fancier and im sure its just one word
I'm glad you liked Turkey though :)
If you know Turkish, so you know the difference
I looked him up he is 196cm
It solely based on memorization and we almost never get to learn the logic behind the stuff we learn, which really sucks as we therefore can't project it into reality ublike in other systems like IB,IGSCE etc
I haven't been there since y2k and the mayan calendar thing, hope nobody broke in
As I said we are already profiting in our drone project which had total investment of only 200 million dollars and we sold only 6 of the damn things already in the green
The UK blows my mind because it feels like we have so many trees
So its a heaven for me :p
Artvin's etymology is quite unclear, it was firstly mentioned by Vakhushti of Kartli as "Artvani". Livane is the ancient name of the city also
Look that was all janissaries fault ok we won’t have independent armies this time only state army
I am curious, how do you make turkish coffee?
You don't have to put everything only in one category.
It is a museum and will remain that way for it belongs to all humanity, not just a certain religion.
this is exactly what they signed up for
In Turkey we have around 75% taxes on beer at the moment
S P A C E       I    N E E D   S P A C E
We turks have same laziness (i heard it from a person went to greece) but nobody talks about it
Well, yes
If we can count Istanbul, definitely Istanbul
In fact, we call each other "two countries but one nation"
oh boy
Winners dictate what's justified
Tnx for the info and being sensible :)
Many of the girls who wear hijab can’t even tell their family to they will meet with a boy
Lol i'll remember to use thst term if i'll ever be in Milan and wait at the queue in McDonalds right across the duomo again
1 vote per person, not 1 vote per citizenship.
Quick, get that baby out of there
"please let us keep troops in you"
We are not the conservative types.
You didin't ask for the educated Turks.
call to prayer
Turkish people have more of a dark humour and self deprecating jokes
Hell, even university professors are like that
So, people from Niedersachsen (Niedersachseners?) can be %12.7 mad.
Any help will be appreciated, thank you.
Lütfen gibtir
Which Maraş massacre are talking about?The one in 1978?
Thank you for taking your time to reply!
Ellada, when we find a turkish video that makes us cringe in international platforms, we say "Hey nice greek video, love from greece" and cover our shame eheh
Which led to the today's Erdogan era
I'm really sad about this whole thing
Interesting
My limited personal experience suggest though, that what Europeans call a village we call a town and there are almost no villages left in Europe.
Most of these terrorist follow separatist movement since 1980’s.
I'm a simple weeb.When i see Gintama i upvote.
Because like The built up part of Istanbul is 350 sqmi, and built up Paris is somewhere between 1000-6000sqmi.
in return, erdogan helps him stay in his posistion since legal system is a tool for government in turkey.
(Don't know the writing just pronouncation)
We don’t really hate you per se but Turkish people in Bulgaria have suffered so much, so I guess that raises a negativity
but ragnar was such a cool guy
People find many architectural concerns unnecessary
Russian
Erdogan, he is the tall man
-Kanka = dude
just wait for 2023 the students will take over
They are in charge of standardizing, and sometimes simplifying and modernising Turkish, as well as publishing and maintaining the official, exhaustive Turkish dictionary.
This is Reddit, every country has a single defined alignment and you're immediately an expert on it if you read a few r/worldnews headlines
You cannot enforce border controls easily in the greek islands.
According to Europe,Turkey isn't a European country
Such as attacking a militia that's literally designated as a terrorist organization in dozens of states, including yours
Meme in Turkish  : Boobs
the real problem for global is animal agriculture along with other problems
And these happened in NATO member countries under strict oversight of USA, UK and rest of NATO/Europe
You are right except by one thing: European Turks vote AKP in much higher percentages than Turkey Turks.
They will probably fill all of that sea with soil and claim it
Wow
Even Lombardia would fit quite well
Istanbul's center is all historic
lol I guess someone never heard of Dracula?
But, I like the cultures of my parents a lot
On the turkish version of reddit I saw it being discussed, but it didn't really take any attention away from the (many) other scandals we have.
Adorable
>It’s quite ”light” metal though, takes influences from Finnish shlager
I hate him and his idols too
Support an Islamist leader until the point where it's almost impossible to stop him from becoming a dictator, just because those seculars were too authoritarian for you.
Our drones are not worse than American drones right now they are making us loose money tomorrow when Erdogan is gonna Ukraine can buy couple of them
etc
In USA for a short-term summer working program, the warmest people towards me was serbians.
I think this was what you meant
I'm perfectly ok with the first four singers, actually I should have added them myself, probably
The stuff which are much much better than borsch.
There is no opposition inside MHP any more.
This is the first time I'm hearing about a guy getting arrested for taking pictures of a port.
Are you guys okay
Yeah this is definitely from 1954.
No, this is just a huge reach
>>not knowing some words
It is between Africa, Europe and Asia
(Are You Şeref)Şerefsiz misiniz
Yeah, it looks like i haven't seen all of the comments.
He's getting desperate and picking fights left and right, those fights return as less tourism and escaping capital, which fucks up the economy further which fucks up his votes further.
It's very sad to lose the history of humanity
Islam, this absurd theology of an immoral Bedouin, is a rotting corpse which poisons our lives.
Those places with alcohol usually heap up together throughout a street.
- Suleiman I
Wars with Muslim states while Turks were Tengrist
That here is not a desert
I try to solve the problem by only using British English(speaking as well as writing)
its was  african all along what a research
I try to keep an open mind but it seems like in general we're either portrayed as barbarians who want to genocide every Kurd in the world and drink their blood or we're portrayed as the nazis 2
They use child soldiers, abduct children to fight
The main gateway are the islands.
While WWII is actually recent, and it's effects directly influenced the Europe for another 50 years, I didn't ask about it because Hitler.
(I hope I used nor correctly )
Take a good care of yourself, сосед!
Everyone was trying to learn short cuts but not the actual way to learn it forever
How can anybody accept to work there?
The West should instigate a coup in Turkey and install a Western puppet.
erdogan would 180 degree turn on every single topic including russia, refugees and even islam in the same day turkey gets in the eu.
I can’t decide if Aegean or Mediterranean Region is the best
i would say my favorite district is kadiköy.
SP is already listed in the table.
I'm a Medittereanean guy, I expect a bit more complexity you know.
He fucked up the last election and everyone saw it
you add a g after every vowel and put the same vowel after it, for examle take the word “merhaba” which means hello; you say it like “megerhagabaga”
4 years high school and you finish thr high school like at the age of 18
Right now we have to pay for catching up and it’s a large sum but after that we will be able to produce our own and overall spend less on military equipment
are you like the embassador of bulgaria because you act like you do but in fact you are just some rando on the internet
You guys just shouldn't ave supported him as the democracy hero and savior of Turkey, that's all.
It’s Arabic, not Turkish
And he gifted me a Polish flag key chain
Correct me I am wrong but when did Turkey not want unification
Chasing the European dream since,well that's not important
Tunceli feels foreign because it is the only communist province
olive oil fill up
In villages they are more popular but still not that popular
It'll not believe me
The whole "Armenian thing" shows how invested and studied in the subject .
Look at that person's profile it's full of fake bullshit news about Turkey
Greece and Russia
Everybody understand third world countries with poor healthcare but not everybody will realize being in US when there is a global pandemic is a big risk
I hope he, together with his cronies, faces trial one day, for all of his crimes against this country and humanity
-Do not talk about religion with the old people specially in central anatolia
We say "Konuya Fransız kaldım" which means "I didn't understand/know the conversation". Also why everyone hates us lol
First talks starts about becoming adult and puberty around 7th or 8th grade
Depends on which part of the city we are talking about
My point is not about encouraging nor they can’t be taught
Except that Cyprus has a Turkish minority while Turks in Aegean islands came to Turkey in population exchange.
Kazakh-Kyrgyz : It sounds similar and we use some common words but otherwise it's a little hard to understand
I think it is a soulless city
-Oğlum = my son
Its not just erdoğan
You’d think a party known for their roads would know how to make a decent one
Nice troll m8(OÇ means son of a b.tch in Turkish can mods ban this guy?)
You do realize current Northern Cyprus is only dependent on Turkey because they are not internationally recognized right?
(330+/550, they don't have 367/550 to do a direct change)
Kurdish mothers gather up in front of their buildings and ask their sons back from mountains, they force Kurdish children to be terrorists, so these politicians are basically terrorists in suits
Her horse of course
Politicians and media lies constantly about anything
Strange to see some people are
Kenan Evren, our Military Dictator in the 80s, had a similar look as well
Turk bad
Turkey becomes the hostile one when there's Russia and USA bombing you right...
I dont think Turkey is insulting
o7 comrade
Not voting for Islamist party is not as same as being secular.
There are a lot of Kebab types, some of them are Arabic origin some of them are Turkish origin etc, almost every western Asian country has its own traditional kebab
I guarantee you that Trump won't be elected again, that is if he can actually complete his 4 years.
Actually the idea was to control all the mosques and prevent any kind of radicalism by making them civil servant
Two countries, one nation
No, you are a rational logical thinking human being :D
At some of 79 other cities, for example you can be disgraced by people for having a girlfriend, but at western side it is more common
In 2k18, every political cartoon is either simple as "Orange man bad" or it's just an overlabeled piece of crap
Love Ellada from Türkiye
They just have different methods of enforcing it.
Hot peppers if you want it to be hot
Many Turks have been massacred both in Greece and in the Balkans.
This happened in Turkey before, where IS targeted civilians
But you must deserve in the first place
I remember my 7th grade English teacher from the UK telling me this lol
&#x200B;
Not as much as a normal tenant would pay but just some to help out so we weren’t taking the piss
You got the 3rd one better than me hahahah.
Lmao u should make Greek & Armenian & Kurdish federation instead of Turkey
Ideally, you would start in the one side and then the other side of the Bosporus gets unlocked
Gaziantep=Veteran Antep
Turkey is not portrayed much in movies, either because what we hold dear as cultural high points, things you'd expect moviemakers to make a great movie out of, are/can be vastly different from west's standards
They were there to steal away your resources and people not to help your progress.
"Siz bizim Çekoslovakyalılaştırabildiklerimizden misiniz ya da Çekoslovakyalılaştıramadıklamızdan mısınız?"
around germany
Indians
Thank you I appreciate it, wishing the best for you as well.
[Turkish demonstrator confuses the Dutch tea with French.]
It controlled shorelines between Sinai and Tunis.
If you want to destroy our country this much it's never too late
This, is not one of them
At highest it can be %10 percent
I mean the European people are nice, they probably give a shit.
I didn't realize we were talking about decent people here.
Why though
Assuming the first emperor Osman was 100% Turkish, his descendants almost exclusively married non-Turks, mostly non-muslims in fact, and eventually the original "Turkish blood" was highly diluted
I still think he's just pretending to be an Islamist for political gain.
Even there are videos of some Spanish people dancing with it
I'm not sure how the average numbers are calculated, but I'm pretty sure they don't include the newborn units
Dude you have no clue who I am, what my political stance is or what I think about Turkey in general, yet you put words into my mouth like it's nothing.
1) Generic Middle Eastern Country
I don't know the context behind "dailystormer", I just googled this meme.
Is Julian Assange a traitor
2019 seems like a normal date but if you can match the dots, you will see that many projects, like high infrastructure investments (including several metro lines in Istanbul) are coincidentally planned to be opened just after 2019
Then I am sure if we all are grown enough to sign this agreement, we are grown enough to make unifying to happen
There is no such thing as a Turkish ethnicity though, we're all mixed over here.
No I am from Turkey
It's a global phenomenon, it's not just Erdogan.
Czech Republic
He blamed the Holocaust* on the Dutch, specifically to cause conflict before an election
He wasn't taking pictures of the base.
Egypt: Mısır
Basically the movie"purge"
They are completely silent when we ask why they pay 6K euros for military service if they love their country so much or why they won't return to Turkey
Can you provide examples please
", Russian military songs, "Viva la quinta brigada" (Spanish revolutionary song), German anthem is so cool also
Not many people trust tap water that changes color time to time
If you think that this is the Chamberlain moment, you're dead fucking wrong.
We were the second humans to ever build a city and establish ourselves
Turkish and Greek Cypriots should do the unification agreement with approval of Greece and Turkey
Funding, curbing the secular opposition and so on.
Normally it lasts around a week, worst case 2-3 days
About 30% of the people use 2 or more names
The purpose of posting this image is to let this subreddit share this amazing view I saw a couple of days ago on my way to home.
To my family, no
turkmen %87
” Personally, I find it quite condescending for the people who got the short end of the stick in life
It is recorded history
Once he's done the cleaning turns out to be not so free all of a sudden
Ireland seems to have an almost perfect balance going on.
He travelled to Europe, Ottoman Empire and ended in Egypt
I agree that it's stupid though
We also have that tittyfuck thing but it's called American wank xD
There is two versions of Europe:
uzbek %65
Or maybe read an official government newspaper, idk.
What
Not nazi fascist
How is this related to Europe
DIYARBAKIR, Turkey — In a region where patriarchy generally is the rule, Kurdish society has long stood out as an exception.
I cant say that I do
It wouldn't be exactly hard to persuade them to fight for Erdoğan.
This is not Star Wars
refrigerator - buzdolabı - ice cabinet
I wouldn't have responded if you weren't denying it so categorically (pop.
Probably in 20 years, there won't be this meeting room
They are truly sons of bitches
Where did the muslims that fought the Greek army and Armenian army in Anatolia come from?
Gümüş(Ag)
I can just stare in turkey
They questioned everything even my grandpa's bank account when I applied for a Schengen visa to Italy.
Wow
It solely based on memorization and we almost never get to learn the logic behind the stuff we learn, which really sucks as we therefore can't project it into reality ublike in other systems like IB,IGSCE etc
"Can women even vote in turkey"
Because you don't make sense at all.
This map would make make the whole region blow a gasket simultaneously
Hoi4 changed me
Most of people didn't even vote in that election .
Datça is very beautiful
I have no idea why my textbook had an enite chapter about it
Either way it's ridiculous that these rallies were happening in the first place.
How would that help if they'd just ferry the migrants to Europe like they are doing now?
Most recently though, he didn't like the results of the Istanbul election as the opposition won by a very slight difference in votes
The 1980s were better than 1970s in the sense that there wasn't an undeclared civil war
If I had that much talent I'd be wanking myself all day non stop.
A few genocide issues with Armenia and Greece
Btw your suggestion is awesome too
Funny thing is I realised that a month ago :)
Thank you :)
Moreover, Luke's dog Rantanplan was a parody of the famous dog Rin Tin Tin, star of [*The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin*] another Western series
It is all about how you define China really.
[Madenci] It local coffee  brand which I haven’t drank any better one yet
To be fair, EU was trying to be more humane then their own country(wo/)man
I thought this was a painting
Because that song is just a cover (which is like what, 3-4 years old) of the original song "Kafkasya daglarinda
Translated into;
And that's usually when you pay for  around 10-20 mbps speed of internet
Yeah because it ended so badly in Japan, Germany etc
Also the expected earthquake could happen at any moment.
Point of genocide remembrance days is to remember the correct history and to take a stand against political revisionism it loses its point when we just lie in other direction
I don't know if I am picking those because they're more familiar to me, but it looks like it is based on the Turkish one and others added onto it
In Turkey for most being muslim basically means not eating pork or drinking and going to mosque in once in Friday.
1 dönüm (modern standard) = 2720 m²
Btw thanks for the kind feedback
Turkey doesn’t have any political control over Cyprus as well
Don't worry, we are not coming to Slovenia.
There's a saying we use for Azerbaijan: "Tek millet, iki devlet
Song in this link is in the list for Spain for now
Well there’s a poem called [why should we kill peasants] though
Ahmed’s son
There is an opt-out for religious lessons
İstanbul has a very high population
I do not support mandatory vaccinations
There is a rumor that turkeys were brought by traders coming from India through Turkey
For people who don't know Turkey's climate.We have a lot snow here and it is fucking cold i am from Ardahan and it was -30°C in 9pm and i live in Ankara which is usually -10°C at the morning but some cities like Mersin(Cities near mediterranean and Agean coast) have a very warm climate and it rarely snow in those places.
I live in Turkey and i know the pain living under the rule of a dictator
That said, from the fact that you’re writing in Turkish in an international forum tells me that you’re not really interested in an actual discussion, so I’ll leave it at that
I always saw it as one of the shows targeted at 1-2 y/o’s because of how primitive it’s language was
Adana is the Turkish equivalent of Florida
Turkish:
So while every character in the movie speaks with perfect İstanbul Turkish, they had that Egyptian architect guy speaking with a Laz accent
Armenia is europe but Istanbul is not, wtf
When are we gonna get protests
Yes but I don’t think we can while people are working 6 days a week for 12 hours a day for minimum wage
This world suffered because of revenges and racist prejudice a lot.
Because there aren't 3-5 million Greeks in Germany.
Renewables are not yet good enough to replace the fossil fuels
In the moment every revolution seems like it was started by madmen
Sometimes but it doesn’t happen very often
#AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Oh, yeah, all of these parties, NGOs, local groups, etc are completely separate and have no responsibility if any of them do something wrong.
Earn more than what I do now
I was working at a hotel
Don't forget to have someone standing behind him at the triumph repeatedly reminding him that he is only a man.
Sorry Chicago, but i want my [hometown] back :(
Even ignoring the disparity between combat experience, personnel and equipment - the Turkish Armed Forces are a house of cards waiting to fall down.
That's the reason for this brutality
Yes, snow example of you is perfectly right
It is interesting, that you can visit Turkey to chill
I think the majority leans on pro-EU
AKP is more Islamist than nationalist, something MHP voters are not fond of.
Which is the strechted  length of you middle and thumb fingers .
Southeastern Turkey
One of the opposition leaders is in prison even
Some(a few) Greeks might be offended due to Izmir March's Lyrics and Izmir's Independence from occupying forces
Ve ayak
And their nationalism has very little to do with religion.
Can't wait to have Erdogan get mentioned a thousand times on this thread
isnt far right growing in europe as a whole
Düzce=Kinda Flat
You know this website is just seeking attention/drama when you quote Yeni Safak haha
Guess not clear enough for everyone
You can read sometimes lol
I hope turkey will have its second Female president after erdoğans wild ride
That is very cool, thank you
Supporters of Erdogan like to stress that we are a 99% percent Muslim country (a terribly wrong and alienating estimate based solely on what is written on ID cards, which is Muslim by default unless your parents are of a different religion) while I'd say that a sizeable portion of the population is agnostic or deist in practice
Peygamber devesi
Erdogan was quite in favour of Western values up until around 2011 - talks with the EU was going so good that many were hopeful we would be in the EU in a few years
We wuz khanz
"Oh look, free water for the farms
Does ARM count as "European"? Because they are the biggest in phones
I understand why people don't want to come here anymore.
Gulen is much much scarier and a real rabid islamist unlike Erdogan.
> A one night stand penetrated me without a condom when I had said "no" multiple times beforehand
Erdoğan totally wasn't bashing Gülen in literally every speech for the last 3 years, military wasn't planning on retiring hundreds of people early due to suspicions few weeks after the coup.
Non-native speakers of English,when did you start learning English and how did you improve your reading and speaking
After recent coup attempt his approval rates rised to 50% .
Most of our (Turks of today) ancestors were barely even aware of the war, they were nomads or lived in rural villages
You might like it I supppose
kilotlu corapla denize giren kız kardeşinin kafasını suya sokup bogulana kadar sikeyim
ignorant, the dude doesn't even have a university degree.
Is 43 Madrid
It is more interesting to see that not only they are getting rid of billboards and signs found in private buildings and highways, they are also doing the same on the stores themselves
Please be a coincidence
Living in Turkey and Erdoğan is the worst leader I have ever seen
Lol just watch you flip out when someone makes a genocide joke
I especially wonder about Moskvichs
10 minutes later; these girls right here officer, they are not wearing masks
As long as the chains turn, revolutions are on the horizon
The next thing you know, they'll be calling Azeris nazis.
I like that little plant touch
AAAAAAGH DON'T LOOK AT MY FLAIR
EU doesn't actually care about democracy in Turkey or elsewhere as far as I know.
Kaan, Kaǧan, Atilla, Ata, and we have the -han suffix
Btw when did Jews enter Germany?
But his laugh will carry on to our future
We need to educate our people ngl
Heh I should not have an empirical answer for that since my platoon was specially composed of older people like me, but I do have an answer.
why do i see the galata tower the most lmao
Long story short, the movement never came to an end
The protestors that put knifes in oranges?
I am against capital punishment but for some people death seems like too good of an alternative.
He was a member of the CUP but CUP wasn't a political party in the modern sense, it was a wide coalition.
Ancient Anatolia, Greece, Egypt, India, China(tge last are the least detailed)
Where the nickname 'Odesali' comes from is unknown.
Like I said it's not black and white
The breeze coming from the sea feels so nice
that "tiny minority" is more than 18 million people.
I'm a very social and talkative person, so the language barrier is a big no-no for me
I prefer "rest in terror" lol
Just to put your mind at ease:
You can differenciate this easily when you think, please stop acting like there’s no difference between Australia and Cyprus in the sense of being European
Why not
I traveled visa-free to Russia, but all foreigners who stay longer than 7 business days need to register with the post office/cops as to where they are staying.
Fucking Romania is in the EU because even they make an attempt at curbing corruption and solidifying democracy.
Also we have 3 draining system
Something's not right
Yep
) It's my personal favorite tied with the Anatolian Civilizations Museum in Ankara
That's what you do to your enemies, not your fellow citizens.
Damn Greeks are stealing our cats now
However, if it's a planned attempt with major depression or depression linked mental health problems, then they might see their attempt as failure and be dissappointed in themselves
They had no reason at all to support Greece.
Only the Japanese and koreans get a pass because we like them very much for some reason
It shows the ignorance level of Turkey
Science fiction Bokhandeln may be the best sci-fi/fantasy related store I have ever been.
All these for just a stupid cartoon
How can you decide the what will the universal charger
Lately it’s our government, sadly
It fights wars, sells guns, makes money
Meme, which means breast
I love the Liechtenstein
everyone except Islamists love Atatürk
Isn't that magical enough
Regular Turkish coast guards are already doing their duty but it's not enough to block the refugees from crossing to Greece.
is this old
Yeah all of them make sense, although I still prefer this system over our system, which mosques and other religious related costs are directly funded from the budget
Its only changed if the parents want it to be.
\- Kanuni Sultan Süleyman (Suleiman the Magnificent)
To let you understand how I have worked and which sources I have used:
I think he is not killed
(not Turkey, they hate modern Turkey because they are always living in the past where religious crooks ruled the country)
He might just think differently than you.
One is Kapikulu spahi, other is timariots.
Anyways, I earned scholarships from some private schools; switched to one of them
The slums like Gaziosmanpaşa? Wouldnt want to walk there at night with 30 people protecting me
Not sure trolling or don't have sense of humour.Take a glass of cold water and relax sir.
Denizli=With Sea (this city does not have a coast even though the city is called with sea)
+Bodrum <---this place is not a city but a direct translation means Basement
It's far from ideal but it's pretty pragmatic.
The point i am proving is that you cant just talk shit about him like that, if you do, bye
Zeugma museum(Gaziantep City), Istanbul aviation museum, Topkapı palace, Maiden's tower, Beylerbeyi palace, war museum, pera museum, mısır apartmentz papadoulos apartment, few more apartments, modern art gallery, archeology museum, islam technology and science museum, sea museum, Yerebatan cistern, whole Üsküdar, Fatih, Beyoğlu, Karaköy districts, camondo stairs and a lot more
That battle and oppresion of Chinese caused Turks to have better relationship with Muslims and we became Muslims mainly thanks to that battle
As a Turk living in Greece, I only fully understood what this distinction is once I came here
what
\- Kanuni Sultan Süleyman (Suleiman the Magnificent)
^(Sorry If this sounds offensive
I am irritated by people always commenting based on a person's flair
What am I supposed to do with this information
Churchill: Stalin do you have three controllers or two
The true sons of the nations shall be lost, the young blood has to be spilled, bright futures shall be darkened
Not this jelly hair again please don't take him seriously also I highly doubt Northern Cyprus would be okay with this.
This will have positive long-term consequences for everyone in the region in the long run
Doing amazingly there not closing down one of the biggest cities in the world
For example a lot of them were very-well experienced professors in their respective fields.
Those aren't kebabs
edit:spelling
Stray dogs are not a problem as well
I saw that thumb on Italy as a dick
Jesus, what more does he want
); but was at best a supraidentity, never distinct enough to overwrite existing cultures
Isn't it funny though
This is kinda weird to even think of these scenarios even for the name of Erdogan.
So many incompetent sultans ruled because of it
Can America and Middle East do their fight on where it is not bordering to Turkey
That proposal for Taksim Mosque later was improved to [this] It had suras from Quran carved on its dome and the shadow of the script would fall down on prayers
Hans bring out ze Flamenwerfer
[Since 1870] There are 4 well known, published weekly.
Can you dodge it in there ?
We were taught very well about WW1
People really like Erdogan he actually gets votes and counting is public with may volunteers actively watching the process.
The participation rate in Denmark is %34
Foreign investment is good for currently struggling Turkish economy, plus the property developers are obviously lining up the pockets of our political leadership with cash, so they're happy to sell our country for $250k a piece
He is the president of Turkey(Recep Tayyip Erdoğan).And the point of the meme is people celebrate the new year and then get back to their shitty lives.
Like I can understand using Tax officer/inspector instead of Tax man but what is wrong with Policeman/woman or Businessman/woman?
Which I was in quite successful one but in this high school, we were forced to chose one type of programme which is similar as classes being chosen in university
We are on Hungary's national anthem, that one wins the contest.
[I hear someone likes firearms very much.]
I'm from Istanbul, and my family is from a city close to it
Spanish/Portuguese
From my knowldege of German and English I understood
You cant call it summer if it is below 30 degrees
They disguised as progressives when they first came to power
Where do you get the ice-cream when the ice-cream store is closed :\^)
Most are gypsies with Bulgarian or Romanian citizenship.
As you can see there are some grey countries on the map without any data
You think Russia is some shitty little backwater nation?
Quiet and go back to China you Jap.
Unfortunately yes and it’s only gotten worse
The architecture was pretty cool, I don't think Turkey has anything to compare to Brooklyn Bridge, at least in terms of *modern* architecture
I'm pretty sure Vietnam would look like a pillow fight compared to Somme or Stalingrad, which both didn't really trigger social changes despite their extreme brutality.
Ankara will stand alone
I like the weather and sun a lot
What I meant was that it's in our self-interest to side with Europe over China and Russia.
Yep, Turkish is 100% Phonetic
That is literally the same argument that's used to deny Armenian genocide "It wasn't an genocide just bad management by the goverment".
The rope in northern Cyprus hahaha
In turkish, I'm bored means "sıkıldım". But if you are using english keyboard instead of turkish and type like that, outcome is being "sikildim" and it means I am f***ed"
I don't like some of my stereotypes:
I like this drink, whats it called
My village in turkey is a former Armenian village
I don't think British people would support either country joining to EU with the union's current direction if they were still a part of it.
Süleyman Demirel was a real memer
Well I wouldn't say our opposition is bad they are just too passive because they think they are in Norway or something.
people there, especially the old ones, will have a different accent
Please learn anything except Döner "Kebab". Döner isn't a kebab properly guys
Not more of it
How conveniently it includes Cyprus
Adana, Its one of the 81 cities
Not really, there is no in-between.
Years ago my family doctor told me to become a “water heater repairman” (şofbenci)
Hoi4 changed me
I like todays flag the most
Nevermind my answer
Under my high school there is an old underground church
But intercourse or STD, in my opinion, is not that this age to learn about
Before overthrowing Putin  go and fix your proplem
Did you visit Zimbabwe or something instead of Turkey?
Also many Armenians converted to islam to stay in their lands.
This saddens me that how much we’ve come changed to different direction
European armor and sword design did not reach it's peak until late Middle Ages.
He would find a way to turn the opinion against Erdogan after he had seized power, and us secularists would be even more fucked.
Foreign schools have a long history in Turkey (since the Ottoman empire) and they are some of the top educational institutions in the country.
Well, noone speaks standard Turkish anyway
Unlike [this guy] they probably know what they're doing and are aware of the dangers
I live in Antalya and eastern coast of Antalya should be full of dots.
IT depends on where you are, in some places they shy away from people.
And in the end all of İstanbul is ugly
I don’t know about Turkey
Remember, every empire has had a final day
Be extra nice to stray animals, especially cats
In fact, the movement had begun about more than a century ago but it only made its way to the official state agenda in 1932
People hate each other because of that
I thought it was somewhat unique to Turkish seems like most european languages are the same
But the british ambassador tells him that would be inappropriate, since Queen victoria is only donating 2000 pounds
Surpassing a religious people caused to elect Erdogan  government
Georgia: Not a single problem
Maybe only %20 of the world really wants peace.
Do you remember anything about the poll?
South half of Cyprus:
Aga tabiki demokrasi en iyisi
Not everyone is in the politically conscious bubble
Either way, I'm fine with voting for whichever one come round two
Th sounds can be either t or f but I decided to use t
Vodafone ama 110 lira aslında ben düz yazdım
>How do you call northeren part
The world is going mad
for turkey(now) a bridge between europe and asia( we learn this in geography lesson :D)
Horny irish ppl
Obviously current Turks have more Anatolian, Balkan, Caucasian and Middle Eastern DNA than Turkic one but some Central Asian ancestry remains to this day along with our language and culture
And if the coup succeeded they'd ruling
You go to an exchange office, exchange your dollars and take the receipt.
It's not about being nationalist or not.
Even the most of the islamists are hating them
Well many locals also can’t speak the language properly so, they would fit in
Now I am 24 and doing my master thesis
Europe always seems to have problems with religions.
-local market, butcher, tailor etc knows everyone in the neighbourhood
Republic
Replace Erdoboi with Merkel
Ottomans did this to my ancestors as well.
I had no idea Alexandre Dumas was black until I watched Django Unchained lol
Beginning of 1630’s when [Hezarfen Ahmed Çelebi] flew over Bosphorus would be a nice scene to escape
"Hazır ol ya da olma, işte geldim
Just so you know TAF will not be getting better in the following years.
Protest for what
I would choose one of black tea, salça, kolonya, or cigarettes
Her career was over
But turkey could not get it despite 30 years of justice seeking
He has been idolized and I find it dangerous.
People who living with their families are usually kind of people that have an arranged marriage and live as that with no problem
I would think the overraction they are referring to is increased survelliance and maybe laws directed at muslim minorities.
Turkey is a unitary state though, while the UK arguably isn't.
Wonder why it's never included
Ironically the Turkish in Germany are whining about "gurbet", telling us how hard it is live abroad and how they love Erdoğan
Look
But because of Erdogan's Ottoman fetish and need to show off we just poured down millions to this huge concrete replica of medieval mosques in 2017 that has no architectural innovation
Wikipedia is quite accurate when it comes to scientific information.
just shake it man,LOL
We were not just fought with greece, allience and armenia but the ottoman sultanate(Istanbul goverment), islamist and kurdish rebellions too
the [2001 financial crisis] in turkey brought this monster upon us.
It's pretty clear when you take a look at the plotters' resumes.
It is pretty great
Istanbul didn't get any serious snow yet and it is getting very weird
They just don't yell and curse anyone they don't like so they don't seem as bad, but in essence they are.
[Not Soviet, but built in the 50s.](
I see your point for Russian people, but the rest?
In turkey, people except erdoganists usually support Ataturk
It's not something new, we Turks always experience this hypocrisy
records etc) since it doesn't really matter for asylum seekers who may have a 3-4 yr discrepancy.
Truths hurt
Geologically Anatolia is very new
Dogs are submissive, but a cat will fuck your shit up if you mistreat it in any way.
We are related culturally for a long time
Lots of people have downvoted me, lol
Putin also didn't kill those soldiers, unless he personally decided the coordinates or flew the planes or manually approved the attack.
İnce will also offer Akşener vice presidency
Due to education system, my life just turned into you memorise these so you will be in the best high school in the city
I remember shit like this happening when I was a kid...
durmuş (it stopped)
Look at Ukraine and how close they placed their country to ours
1 is too many
If we are calling a group (male based) we mostly use  "beyler" [Bey means some sorta sir and -ler (it might be -lar depends on the word) is plural suffix] ;if we are talking with just one friend, we call him "kanka" (some sorta bro but its different) and we also use "oğlum" [It means my son
Background Information: Sungur said, “We built first aid tents to help to people who got injured in Taksim Square”. When Sungur, who an academician in City Planning Department of Istanbul Technical University, volunteered to join into protesting to stop bulldozers to demolish Gezi Park, she didn’t have any idea that she would become symbol of the protests
As a Turk this hurts :/
People get mad over every fucking shit nowadays i just dont know why they are THAT mad
But it backfired and now he is trying as hard as he can to keep at least a little part of them in the country(Nearly everyone wants them to return after the war ends).
But the Turkish government doesn't actually help them get to Europe, Erdogan just stated that they won't prevent them from going to the other side of the border
I would suggest Syria
Competing with the likes of Kenya, Uganda and Jordan.
You mean, Karabakh
5 = beş
I don't think Akşener's support by herself will be enough
No doubt it was more democratic (Still was not enough).
You pampered him for years and now suddenly Erdo terrible
IDK why but I had alot of fun while checking this out
“Uhu” glue
Xenophobia is expensive and everyone understands that
İstanbul voted secular on latest election on 2019
Please hate him more in the future not only with empty statements but with more actions like this one, his supporters really do think that he's invincible, maybe this will be an eye opener.
Czechia was inclined to agree, but apparently some of it doesn't align with EU regulations so they had to refuse.
I just looked up his interview with the BBC to compare
If we reach quarter-finals, it would be above my expectations and would feel satisfied
Now, that makes two of us, mate
Dear Americans if you again have intentions to bomb middle east, aftermath please take the refugees to your country
How did it end up
i still cannot visit the place where bomb exploded
Cultural aspects are not attractive as well, they promote the need to consume, Christian values and capitalist propaganda
No it's not, you're an island with a tiny genepool, and your only connection to Europe is a tunnel.
For those who may not be able to access the site for whatever reason:
What I am against is the language he uses while doing so
Pil = battery
CHP is accused of having ties to the terrorist DHKP-C
Everyone knows bad things, political tortures, murders happened after the coup, they weren't necessity, this things must be done in front courts, justice should have been applied
I thought Europeans liked being legalists.
He is a human being with respectful vision for Turkey
Sometimes we forget to use, sometimes we overuse them
In turkish  the verb azmak means to come or to get horny while in Azeri and Eastern dialects of Turkey it means to get lost
They are literally everywhere here
Just because something is harmless doesn't mean it's respectful
I am Erdogan, AMA
That's King to you
duuude
And the issue gets even more complicated after that since it reaches a point where those people are accepted neither in their home country or their host country
Literally changed the constitution and switched from parliamentary to presidential system (Turkey)
The flag I see is Turkey's flag
Worst things I've heard from English people are football chants at the Germans in the Euros, which genuinely is light hearted fooling around.
Only turk kill
Bunu buraya ben getirdim
I have mostly worked with honest people like they would say if they couldn’t wake up or lost track of time, etc
Like, radical secular tradition of Turkish politics is really radical and well, political Islamists are political Islamists
ooga booga
No way turkey's passport power is that high up
Historically, Poland wasn't around much though
but i believe nations cant have foods,regions can have food
I mean our thing is also short but it is like an half an semester at most
Indeed it is interesting
After learning English, other languages like Germanic and Latin become too easy to learn but still hard enough that you have to try harder to maintain your knowledge
It literally means "that big city". Love the Norse simplicity
I love super far from the center, a very recently developed area and aparently I'm not using the most efficient provider but still, the cheapest you could get would be 80 liras
But they stay in europe as they have more civil liberties, make more money and they don't have to serve in the army.
I don't deny that there are similarities, but some people think we're identical or something.
If you're from Turkey, you just lay back
Here is a tip kid check the person who responding before soundling like an idiot.
It does translate as the "Patriotic Party" in English
Always in English
Çok da sikimde - It's very much on my dick (There is an irony here
Lots of vile bills are tabled all around the world
Hahaha is there any anti-russian sentiment there
No, I wouldn't want to worry about my life in case I happen to have a serious illness in the future
You think that's enormous
28 C is like a typical Summer day for me
One day while I was shopping at a store the owner and I got into a conversation and I told him I am from Turkey
Oh good, they haven't done the survey in Turkey.
I believe I can say it started after late 80’s generation to hang out with opposite gender as you described
however it really grinds my gears when google just dumps vikipedi links on my searches (since my turkish ip address)
They’re fine
Maybe we can be proud of our fertility rates nowadays?
> Serbian Nigger
We are all children of Atilla
Was down at the Irish pub today.
And criminalizing lying would be the first step towards a totalitarian society where everyone abides by the state's truth or is punished
I think this is almost a form of abuse, even though the people mean well.
Typically most Europeans only know baklava as a Turkish dessert but Chicken Breast Pudding is delicious too
i love the bunny paintings though
hope this helps fam
I have no idea how we've got here.
But I hope it will be a women
Can we expect Danish authorities to take the necessary measures or do we have a new pandemic in our hands now
I disagree, first even if one more party joined the parliament AKP wouldn't have a majority and secularist parties would have feared a second "28 February Incident" not to mention there were many DSP and ANAP and other such party supporters voting AKP for purely economic reasons which would take away votes from AKP and likely would put DYP,ANAP and MHP over the threshold
So I'd say that's a good choice
Karakter means charachter in Turkish lol
only mehmed conquered and won
He night end up creating a singularity.
They need support of majority armed kurdish population to start a civil war .
make
You can see so much climate types in here
Then I am sure if we all are grown enough to sign this agreement, we are grown enough to make unifying to happen
Civilian motor vehicles are not allowed on the islands
Calling Gulenists Islamists is fucking laughable and there was really no evidence that they did it
which has come out at second year of architecture studies where I was used being told what to do which made my worst semester of my education years and let me realise what I have been doing
If you want an English source about Kurdish electors in Turkey, Here it is;
They are all gone because we really needed more generic shopping malls with shitty glass coverage.
Here some media portrays him as the strong leader, some as a corrupted crook.
Teachers use Zoom as an alternative which is so much better
Back then, majority of shit he did, he did domestically, like telling a farmer who were shouting to him about how his mother was starving because of lack of jobs, which he answered by saying "Take your mother and get the fuck out of my face." which happened in 2006.
Some see Turkey as heaven, others as shit show
Now they have somebody to point at when the consumers grab their pitchforks
“Jakuzi” hot tub
Women of  great positions are always giving courage to millions
B) Not going to take a reply starting with 'Just No' seriously as an intellectually valid commentary on the proceedings
it ranks the 2nd by population
Don't remember the name of the place, but the one I had in Valencia was certainly one of the top 3 seafood pizzas I ever had.
Akşener will support and rally for İnce
>Same with people who believes there's a magic skydaddy who thinks it's wrong to masturbate or that women are of less worth than men
She has blond hair and fair complexion so people don't usually think that she is turk right away
Ve ayak
Each city or area has its own songs but these are known by nearly everyone
I’d stop that change
Just %15 of the populution have a fethish for incompetent Abdulhamit and you wrote him to your list but forgot these 3
Keep in mind that those are Erdogan's Islamist party and nationalist party-1 that "support" (by support I mean being ccp's dogs because they paid them), other parties like Kemalist party or nationalist party-2 condemn and try to inform people about this topic
But also keep in mind that Pfizer is not really a new brand in Turkey
Here is a higher quality image
I have to say, Stolpersteine is an amazing project.
We have been dealing with them since 2002.
However shitty diplomacy and retarded decisions in Syria lead to the current situation
About 5 or 6
If you wanna stand with them so much
For export, I didn't mean terrorism if you thought that
At least that was it, originally.
Turkey has 14 million Kurds who we live together happily
Those who study at state schools don't really have much chance to learn stuff :(
Poland builds as many churchs as possible , follows nationalistic policy and says everyone is against us
Also [Iskender kebap] is delicious.
the Netherlands: I love your architecture
And the media you consume does actually give a shit about Turkey.
Also, experience in crashing the Greek economy is a huge plus here
Haha nice job Turkey, keep it up
Not to mention Russia or Iran joining in.
Il a dit que pour les Français utuliser ce sub, vous avez besion de parler l'angles
We had it in Turkey
His great-grandchildren now own the business.
Gustav Klimmt was a right winger?
As long as the game has proper system to check if the person is adult or not and discloses the loot box rates publicly its fine tho
We don't have camels and don't like Arabic Culture that much in Turkey
There is nobody left to arm, they are all gone to Syria and became YPG, an organization that Turkey started war couple years ago and pushed from its borders again
I wish man but I am sure he isn't going to get elected next time but I am worried about who is going to get elected after him it could be worse
I thought so too
Other than it would be Italy for Turkey
election later this year, but it's a few months too early for that still.
We dont use both of them
Also Santa is from Demre, Antalya.
Kazanma ihtimali var hala amk
he is actually,nobody uses subjonctif in daily french
*Ottoman Empire intensifies*
We got our asses kicked a lot by them because our focus was in the West
They are the largest minority with 18 million people
Ow France
We VIEW them as brother
"Damn these kids being all friendly
Prdn
My beef as a Turk is why we never talk about the "Ethnic cleansing and genocides that occured during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire" and why the topic is always centered around putting Turks into a corner to admit the Armenian genocide
And they even give that in rude "take this generosity and leave, peasant" ways
I only saw such low temperatures(lowest I saw was -17°) in snowboarding trips, and despite dressing like an astronaut(thermal underwear, ski pants, two layers of coat) I felt very cold and looking at my phone was impossible, because my hands stopped being able to move ~30 seconds after removing my gloves
Preparing foe the long sleep
But we have a village in Istanbul made up of Polish people called Polonezköy/Polonez Köyü(Polish Village) or Adampol
But İstanbul wasn't a safe place due to WW1 and monarchy losing its authority at Ottoman Empire
The Russian controlled Kars and Erzurum provinces had overwhelmingly Turkish populations btw., so it still was defence of the homeland.
Using the Turkish flag in this graphic, and in general, assuming the Turkish Republic is the successor of the Ottoman Empire in every regard is historically incorrect
It can go the other direction too of course or we might even see some sort of civil war in the next elections if polarisation grows bigger
He yearns for a new enemy and a new source of agitation
Education is fucked up for everyone so get in line.
5" thick pizza _[can't breathe]_
Maybe 5 different major country invaded Anatolia and occupied/killed millions of people?
I wonder why they didn't wait for 2 more days to post it
It is entairly filled with PKK propaganda ofc he'll keep saying we're ISIS.
vw passat variant---which doesn't even qualify as large.
in fact pretty much all previous leaders had some sort of offensive nick name.
It was a very dark time
g r e e c e
Which ISP are you using
You have the most American post history ever.
I wouldn't expect Italy to have such an innocent result though
you may think im giving a biased answer but it really has historical merit to it
It was a black van with dark tinted windows and we joked that it was a CIA listening van
(And Inonu must also consider the chance of Nazis taking down Russia, so he cannot go full against Nazis.)
When my government goes from shooting down a Russian jet to being buttbuddies within a year, when US is both allied to us in NATO while funding groups considered enemies to Turkey; how can you claim realpolitik is dead?
They have not left it behind THEY WERE PURGED, THEY WERE FORCED TO LEAVE.
Sultan and among many things he was a very good poet
it for the last 4-5 days
Not only healthcare, I think the state should provide free public transportation, electricity, drinking water, internet access, 16 years of education, basic housing and basic income for consumables to every citizen.
You don’t see many people planning a trip there
Politicians are not as simple as they're seen from the civilian perspective.
The whole "Armenian thing" shows how invested and studied in the subject .
we are
There is a quote by Atatürk about the ANZACS which i find very nice: "Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives
Racism, mysogyny, anti-LGBT, these are what alt-right is.
That's not christmas eve (24th of December), but Epiphany (6th of January).
The name Bozcaada wasn't invented after Lausanne btw., it was used by the Ottomans even before a single Turk has set foot on the island.
I taught an MS Office course at a university for about 3 years
...what
Ottomans are fun in Vicky 2 because there is a lot to do and you are challenged in a lot of ways but have enough resources to come out stronger if you play well
foreign powers hold us back bla bla.
If the deal is off, why Turkey should spent extra resources on this matter?
So many years past since coup, but they are still all around in every high ranking position
Greek living outside of Greece are called Romans in Turkish.
You aren't close to Russia or known enemy states.
Our Sex ED was in Biology as well
i think greek flag is one of the nicest among the world "komşu"(neighbour)
Why do you have such an interest?
"So if there's a video posted online of a terrorist attack, and I were to write something like "Yay, I like this"; that's perfectly legal.
I mean it's not some distant past when some people on Earth thought Aryan race is superior to others
That’s how Ottomans solved it
You're welcome to boycott but any sort of open hostility from Europe just gives erdo more PR material, for his bs "taking on the world" image
Language transfer is great
I am living in Istanbul and Makkah(mainly Istanbul), at Istanbul everywhere is not walkable at night just some areas
Do you agree that Europe is "pussified"?
Any Turk who can read Arabic alphabet will see basic names like Avrupa, Bahr-ul Hint etc
Considering we lived under the same government (no, I do not consider the Ottoman Empire as Turks in the way modern Turkish people are) in the same geography, there clearly is a shared culture, not to mention our phenotypes being virtually identical
I disagree, such parliament is just one big distraction and an illusion of democracy
aren't you late to rake your forests ? Fuck off
Mostly people in rural areas speak in their dialect
Greece, Bulgaria, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Georgia
Thats how elections work, thats what makes democracy.
Either the Anatolian leopard or some kind of spider I forgot it's name but it's very deadly
This is to show that it is possible to do beautiful things even in 2018
Turkish Islamism is different from Arab Islamism.
The word peach sounds a lot like piç,which means bastard, in Turkish
I believe these known less than Abdulhamit
Do it and you will be crushed like the last time.
Aga (Lord/Master)
It seems that they are opening a hotline.
I'd personally prefer the weather in Sweden
Real European map, no Turkey, not a single soil of it, but half of russia, that's the logic we should all have
Germany shall pay for this
It started out good then eventually went over the edge much like certain salafists.
I refuse to believe someone is this stupid or inhumane in 21.
But of course you are entitled to like them and show them around
Austria
Like we're fighting against Russia in 3 wars and if they attack Ukraine it will be 4
Red is Erdoğan, Blue is secular votes, Purple is Kurdish votes with a bit
NATO is not an alliance of democratic countries.
If we don't immediately stop our fossil fuel usage it is going to have terrible effects for our future generations
also, 10% is too many
The closest answer you will get is this: I feel "Turkish" more than anything else
No point getting rid of erdoğan when, for example, a vast majority of principles at schools think like him.
[Here is Obama's brother wearing a MAGA hat] I guess Trump was right.
If it wasnt for Covid we would normally be on the streets and joining ameteur parades
Can you share the source of it
Modern day Turkish is richer hybrid language than Estonian with combinations of different languages and loan words.
In the districts with immigrant density, I believe
PKK doesn't have enought support from kurds .
Fair point, my apologies : )  thanks
My father is one of the Albanians that fled to Istanbul during Balkan Wars and when asked his nationality he says he's Turkish
You’re right, but if you want to fact check me, you can find many anti-Erdogan democratic pro western people bash Ahval news and refuse to work there
That's putting too much power to the individuals.
Otherwise, this whole system won’t do any good on its own
Edit: grammar
I would say about a year or two before the Gezi they started going completely apeshit.
Greece showed us our future if we join the EU.
Higher-ups in MHP are working with AKP while rest of the party are not and blaming Bahçeli for effectively ending MHP, and they are not wrong.
You might like it I supppose
Possibly Antalya or Muğla
Czech Republic
What about the Armenian propaganda machine
Some pathetic losers are trying to frame it on Turks, because civilians in Austrian streets spoke Turkish in a clip
-Süleyman Demirel, who served in 7 governments in various positions; he was the prime minister in one of them and also became the president later on (back when that position was purely symbolic)
Irrelevant, but why
But some Turkish nationalists are devout Muslims and conservative, some are more Turkic nationalists (some are far-right racists), some are ultra-nationalists, some Kemalists and military officers vote interchangeably between CHP and MHP.
Does the official opposition count?
Iceland being far away from everyone else is what I like about it, lol
Also, their europanized lisance plates looks horrible
İstanbul: Let's take the city of the world's desire, run it somewhat alright for a few centuries, then completely fuck it up with immigration, unplanned growth and chaos after the 60s. 17 million people with some who have never seen the sea even though the city is surrounded by sea on al sides
It's usually Arab tourists wearing that thing
[A comment for greater explanation
It's a nice pen
He put a sign on the store's door stating "We do not sell Israeli-made products in this store."
There is no difference between the Johnnies and the Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours ...
His main sentiment was "to take Turkey to the level of modern civilizations and above".
Ok I usually trust Der Spiegel's journalism but this is a stretch.
Any examples of any Turks claiming Homer was Turkic
Nope, newspapers fear the government here
This is what people fail to understand.
i don't visit it
Rack and Pinion
The sad thing is he puts the whole population in a miserable situation and people know they are in a shitty situation but he also gives them hope that there are better days to come and blames the shittines on the opposing parties and Gülen (who he befriended in the first place btw)
Must be true, considering it shows *Romania* as above us.
Yeah it was blocked for a while last year[And funnily it seems I'm not able to connect it now].
Mustio IT
Maybe someone feeling helpful can post it.
I watched a video about Turkish immigrants who are living in the UK and supporting Brexit
Those who are too conservative would probably disagree, though
\- Abdulhamit II (Currently became really well known because of Erdogan's love for him)
Moving out is only socially accepted when you get married or your parents are not old and can take care of themselves both physically and economically
Man wish I was paid to say shit on the internet.
He blame eu for our economies crush
Yenisöz – Batı Terör Örgütü çocuklara dadandı (Western Terrorist Organization has begun to pick on children) Referring to Western media’s publications on sexual orientation where children are the main topic
"Thank you for your comment, I will correct it
What would you feel if Turks in Germany wanted to leave Germany
However when it's referring to Bosnia or the ethnic cleansing of Turks from the Balkans, it's not ok.
I am curious, do you live in Turkey?
Welcome to Turkey where telling someone they are Armenian/Greek/Jewish is considered an insult.
I like todays flag the most
How can you support some bombings in Paris and not trigger hatespeech?
The "tension" is made up though, nothing will happen except some strongly worded letters and dogfights whenever pilots want some extra training.
Stalin: i have only two controllers
Looking at the prices of their medicine and shit like the opioid epidemic, why should anyone trust big pharma
Ottomans had few fairly competent sultans in 19th century, although they were unable to do much due to baggage that came with incompetence of Padishahs during 18th century/Janissary decadence, and lack of proper military tradition due to Janissaries recently being killed off en masse.
Please read something about the Purge of Turks (who've been living in those areas for centuries) out of Bulgaria in the late 80s and early 90s.
EU is dumber than I thought if they throw away the only leverage they have over Turkey purely because Erdogan's totalitarian policies.
"...believes neither in the possibility **nor the utility** of perpetual peace."
Yeah it looks like it's invented in 19th century.
In future they can replace fossil fuels, but the thing is we must do something NOW
Our head of state could use cooling off a little bit
There isn't a million russian citizens living in Netherlands who can vote for referandum and elections in Russia.
Look at the most fucked up parts of Middle East.
They are literally everywhere here
It should trigger anyone who is a rational human being
I can’t put my finger on what it is exactly but it’s something to do with nose + hair + skin tone for us but it makes it so easy to spot another Turk
and where are you from
Turkey does benefit from being part of the EU's customs union.
They hate Muslims and oppress minorities, unlike the Turk who is always fair and never an oppressor.
Its a very mixed bag
Maybe in the past, but the salute nowadays has nothing to do with fascism.
Please read my comment [here] to be less ignorant of the subject.
Also less alcohol and tobacco consumption compared to Europe though
Iran will just continue whatever they have been doing for years but will have their decision making take a hit for up to a year
Enough corrupt that you can get more jail time just to criticise government officials than actually killing people
Lol how does people like her call themselves journalist with a straight face is beyond me.
r/turkey is a political s-hole like r/europe
Central Anatolia is a fine example
Silivri is a district in Istanbul, famous for its prison
agreed
I didn't agree with you,I want to be a part of EU
İf someone asks you "Didn't you go there ?", no matter you say yes or no, you will be saying that you didn't go there so in order to avoid confusion, you have to reconstruct the entire sentence like: No/Yes, I didn't/did go there
It was long time ago
ISIS controlled wells are in central part mostly and Syrian oil is insignificant to what ISIS controls in Iraq anyway.
I wasn't talking abaout wars but yeah you're right
So you also want Turks alongside Syrians?
Definitely would be amazing
City: Too
All the islamist bomb and police/fascist attack risks, and women were still there.
Are there any studies into how?
It just felt weird and disgusting to me
~~Finally the entire country won't be sold to the Russians for cheap~~
Okay, Turkey are a Muslim country but it doesnt means we ride camels and speak arabic
But what about Corbyn
Edit: independence war is more than a revolt tho
are good examples to why Mustafa Kemal exchanged populations between Turkey and Greece.
Fewer kids who flame to your mom in online games.
The unsourced fake news are at it again
You need psychological help or at least meditation.
Then he immediately mentioned about us never recognizing their partition, and the guy actually played Civilization V Suleiman theme from the speakers in store
- I've never been to any religion related place, Ive never read Quran or Bible etc etc-
kurwaball
For people to compare, Renault clio 2020 cheapest 119
Authoritarian leaders always create false enemies, they never admit their fault
Richer areas like Levent
She compensates her ignorance with outrageous comments like that to gain publicity.
Misery, with occasional spills of suicide?
I'll keep this in mind
In the page, it says gözaltı, which means to be detain, not tutuklanmak, which means arrest.
I am just curious because
Same for me, but it doesn’t make me religious at all
Should be higher Germany is a big country with large population.
Even though they were the first Arabs rebelling us :)
You really are playing into German Humour stereotypes.
They're actually telling the truth.
And we ruled Balkans for so long that we basically share a very similar culture and feel East-European (or they feel like us to be more precise)
Mostly yes
Turkey(or rather, the Ottoman Empire) hosted a large number of Polish refugees escaping Tsarist and Prussian repression
In storytelling, just like english, many tenses can be used
I mean, it's not like the rest of Turkey locks women up in cages either.
Republic of Cyprus: Güney Kıbrıs Rum Yönetimi (Greek Administration of Southern Cyprus)
> They would say anything that is in their interest
Hollywood largely depicts life in big cities like LA or New York.
It's rather "what if I raped someone, how would that end up for me".
Are we said that Russia have a super democratic system?
Don't be sad bro
I just stated a fact not an opinion altough second part was but Greeks arent ready for facts
Attila (hungarian) i love this name because atilla is same name in hungarian and turkish
And probably start a new war in some 3rd world country and cause another migrant wave
* also denote the years of experience next to it if you could
I think the Turks in Holland are probably one of the worst Turkish Diasporas.
We have precedents, the Annan plan for example.
ahh yes, that famous scientist who invented kebab.
Are those Turkish ships on the horizon
He will flip to Russia and China.
I think most older people soften their accents but don't completely switch
Biggest nation without a country
France and Turkey(not really, ottoman empire) are some of the first countries to legalize homosexuality
google says you have 120k more
Lately it kinda sucks for secular people from Muslim countries in most of Europe.
**a/an** is more understandable, but **the** and **the difference between the and a/an** are mystery lol
I think the mistake a lot of Europeans make is associating Kemalism to a pro-militarist, or even jingoistic, foreign policy because the founder of the ideology was the leader of the Independence War
Please,Turkey doesn't want to join to EU anymore,I think all world has seen that how EU works,after Coronavirus Pandemic,your EU will collapse
Waaay Underrated
For what
Turks in reddit are either some 15 year-olds or hust dont know how to debate.
In 17, they can sell you alcohol in restaurants and 18 is the legal age
We have [alman pastası] (German cake) but it doesn't seem to be an actual German cake.
Cats are everywhere in Turkey but no one sees them as stray
Imagine countries with distinct Hittite and Lydian languages, identities and cultures later on, instead of the big bland blob of Greek dialects of the Byzantine era.
I can't believe Putin getting so much respect from various Western peoples sometimes
I don't get what he means by free all the Turks.
If no, i beg for someone to explain to me why is it for Kurds in case of another acknowledged terrorist organization which i lost friends to their attacks
Yeah, fair enough
Current Moroccan state is a direct successor to both Marinids and Alouites.
Is it because of prejudice or culture when it comes to Africans or people from the middle East ? Do you think someone from these countries who is completely integrated with the German culture and has the same mindset ,shares the same values  will be treated same as let's say a Japanese immigrant ?
And I guess "2e kamer" is the name of the Dutch Parliament
Turks 'invest' a lot in gold, a remnant of past high inflation.
Unlike alcohol though pork consumption is unheard of within Turkey.
Yeah, it's abnormaly cold in Turkey, too
Yep I said
But scissors
> So "Mahmudite" would probably be a good translation
"Turkey" and "Russia" may be enemies; but we, the people, really don't care for this hooplas of nationalist politics, that tries to divide us for the sake of their own pockets
There are also Medieval Anatolian epics like Dede Korkut and Köroğlu
They live in the fucking MIDDLE AGES there
They are not challenged by important things like you mentioned
When someone reads your comment he or she could think that some people in Turkey really belive Germany is still ruled by Nazis or something
But we are ruled by anti-science government so
Ülkedeki karışıklıktan dolayı seçimde net iyi bir liderin geçeceğini ise hiç sanmıyorum halk tamamen bloklaşmıştı. Darbe elbette iyi bir şey değildir ancak ülkedeki aşırı siyasi kutuplaşmanın bizi götüreceği yer daha da kötüdür. 80 darbesini ben de pek sevmem 80 anayasası aşırı katı idi çünkü ancak 60 darbesini canı gönülden desteklerim
They are our brothers, that is probably because they are Turks too, i am not that good with politics tho
I would add Architect Sinan to this list
Referandum.He is trying to create an enemy to gain votes.
Keep in mind that it is just a summary.
But in every language it would be Japanese
East parts due to terrorism
This above picture happens if that feature is disabled
> Serbia
* [Selimiye Mosque and its Social Complex] (2011)
Mediterranean is full of native white skinned blonde people as much as it is full of olive skinned black haired people
My phone's wallpaper is plain black
My mum knows 6-7 neighbours in our apartment which helped us or we helped them since we moved in
He only banned religous symbols for people who work in state instutes( in state instutes they were allowed to wear it in their private life) and it was the right choice(Except for imams,priest and other religous leaders and actors.They were allowed to wear them).
don't consider themselves to be Germans either.
The revolutionary ardour
Legalwise, Turkish women have comparable rights as the western women and it's probably best or nearly best in countries with predominantly Muslim population.
Latakia = Lazkiye
- "Disabled" or "homeless" beggars that actually work for organized crime syndicates - they're actually dropped off in public places every morning and driven back every evening by their "handlers". Usually they're neither homeless nor disabled in reality, or they'll have a kid or someone disabled by their side so that they can abuse and exploit them to guilt you into giving them money
Your ballot is totally generic, you stamp it in a cabin and throw it into the ballot box.
are you even somehow from turkey or live there?
None of these song are used by Akp Btw
So Cyprus is in Europe while having a 700km sea between it and mainland Europe, but a stair keeps Turkey out of Europe
English is nice but it would be better if it was french honestly
Huh, I never knew the British Empire controlled Oregon at one point.
According to TDK, it's Persian
It happened here too
Egyptians
For some reason all of tırreks love football and usually a fanatic
They often participate in combat excercises with Azerbaijani pilots
Same in Turkey
Asia is pretty big you know its the biggest continent and Hungarians dont realy consider us brothers anyways so no reason to consider them as our brothers
Keep dreaming
sometimes in turns sometimes all together
While our culture does have its flaws, we aren’t like the rest of the Middle East and you should be safe in most areas if you’re careful
65% think that women should obey their husbands
If they were attempting to make a cleansing, they'd to it in Southeastern towns, where majority are kurdish
There is an unknown number of krypto/hidden Armenians in the eastern provinces, who have converted to Islam and changed their identity to Kurds or Turks
-Everyone knows everyone this has advantages and disadvantages
>226 voted no
Don't forget the time when the Sultan (Osman II) was overthrown and tortured (and allegedly raped) to death for wanting to do army reforms
If the refugees cause pain to the Kurds, that would be an added advantage to Erdogan.
This is a quote from 2017, he was pissed because some cities and countries didn't allow him to give propaganda speeches in them
Relations are getting better everyday as i observe
Same, They fucked it up but current major is doing great to fix it
We are talking about individual communists and if they could be rewarded, not socialist states.
> People are not their leaders
Calling out bigotry is more risky and non-pc.
As I am born and raised in a European country and my parents have denounced their citizenship, we have zero connections with Turkey.
and you people contributing this propaganda which means you are helping terrorist who uses suicide bombers to kill civilians including children
That's because oil prices went up rather than monetary policy.
Never heard a negative comment about it
We all have done bad things
When used in a political context it always means Greece.
However the last 5 years have been some of the unsafest, unstable and "weak" governance years this country has seen the last 15 years yet they still vote for him.
“Counter-terrorism police reportedly say the shooting "appears to be a terrorist attack".
But I personally prefer green olives
It’s for the whole class to use but students don’t leave their personal stuff in it
Some bow out and sail in to the sunset, some collapse under the weight of their own idiocy
You forgot to mention they are a state propaganda channel
Eh, I enjoy Kadıköy more too
Paris for seeing the beauty
Jacob is Yakup, David is Davut and Michael is Mikail
“Fön” blow drying, “Fön Makinesi” hair dryer
I don't know much about Hungary's station, but the way leaders like that act isn't much different wherever you are in the world
Poland is alone :(
I do not think it is incapability of French people of understanding conversations in particular, but maybe because we are speaking Turkish and a Frenchman couldn't understand a Turkish conversation
Nutella and Sprite I get, but fish sticks?
Most of us hate him because he is a tyrant and he is making statements against our lifestyle and as a result make us feel threatened.
Second:
İnce and ms
In Turkey that's a definite yes, along with talking about your possessions (the high-end ones like houses, shops, investments etc)
at least with reperations
Never listen him
Terrorist attacks every week, our currency is worth jackshit right now, Erdogan is scaring off investors and our economy is getting worse.
In some regions woman are equal but this changes from region to region.So it has nothing to do with what you said.
you may think im giving a biased answer but it really has historical merit to it
And I will definitely be visiting Dzirlo’s cafe again
His original name was Michel, so eother Jewish or Christian.
Fantastic move
I bet if you were in my place, you would save the country.
Saying that even our most powerful ruler (or one of the most powerful ruler) did say that as the ruler of everything
Fortunately/unfortunately, as the economy gets worse, those dumbfucks change their minds
Reason it took me so long is that I was one of the first students to arrive and only one Portuguese that came exact same day who become a friend and start to hang out with them more
Don't worry though, I had taken some money with me.
Just not Turkey
Back in mid-2000s it was absolutely gorgeous
He practically controls the Central Bank and thinks his ideas on how to run an economy are more valid than actual economists' (he was originally an imam
How are we using this in daily life and in popular media
Actually same here with the Entente, but I think only ANZAC representatives come.
If that means you put semen in his coffee he's going to tell on you to Mutti, you guys
Last time I answered here, I was roasted by a Danish gentleman for not being a European, but I'm still going to answer anyway, to shed some insight, knowledge isn't bad.
Il a dit que pour les Français utuliser ce sub, vous avez besion de parler l'angles
We have a food called "[gözleme] which also mean observing
Turkey [is building] a double wall (concrete wall⏤street⏤barbed wire fence).
Turkish ocak literally means “stove, fireplace”, likely referring to the fact that January is a cold month, during which one spends a lot of time at home, in front of a fireplace.
Mustio IT
Speech 100
God please, at least protecc the queen 4 years more
They have zero focus on sociological topics, philosophy, etc.
r/accidentallythefirstreich
Edit: I just checked the textbook for the course from internet
Majority of those lands under Kurdistan are inhabited by ultra-conservative Turks.
OP forgot to mention that he intentionally editorialized the title.
What did you say about my agglutinative brother you snow German
> Boobs Village
We don't claim an entire oceans as ours.
We lived there for thousand year and came to anatolia in 1071 with Malazgirt war
Does it count
Doesn't feel right
Spain, the Spain of Europe
Damn, i thought you were remembering the soldiers died fighting against the Spanish
There’s been so many protests lately are you kidding me
In the army all privates are 11 years old mentally speaking.
In olden times we loved opium so much that we named a province after it and still use the name
Much like how it is in most other countries
We are getting similar with north korea, step by step
İmrenmek = to envy
lol nice fear mongering there pal.
I am also happy that we will play in Azerbaijan
Erdogan was caught on fucking tape stashing illegal money yet he didn't even had to stepdown or even apologize.
Turkey didn't do that this post is unsourced
Wish he lived to see a trial
My comment was an informative one.
It blows my mind how european languages have ton of dialects while Turkic languages maybe have 1 or 2
we still call roman to the greeks outside of the greece :D:
Just getting him self a get out of jail card
" is the translation from english to turkish
There was no snow in the city of the worlds desire either
Southern Turkey is less urban and modernized than Western Turkey and LGBT has always been frowned upon in Turkey even during Ataturk's time.
While having asked for something you want you sometimes say no though you want it
That sounds like an interesting conspiracy theory.
I guess my government doesn't care about potential backlash that might happen because of such antagonising statements and approaches to Austria, since such statements have been happening constantly for a while now.
well i can do nothing about it
But I also know "bad taste" isn't a prerequisite for being poor
Yes I actually discovered their Turkish course first when I was bored and decided to see how do people learn Turkish lol
Trust me Turkey is full of them.
Abdulhamid (most of the islamist leaders)
My initial plan is to put one per country it would be really crowded anyways because it won't be limited with Europe, but there will be a lot of replacements when I found better song from a country
Salo FI
I don't know, I wasn't previously affected because of my VPN, now it's a pain in the ass until I implement other solutions.
You can join them, they'll give you an ak47
Hmm I get it now
The problem caused from the translation
Sorry but it happened 15 years ago .
A. Fucking
Yes, indeed
Ah yes Armenia, Europe
Turkey doesn’t recognise or signed EEZ so what Turkey do looks acceptable for them
The party is pro-Russia, yet also pro-Communist, but also Kemalist, and yet also extremely Nationalist
It is truly a disaster and it should be incredibly bad to be in their shoes since no one wants them
Testifying to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Congress, Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, the top U.S. intelligence official, explicitly defined the YPG as the "PKK's militia force in Syria”.] Due to this situation Turkey considers both armed people under these names as Terrorist Organisation
Root is Kay(ski).kayak, kayik,kaymak,kaygan
What about communism
Sanctions would also mean that Turkey will open the Western borders to give refugees free passage and refuse to take them back.
The Iraqi are not toddlers, neither are the various factions of jihadists in Syria.
So real German expertise isn't in engineering or comedy, they're just really good at trolling the Brits.
Where can a foreigner watch it?
balti riik on parim koht пошел на хуй
I mean, I (and likely most of my generation) really, honestly cannot imagine a world where Greece and Turkey ends up in a military event outside of an unintended accident like a plane crashing or something that happens in Turkey that has nothing to do with Greece (like soldiers escaping the coup want asylum in Greece etc
Cold according to us Turks the rest of Europe is freezing for us
They are the ones who want you to say NO"
You got to do the rest of the poem too, you don't even have to change it:
Since you kill our people, behead them, torture them & call for destruction of Kurdish cities.
We had 3 subjects and one option to each as Math, Balanced and Literature
Everyone is talking about school trips to different countries while I never went to a school trip except a Stupid Forest and our Capital
It's history doesn't start with the Ottomans or Seljuks
Love from Turkey
He incorporates sufi music into electronic music pretty well
We don't have inferiority complex towards Europeans like you do.
shit i need to get me some gyros
He's feeding Erdogan with even more ammunition, but I can understand not wanting foreign campaigning in your country.
Lol not surprised
Is that coincidental
The app is actually really nice but they didn’t prepare enough for it
Not exactly Turkey but according to the wiki  The Ottomans were the first to create military bands
I guess the autonomous territorial unit of Gagauzia is also to claim independence in the case that Moldova's sovereign status change
29% of those think stoning is a justified punichment for adultry.
As for ballot countings, I plan to stand in my poll station and stare at the officials counting the votes
Also ancient Greek ruins like Ephesos are carefully preserved and among the most popular tourist attractions in Turkey.
Did you replied to the wrong person?
64% of MHP voters are against presidency and many AKP voters are also against it.Bahçeli is disliked by many MHP supporters(if he wasn't the leader of MHP MHP would have 15% of the votes ).Members wanted new election but he stoppes them and the coup happened so it waa forgotten.
**Mercan Dede** is one of the big stars of Turkish electronic music
Şehir, as a general term, remains cultural and social, not legal in Turkey.
Ottoman Empire would be present with a constuional monarchy and his balkan lands
**Kanka**: Shortening of *kankardeşi*, which means *bloodbrother*. We use it as "bro". Sometimes we type it as **knk**.
If it counts, the stereotype about Jewish people with money has never been my experience at all
I thought it was like American
Some others to mention: Istanbul toy museum, Koç Museum, Naval Museum in Beşiktaş, Archaeological museum in Antalya, Çorum Museum (for Hittite history)
Thank you Poland for being Erasmus Capital for Turkish students
Plenty of kemalists also believe that the US is funding PKK to destabilise Turkey and that the EU is using Turkey with empty promises.
[Look here] What's photographed is literally European soil but there is some butthurt Greek dude bitching about the post
I saw a video about it today lol
- a red marlboro please
Kuzey Kıbrıs Türk Cumhuriyeti = Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
Some parts of turkey are colder than some parts of scandinavia
It is true that lyrics have changed after Independence War but it doesn't mean that I am going to ignore one side because of it
(Are You Şeref)Şerefsiz misiniz
Turkish Rebuplic was founded in 1923 and when Reforms started many people rebeled.And Turkey lost a lot while trying to stop them(due to Shiekh Said rebellion Turkey gave up its claims for Mosul and Kirkuk).Because of that Turkey used a lot more force than needed.You are talking like Atatürk just said go and kill them but in realty local Kurdish tribes didn't want to lose their authority and didn't obeyed goverment's orders,stoped paying taxes.Governers complained and army came to suppres rebellion.They used a lot of force but loses because of rebellions damaged Turkey a lot and they didn't want it to happen again.
The Gulen institute donated crazy amount of money to hillary's campaign and Trump's advisers shown support for Turkey's request to extradite Fetullah Gulen.
I do not think it is incapability of French people of understanding conversations in particular, but maybe because we are speaking Turkish and a Frenchman couldn't understand a Turkish conversation
Thanks
Its really colorful, quite fun and a unique experience for the visiting kids (probably anyways)
The greedy constructors, costumers and also ideologies have too much power over architects
Why no Turkey
Being located in Middle East doesn't mean we live in sandy deserts and ride camels
We need to distribute stupidity equally among the world.
10/10 perfect
In Turkey, replace every "Christmas" with "New Year" and that's it
Its a big source for memes ofc
Well the publisher is based in Istanbul.
Mediterranean guys we are all gonna die
•Laicism
FOR A TOURIST I found Edinburgh more impressive
Kar means snow
•İzmir:Sea,nice food,modern people,multicultural heritage,beautiful girls
Armenia is europe but Istanbul is not, wtf
I can vouch that all information regarding the content of the emails are true.
The name ''Kağan'' they mis-pronounce it by writing Kaan''
I even missed the bus a couple of times because of waiting inside
For AKP, not sure about MPs, but Hido is president's advisor and I know of some other people within the party like the last head of youth org
Doppelte Staatsbürgerschaft used to be forbidden for Turkish citizens, it was allowed for EU member countries.
I mean the Northern Cyprus
I am not sure about it's reasonableness, however it's an example of the government censoring public institutions.
if its not against the rules , it wont be taken down
The only part I found difficult was remembering the past and past participles of every single verb.
” Cyprus is European by this definiton
Dont buy the sun
No, this isn't about Erdoğan's Lausanne rhetoric.
We have “mantı”.
I guess it's either something in the food or the soil.
If you sit on the cold surface, you'll become impotent.
This is how Ottoman map looked like before the conquest of İstanbul:
Legacy of colonialism
"Basically the same thing all over again but we're against ourselves this time"
Yeah I've been to batumi and this is not the best part of the city
Hopefully he doesn’t die
What my country does for renovation is they take historical good looking buildings and turn them into shitholes
Belgium has huge problems operating while essentially being 2 nations.
I really want to do this too
Their education level are compareable to those in germany or austria
There’s just so much variety to choose from
Lol sounds gangsta
I swear, I talked to this guy
They are Welsh
Hmmm
Imagine having to deal with trump supporters for the last 15 years...
Same can goes for Turkey as well
Standard method of transport between cities here.
This is incredibly sad holy fuck
And living with your parents even up to 35-40 is kinda acceptable here unfortunately due to economic reasons
On the contrary, it is very common and they're hung for national holidays
Oh so you admit that Turkish Cypriots faced similar hardships and massacres like armenains?
Yup and also he beat back the greek and their british and french masters, that's probably why the he's so salty.
Someone mentioned kebab
I wish we were as used to be
Same thing happened with Barbaros Sansal.
Which Germany is best Germany
An iPhone costs double the price in what it costs in USA with taxes
Well that's nice
Raulio IT
No connection with Turkish it is just zero, and also very hard to speak/think/build sentences (at least for me but I think for the other Turks the situation is same)
-: "your accent is weird, where exactly are you from
Balkan wars happened more than 100 years ago.These are just AKP trying to distract people to gain more votes(presidental referandum will happen soon).They aren't going to attack Greece or any other country but they will use these things.They are already moving most of their army to Syrian border.
There are probably many factions since voting is very individual and I cannot know why people vote for something but these are my experiences.
Danzig*
They are different words
The announcement of the military coup on state television
Lapio FI
Without information on where and how was sampled in many countries, 1000 could go from "plenty" to "hell no" real quick.
Let me get this straight: are you actually arguing that the line separating culture and religion is an imaginary one, and that one cannot come without the other?
Also tavuk pilav (chicken and buttered rice) with pickles is really good too
Sorry for my wrong choice of words.
Everyone perceives life through their filters and creates their own reality
[Üsküdar'a gider iken]
But some suffixes are shortened in all dialects (e.g. the future tense suffix) so those are always different in written Turkish
I haven't got sick since I stopped.
Holy shit how are we not at the top?
Another bullshit fake news about turkey
We are thiccc
Well, there are two issues with that:
news from armenian propaganda machine they really want to pull russia on their side but they dont know if russia join the party thinks get worse beucuse turkey iran and israel is allready in caucas if russia involve thats mean america involve too
On humanist base, I agree almost everything with your comment
Hell yes
great reformers as far as the economy goes
I know it sounds interesting
Or at least I have not found them
TLDR: We eat octopus in Turkey
That's a type of leftism I haven't seen for a long time.
“Sikimde değil” translates to “Not on my dick“ yet it means “I don’t care“. I suppose this is a slang but still you wouldn’t understand it
I know, but it’s an exception, not the rule
In Turkey I can print out my diploma from an app it's amazing lol and the banking system is more convenient
I don't have relatives in Germany
Ottomans also called it the sublime porte, in diplomatic documents
Turkey is a very nationalist country
[Alexander Kebab]
The party is pro-Russia, yet also pro-Communist, but also Kemalist, and yet also extremely Nationalist
You guys should do everything in your power to make them feel as uncomfortable and unwanted as possible.
It is in the centre of the country(close to all fronts).Also Ankara's population welcomed Turkish revolutionaries(Inculuding Ataturk) and supported indipendence war a lot and first Turkish(Not Ottoman) parliment was founded in Ankara.
Dude we were your archnemesis
Hell yes
Avio IT
to you compared what it does in Europe?
this is coming from me, a guy considered almost asocial in turkey
I think one of the main things uniting Turks is the Europeans reaction especially, Americans too but the Turkish-US relations went to shit years ago
Because I've seen this same kind of ignorance shown towards White looking, "wow you don't look Turkish" Turks
Democracy can not ensure 1 on 1 societal representation
idk but it has to
You are correct however it is KDP that holds the most power so in the end we can basically say Turkey is an ally of Iraqi Kurdistan otherwise Turkey also has several opposition parties that essentially make up half of the parliament that are not friend of say Suadi arabia.
I thought we owned it becaise we had our old reliable SA(Sabancı Company) symbol on it
If so, yeah, of course
Keep in mind that ottomans weren't doing that well themselves and we also have 0 relations with Ireland
Turkey tried to gather everyone under one cultural identity whether they liked it or not.
wha' a stupid cunt
(Do you lack Dignity
It tells about some of the reforms in education and bureocracy
I don’t want that kind of music in my future wedding if it ever happens, but I know I’ll make it so because otherwise my relatives would eat me alive
Just look at these dicks
not you making turkey a desert country
So they're mostly Turks living in the Netherlands?
Sorry my English is not good, did you use 'occupy' as a bad meaning
Turkey is the country with most arrested journalists
read the preparations part
Dutch towns look so pretty
Most of the peple born in those countries can be freacking delighted that they weren't born in some unknown shithole deep in Russia or India
At least we had Atatürk to finish what they had started, which was great while it lasted, but then Islamization took over.
On freedom of speech:
She will write a paper about architecture of Mediterrenean towns/cities and have to choose a few to travel and inspect.
We’re all used to seeing them in photos with formal clothes and serious faces
Also he openly talked about dangers of Fascism and Nazism.
Just simply googling it would tell you that.
Thats also sweet
P.S: it's said that this terrorist joined a fight in Chechnya and also he's been arrested in Netherlands due to Isis connections but released after a while
There is nothing to be proud of in WW2, other than the brave Germans and other people that stood up to the Nazis.
As far as I know, they're the non-Turkish sort of muslim communities in Bulgaria
There are many examples like this
We *could* name at least three groups of people who are offensively cheap with money, they are not one of them
Pasta:
We are more European than UK
Maybe throw in a Turkish cat and she lives in the maiden's tower
(Europe is collapsed,their money is worthless,no etcihal values,etc
When I was a child, I closed down the bank customer service software (that shouldn't be able to be closed) in their computer by using task manager and played Pinball and minesweeper
It should trigger anyone who is a rational human being
Haklısın. Bizim millet akıllanmaz
We’ve been to monuments for both sides
No they are not
You're cutting the artery that directly goes to the head.
**"Ankara'nın Bağları" and "Erik Dalı Gevrektir"**
When it is harvested, we get our share as well and this is how the day ends
Turkey is not portrayed much in movies, either because what we hold dear as cultural high points, things you'd expect moviemakers to make a great movie out of, are/can be vastly different from west's standards
So, now I that time is reduced to 1
Irrelevant, but why
You don't need to look back that far.
I heard some countries have that.For example it's illegal to sell alcoholic drinks after 10pm in my country.
That’s the reason of his flex
This happened in Turkey before, where IS targeted civilians
Pensala FI
Champ de Mars
>145 comments
One day you are fighting Eastasia and the other day you are fighting Eurasia, if you know what I mean
Düşmek (Düşmək in Az
0_o
"Misleading"
If it is the latter, what are some relatively painless ways of dying
They claim that there's nothing wrong with the country and would like to label everybody who oppose them as "traitor to the country".
It's such a small thing but would make a great difference if every country did it properly
[American Defense Secretary Ashton Carter confirmed "substantial ties" between the PYD/YPG and the PKK
Army: what could go wrong
yeah no wonder the kids freaked out.
This may sound weird but youtube channel Kraut which is an Austrian youtube channel made a  [3 part serie for history of Turkey in English (I linked the first video)] This semi documentary starts from Central Asian Turks to Erdoğan
Yeah same story with Turkish too
A Turk that does not eat yogurt/drink ayran(drink made of yogurt)
I disagree it's required to be clarified
Yeap said by Loukas Notaras a high ranking bureaucrat.
Maybe you understand me wrong
Even tough it was local elections it still had really big impact on Turkish politics
Growing up halfway in Germany, I'm aware that Germany doesn't really distinguish between the two.
No, you are [kafir] and [gawur] /s
I said mosque because It was once used as a mosque and the architecture remained.
You all mf'ers be thankful you dont know Turkish.
Fascists love Erdoğan, he won't touch them.
The child in the left made me laugh
Question to Greece: What does your leading party think of our leading party
org: Complaint
We don't have word for places that is not capital tho (Ankara)
Macron being the face of Anti-American imperialism
>With what looks like English girls
Add the numbers, you get: 11
Land belongs to those who can hold it.
So exactly like Turkish TV in general.
Majority are expecting an economical crisis/market crash and government has virtually no idea how to combat this.
I though the talks was already stopped.
But in reality we racially resemble Southern and Balkan Europeans much more than most Western people stereotype us to be
It is a tradition to drink Turkish coffee after meals, so it makes sense
Europe supports separatist movements in China but still they have colonies lol
Biden got 4 million more votes, but in some states if around 20 thousand people voted differently, Trump would be president again thanks to electoral college
As you can see, it's a generic name for multiple dishes, like pasta or stew, not a specific dish.
Good choice buy maybe after this pandemic would be better
If you actually believe all 28 Nations would declare war on Turkey, then Turkey will call all Muslims on a war against Europe as well.
A large part of the Turks thinks that the west is trying to keep us weak and to divide us.
Legal guardians are required by law to provide for their children
At least it basically turned into world's most unique election campaign
We call them "noktalı harfler" which means "dotted letters or letters with dots" so "Ü would be dotted U" so we see them as similar letters even tought they sound really different
You'd rarely encounter someone who identifies as just European or Asian
Refugee harbor country next door
Rome
You pay it to the government's account in bank but before you have to file a report
it is cute that you think that's high number of rebellions someone doesn't know his history.
> We can see with our own eyes how the conflict in Armenia is unraveling
I'm from Istanbul and completely OK with that.
It makes sense for Norway since you guys are surrounded by our nato allies
So they should be on such maps
While Armenian deaths is also a big factor even if you exclude them it would still be above 10%
We arw all citizens of this country mo matter our ethnic background from Turk to Kurd laze to zaza we are all Turkish
Single look at your comment history show that you spend your time on reddit mostly(
The assumption of what country to compare it to is so implicit that nobody even really consciously thinks about it — Turkey’s cohort comparisons lies in its west, even for its most conservative citizens
Nice
US, Russia, UK, France, Canada, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates etc, it's basically a free-for-all battle royale territory at this point
They are not strays, they are community *members* that we like to take care of
Özür dilerim but wtf
We have 2 kinds of sarma, the one served hot that has meat and rice (etli), and the one served cold with olive oil and rice and nuts (zeytinyağlı).
It is critical for Turkey because nobody wants to enter Arab Country’s Shit Hole to be honest in Turkey
It kinda does look like something spilled.
PS: Most of European languages are classfied as Indo-European
Whether or not sarma/dolma has meat
Actually it's not true, WWI was much worse.
I think with the older people, change will be more dramatic.
I'll hide in my survivalist shelter deep in the woods just in case
I wish i had "feelings" about speaking also
If for one second we stopped being such babies we would both sit down on the table reach to an agreement and be done with it.
Didn't know I was upper class, too.
There are other forms of manipulation as well
Yes, foreign accents are mostly considered normal and acceptable but local or native Turkish accents are seemed informal and a sign of lack of education
If Erdo once again tries something as cheap as that cat and transformer stuff, I can only hope that Turkish people are not stupid enough to buy that
* "They took the women they raped to the ward with their bloody skirts
I can never do much with these surveys.
I can’t wait for that scum bag to be yeeted out of the politics
In Turkish we have the “German Way” of paying the bill
etc
Is Julian Assange a traitor
Totally agree about GDP, Turkish GDP is increasing but it's totally because things got way more expensive
Both, and of some others too, but the main person behind these plans vas Davutoğlu.
Look at all the places where cocks will be drawn
If they speak English, it's a tourist trap
Turkmen: It's very close and I can understand it pretty well written, spoken it's a little harder
the land now called Greece had more Slavic speaking Christians in Ottoman Times and the Slavic speaking countries had more Greek speaking Christians in Ottoman Times than they do now
LOL what's the point of acting like Trump is the only guy who wants war
Today gave information in mosques for not to come in Turkish which it considers as Call of Prayer
Better than seeing them on top
It will stay until something better will come
yep literally the biggest reason i was hoping he would win
unaccurate as usual
is this a kind of modern art
We dont use both of them
But why not saving some of it for their school expenses when they are old enough to go
Thank you for enlightmenting
They even say "haçan" while talking
OTTOMAN empire
Genetically - or however you wanna look at it - the amount of Turkic people is very marginal.
Informal way (Formal is boring)
Maybe France needs heavier tanks, maybe Italians need lighter tanks.
We should not care even if someone is worshipping flying spaghetti monster and wants to decorate a tree with meatballs and marinara.
Wow our army must be shit quality.
Whether a people is cruel or oppressed, the right to self-determination cannot be usurped
They are all private and require tuition.
On the other hand some people love it and live there  in spite of all issues or they are dreaming to live there
Each city has its own dialect, Each district in each city has its own dialect
This isn't about Erdogan, I hate him yet still support the operation - opposition parties support it as well, it's a matter of national security for us, not politics
Yaz - summer, write
Are you kidding me
Traffic
I try to avoid public transport during rush hour and part of the reason that I did not travel to İstanbul for New Years was fear of an attack.
You made me curious to search about Finland :)
That its agglutinative language
As a Turk, I can relate to the frustration Portuguese people are going to feel at this comment
Interesting how Döner had become the late night food in the non-mediterranean Europe
MPs in Turkey do not have immunity
There is Cengiz (Ghengis) although he’s a Mongolian ruler, it’s also a Turkish name
Now it has changed and there're also a lot of brains migrating
Merely different selection out of the alphabet soup.
Erdoğan and AKP needs and enemy for a time and they are creating one.I don't know what he meant by Europe's spoiled child(Greece or the minister but he didn't say the things in the title that are in quaotes.That is actually why i translated it people change things and share it for yellow journalism).
What I wonder: Did the Turkish population switch to secularism during the time of Atatürk, and now back again, or was that just a phenomenon of government and the urban elites, and most of the population stayed the same all throughout?
What do you think this is 1300s or something
Horny irish ppl
[Population Density Map]
What's next
Cultural exchange can only bring positives
A father wanted to investigate his daughters murder
*Yabanjin* in Japanese means stranger, perhaps with wild qualities
There are already 6-8 million Syrians Turkey
Old complains time to time how they did things different than when they were in our age
Our only historical interaction was fighting against each other in Gallipoli
You think that any Turk on earth deserve to get killed and beaten because the Turks are blood-thirsty barbarians right ? Is this because you've been educated with the one-sighted genocide, war crime stories which made up by propaganda lobbies and never ever given a thought to search the history, facts, to see any truth
Aside from the longer and curly hair that is the look I assume as "Ottoman".
Strange that it's in Latin, if you are going to go to the effort of having special fabric made just for you why not have a little national pride and use your own damn alphabet.
Not more of it
About time that someone did something.
Yes, yes Ay Carmela
It is killing me softly but what can i do :)  When I leave the city for summer break i miss it by  1 month
No reason for it other than fulfilling Erdogan's power fantasy, and I'm pretty sure he wants it to be his tomb
Même si elles sont toutes très loin d'être facile pour moi
Both are very popular but I've seen black more than green
Sincap
You kiss people whom you like/love.
Kurds suffered most from it because they were entirely disconnected from Urban areas of Turkey, completely isolated due the region's geographic position and then heavily persecuted for it.
We were financially independent even at that age so of course we paid them some rent money
You mean the law after certain time it's not allowed to sell alcohol in any shops?
[Kırmızılı Kadın. -Woman in Red
Junta wasn't paranoid they, the terror was real in eastern proviences (I have lived there about 5 years, even a lot of kurds, despite hating military, support the coup because of terrorism *again*)
Besides, our government can't maintain good relations for longer than five seconds anyway...
That's a pretty interesting protest, i was really amazed when i first heard about the singing revolution
Russia only stepped in after Turkey attacked Assad's forces, not the YPG
There was literally another incident on this subreddit yesterday:
Chill.Just because my ancestors did something terrible doesn't mean i do same.And i don't understand the hate just because i was born here like i had a choice?
My dad was so affected by some of them when I was a kid that he would talk about them nonstop
They don't even terrorize their state, yet they're met with violence and discrimination.
Yup , in 2015 , he lost his popularity because of the economic problems but now there is a huge terrorism problem and it helps him a lot .
it doesn't work for me
It's an independence war at every sense of the word.
Ottomans apperently helped Ireland with the famine which became known in Turkey recently thanks to some youtube videos
they will lose their reason d'etre.
Nope, newspapers fear the government here
I knew about the coup and the operation but i never realized both coups happened on the same day.I just wanted to share it since i didn't see any post about it(Purges in Turkey after the coup and Cyprus talks are happening right now so an interesting information maybe?)
There were weird stuff sure but as far as I've seeb it was mostly "fuck it lets fry it all I'm sure it'll taste nice".
That makes it third blatantly wrong point among three points you tried to make about Turkish political history.
Bad decision
My language actually very simple me according
isn’t 6th grade too early
r/Europe needs a monthly thread to unload their hatred for us, I understand.
Ankara makes decisions government is there
your suggestion isn't great aswell.
56 (sjsjsjsjsj) upload
I hate him and his idols too
Such best girls
With the standards like these, I don't think any nation would have any "purebreeds" they imagine.
I'm personally so sick and tired of arguing with right wing populist idiots in my country for the last 15 years I mostly just say fuck off and keep walking.
AKP can turn to a communists party if you told them there is a vote potential (they actually claimed Erdoğan is a socialist).They will try to milk this as much as they can to get more votes.
Just kidding, great work
Wow Belarus please succeed at what we failed to do, I just need to see a protest not fail in my lifetime
Because it was literally the only way to defeat AKP.
With the humans in first place with a very large margin, third place is shared by ticks, boars, bears and wolves, all of which are challenged by [the kangal dog] as the fiercest non-human animal in Turkey
I have a feeling that he's known better abroad than inland
Let's cover it up with giant machinery
There are more Pomaks in Turkey than Bulgaria
Hmm
Sometimes in specialized materials such as history books/magazines etc
"Come up with that on your own did you?
A mixture of ancient Anatolians, Slavs from the Balkans and Ruthenia, Greeks, Armenians, Iranians, Arabs and other Middle Easterns, Levantine Latins, Iberians and Jews that came from Granada, Africans that came after the N.
20 Turkish Liras
He's going to use his infrastructure projects card, his Terrorism card and he is going to play very dirty
he is probably talking about the voter base of mhp, not the current leadership who licks erodagan's ass to get rid off the opposition within mhp.
Kurd good
I can show you thousends of photographs which like that but Turkish father cries over his sons grave whitch killed by enosis "greek terrorist organization which aimed to asimilate Turks and be unite with greece" this operation triggered by increase of this kind of attack to Turkish villages, and ıts an operation which aimed to end this attacks and end both sides casualties
It's like "put me in a fridge and throw the fridge into a freezer" kind of hot
We have here too and it's exactly like how you described
And still waiting a not proven flair
But recently Erdogan's government decided to no longer allow Uyghur refugees to turkey and considering even resend those who came
By keeping everything everything vague, creation of an alternative reality that most of the nation can believe in becomes easier
The greedy constructors, costumers and also ideologies have too much power over architects
I just don't see how some people can get 5 hours of sleep and still function the next day.
i don't have any statistics or information about this but my dad has tourism agency and i've seen thousands of people from europe come to turkey for medical operations (including plastic surgery).
If yes, are they usually English or Highlander or Irish?
He's just like one of those rioters in Rotterdam, an evangelical conservative idiot.
ankara: kickass mayor
I believe it varies depending on the region, but I know it applies for South Western dialects
I think it’s important to them that we don’t join but having good relations with EU is important
Also it's funny how you can see where Kalmyks and Tatars live.
I'm a Turkish atheist so I probably had way worse experiences than Europeans regarding Muslims.
We call it Hollanda
It comes from the First Turkic Khaganate
Are we going to call all the time between Eastern Han and short lived Sui a interregnum?
So perhaps you are correct about water not actively trying to kill you, but I wouldn't bet on it, what with global warming.
FFS the world is going to change, ecosystems are going to be destroyed.
The first picture (a soldier stabbing a guy who is in an unusual clothing) refers to Turkish victory in [Greco-Turkish war]–1922)
Try to practice pronounciation with someone speaking the standarized Turkish by the way
Well some people might not like that
Ah, in Turkish we use it for someone who doesn't deserves to be there
The regular hood gang tends to be composed of second or third generation immigrants that fail at life and turn to crime.
Ottoman
I can't think about alternative history right now, it would be fiction and waste of time.
Here in Turkey we only announce the number of SICK people, who show symptomes and has positive result
The EU's Chamberlain Moment with Erdoğan lasted an entire decade when they hailed him a model Muslim democrat and a reformer.
Atatürk probably
Turkey has the world's highest density of archaeological sites per area, world's oldest temple in Göbeklitepe (though an older one has recently been found nearby) and 2 of the 7 wonders of the ancient world
onlarınki (the thing that's theirs) ≠ onların ki (it's theirs, though)
They have an obvious power in northern iraq and syria but as i say not close to independence in my country
The Vatican really should be in Poland
I am considered to live close to my school but even that takes at least 45 minutes to go to with public transportation
my country at 154 : ...
I quite like Turkeys to be honest
Despite what the party leader might say, MHP is heavily fractured with majority being No voters.
When you didn’t finish the plate, she would say “It will cry behind your back” which is makes you kind of sad when you are 5 hears old and you finish it just to not make food cry
We don't have suburbs
For example "Ç" is the sound you make when pronouncing "Ch". It already exists in your language, we just have another way of writing it down
**Menemen may be made with onions, but the addition of onions is often debated and is more common when menemen is eaten as a main dish, rather than at breakfast
This is Hellception
I'm grateful to be a South European
#AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
There is a little racism issue towards arabians specially syrians
In free market, nobody cares who you are hiring
Maybe other immigrant groups are more represented in CHP and you extend that to Bosniaks, but I've never heard of a single one in there
In here we have something like that but they are just after your money and it's actually legal somehow
If Turkey becomes a long-term partner of Russia, Aegean Sea will be next South China Sea, and you wouldn't like it.
Joyeux Noël et bonne année
It gets even more sad when you learn that every teen adult is working real hard to get the hell out of Turkey
Millions of Iranian refugees go to Iraq / turkey / Pakistan (Iran has 4x population of Syria), with none of the countries having resources to take any
G20 is not a "countries we like club".
Agreed
If it would've come from Americans, okay.
What about God
Beşiktaş, Kadıköy, Üsküdar all amazing towns
I feel like Asian and European in the same time
Turkish oil wrestling - a local traditional national sport that has been around for centuries
Marriage is unfortunately not legal yet
Lol öl means die in Turkish
The breeze coming from the sea feels so nice
You’re confusing “continental Europe” and “Europe”. For example, countries such as Bosnia and Kosovo are in Europe, continentally
At] the first,they were testing teens generally,(approximately like %90)
although ill be affected i wanna see how our govt reacts if we get sanctions, go towards china
And even ours is worse
This saddens me that how much we’ve come changed to different direction
” Which often times doesn’t have to be a lie
All ride share apps are banned, it’s either a taxi or public transport
Hope so, man
Only in Beyoğlu you are able to leave a lgbt bar at 4-5 am with your friends to walk in a crowded İstiklal filled with *all* kinds of people, so that you can get some ıslak burger
Some of our local accounting softwares were only working on Windows XP for too long up until recent years
Explosion reported in İzmir/Turkey near courthouse
Military personnel, strategists, politicians in Turkey, Greece, EU and UN know that this will never escalate to an actual conflict.
I’m pretty sure the third one is some drunk Scot swearing at my mom
At least he didn't sell our internet rights to some cable company
RIP
It might be true, but I'm sure that there are some laws that protect the kid's healthy
This entire region is master of whining and accusing others instead of taking responsibility and discussing solutions
I just stated a fact not an opinion altough second part was but Greeks arent ready for facts
It's really tasty
It's not any more offensive than anythin, just a name.
Again, I am simply a tourist who visited the two cities
Rule 2: Do not say I am bored
There's a great journalist, Hrant Dink, who summed it up best in my opinion
They can just play the victim card even more and the opposition is also critical of the bannings.
Like, Gökhan(khan of the sky) Atahan(Forefather khan) and stuff like that
Sınce then we cant use wikipedia here
The biggest flaw of this forum is how reactive people are solely to a tiny little square of pixels and not towards the content of the author's writings.
Whole country is still chuckling about this
Today is the children's day in Turkey
No it is not
How is a third generation immigrant is not citizen by birth already?
And by that way we can lose our last ally in the Eastern Mediterranian
You can just research it
That's so beautiful
* **Çeki** - 226 kilograms
A. Desert
Musa Kart, the caricaturist who drew him as a cat is now in jail.
Plus everyone and their dog has been conscripted at some point so...
Çekiç (pronounced "chekich") Bad ass
Oh I personally believe there is at least a group of immigrants who consciously refuse to integrate, which is quite difficult for me to understand
Bologna process was a huge step
And its the only thing that really scares me about living here.
You learn something everyday
We couldnt handle with another migration wave
Damn terrorism
The only reason he managed to remain for so long is that he really managed to use Goebbels tactics to the bit .
Not in Turkey, lol
`, ` what is she doing there this late
At this point, it seems you will just disregard any evidence I post
Other than that I guess it's pretty obvious that Istanbul got some 'underground'.
All I know is that Sweden was involved(and its King died on the battlefield), and that
Muslim majority*
Even at nights
He has fallen into the trap Erdoğan set up for him, in my opinion
But ı know that playing the game as Turkey is my mission
I've never understood the splash thing, so you get a drop or two of water on your butt once in a blue moon, so what, it's just water and you will have to clean your bum anyway.
If you even thought for a second before writing this you would realize that doing those would cause Erdogan to use every single way he has to fuel the illegal immigration to EU and he already showed that he's pretty good at it and your EU has no reliable way to stop it.
>Karadağ - Literal translation from English (or Italian)
γεια!
The most not-national national dish i have ever seen
You can't answer negative questions with yes/no
It is easier to patrol the shore and the sea and take the refugees back.
These things are problem for all Turks not just Greeks.
Recognising and cooperating more with the republic of china is definitely something i'd support
Just because he called Macron an embecile (which he is) and reminded us that we can boycott France doesn't sound violence to me
The name is pretty self explanatory imo :)
A murderer can't blame other people for murdering.
At least where I am from
What would you want us to do
First talks starts about becoming adult and puberty around 7th or 8th grade
It wouldn't be concentration camp but you'll get arrested, state officers from your family and you can get fired and so on.
\- Sir, we don't have any more land
And they treat tacos as some luxury food so they're expensive as hell
You will betray your alliance because of oppression that occurred several hundred years ago?
We suck at foreign language education
I think it's also kind of a sad reminder that we're all more alike than different and all crazy mixed, even after population exhanges after WW1
"Damn these kids being all friendly
My ancestors invaded Balkans for this.
It’s also not independence war but liberation war which is very minor mistake but a lot of our historians try to fix this for a long time including Halil Inalcık himself but west seems to no give a fuck
There are some different pronunciations from a minority of people, but most of the population will pronounce the same
If there isn't foam, it can't be named coffee.
Louis Braille invented the braille
isnt a proxy war 2 states supporting opposing sides in a rebellion
(not pussy ass football these germans, italians, and french try to pass around)
My hair was very long until August and every male i know (except my dad) was ok with it
Turkey refers to itself as the "anayurt" (like the Russian motherland, unlike the German fatherland) so it's usually referred as feminine in languages with artikels.
About 300 people died
yeah, but when the ottomans collapsed literally everyone decided to invade anatolia, and we kicked them out in the war of independence, abolished the sultanate, and declared a republic
In Turkey, we don't like religion in schools.
You can verify all of this with a quick google search
And we won't ever have to get to that point because France and the EU have rule of law.
They do, people still think Turkey is an islamic country and cant handle the thruth that people can be non-muslim
First seen here
This isn’t entirely true but it mainly is like that
Yeah just added that a few minutes ago
it's impossible to talk sense to erdogan supporters.
We love animals
Hell, even the world for high school is “lise”, which might be familiar
Let me explain:
Rome is an amazing city, it's great that it has managed to preserve its historical texture
And religion doesn't tip the scales
How dare my favorite medieval empire get defeated by another medieval empire, surely this must reflect on my opinion on internet arguments
So it goes another level, there are crypto jewish heretics behind the Jews behind everything.
The visa costs are too high though, a shame Turkish daily visa exception was removed.
In the US embassy I just went through a 20 seconds interview and bam 10 years visa.
This is urban hell
And a country's military doesn't really matter by itself this day and age.
And Turkey is still not Europe :/
He will ban anyone from hotbeds of terrorism, this may include parts of Europe and may exclude parts of the Muslim world.
", "Other countries are jealous of us
"Seyit Onbaşı" lifting an artillery shell
Not
Şanlıurfa=Glorious Urfa
We are just a hell of a weird country on that sense, but considering our geographical location it makes sense
Today gave information in mosques for not to come in Turkish which it considers as Call of Prayer
though when you rank up to more senior positions this becomes not the case anymore
They are recognized as terrorists by several NATO nations including the United States
There was [this video] that I had watched
Tripe Soup is delicious with garlic, pepper and vinegar
In Turkey:
Istanbul is economically, historically and with population it is like second capital
Ours 'tried' to do a coup, when will yours 'try' a coup
I don’t know if I’m excited or terrified by the thought of that
Turkey preferred the population swap and it was smoother than you think.
And it's also instinctual in men.
I dont know how you run things in your corner of Denmark but in civilized Europe elections are free and the terms are the same for everyone else.
Muslim version of the name Alexander is Iskender, and it is still used.
who tf uses facebook in 2020 anyway
Dawn with the Red
The CIA had no early warning or anything.
8 hours this post stood up and its from a very obvious agenda pushing account that's supposedly against r/europe's rules
[A Ballad for Chanakkale with English Subtitle]
Ups typo.*Moon moon prison charges.
Wait until you see ours
But two wrongs dont make a right.
It's not about being bombed or attacked.
*Winged Hussar Noises*
They call themselves Great Britian , but even they are scared of the might of Albania
They even had a factory at a very prime location right next to the Bosphorus in Istanbul
The Republic of Turkey is the home of racism and fascism btw kemalism
We just have his tomb
Your president is not stoping
>''Erdogan: The important thing is to keep such a region under control and to work in a controlled way, and Arabs should live in this region because the Kurds are not suitable for living in this geography
> Anyway what I am saying is whrn the identification is natural its okay, but not when its enforced by others other countries trying to change our identities for their own gains
He always rigs the elections, if he were to lose he just says that the opposition cheated and makes another election
It has a bitter taste and It's most of the time consumed with fish
You are correct ofc but we know moralism only goes so far otherwise western countries wouldn't keep dealing with Suadi Arabia.
I guess since the Japanese are more advanced than us, they're also more European huh?
Well, technically it's just Eurasia anyway
You could pronounce "yarın" as in tomorrow and everyone can write it down
Regardless, no one but the extreme nationalists in Turkey have any claims of dominion over TRNC today, most just see them as a young state that needs guidance and protection.
To enhance the sarcasm of the comment, i could have said kebab country as well but I didn't
Erdoğan
There are hundreds of interpretations.
I guess just saying it is common culture for both of our countries is the best option lol
Israel killed Turkish charity workers on an aid ship, we’re still bitter about that haha
isn’t 6th grade too early
Maybe you should check stuff out like I do before commeting huh?
Well fuck me Not sure luck or actual divine interference...
The truth is America kind of sucks
Istanbul was the capital of the Ottoman empire and for years a rumour has been going around that Erdoğan wants to move the capital.
Pros: Nice culture, heavenly cuisine, magnificent country, beautiful nature and natural wonders
They are reporting at least 35 casualties and 40 wounded with more hostages still..
Then again, we were using glühwein from a tetrapack, so maybe that was the problem.
Much love Hellas <3
is just messed up (just like my own government).
Example:
No i told you why TAK wouldn't fight like that if they had similar chances.TAK is known to target civilians and it gets support from racist people because of that.Their goal is similiar to other organizations but they don't care if it benefitd anyone they just want people to suffer(which is what they said).
Another purpose of these operations was ethnic cleansing
We should put Norway next to Japan so they can terrify each other with their respective sea food dishes
You just triggered my inner Kuva-yi Milliye (Ya istiklal ya ölüm!
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
Germany is not relevant except ww1 and studying Turkish history won't reveal much about neither germany nor uk
Taking into consideration that, European influence in Ottoman and Turkish times are mostly via French language
I don't understand how kebabs and baklava somehow became the face of Turkish cuisine because I eat those maybe 5 times a year in total and most people can't even afford red meat
It's sad :(
Those letters are clearly needed yet not official
-mış will be used for topics one does not fully comprehend
The name is pretty self explanatory imo :)
You have to cook it as slow as possible.
Turns our neighbours against us
People say that if you insult Erdogan or talk against him you might get a knock on the door by the Turkish police (more like gestapo amirite?), but fuck that shit, Erdogan is a massive cunt and he n
Besides, playing in English allows you to learn words or phrases you might have never heard of before
Everyone saw that attack on the capitol
Right, I’ll tell you what, you fat little cunt, you’re borin’ you don’t sound Nigerian at all so go fuck yourself… GO AND FUCKING CRAWL IN A DIRTY DANK LITTLE HOLE WHERE YOU FUCKING COME FROM, YOU DIRTY DRAGON EATIN’ LITTLE FUCKING SPASTIC.
41% at 7th of july and(Between these 2 elections Erdogan threatened people,terror increased and opposition didn't form a goverment despite call from people so the support for AKP increased)49,5% at 1st of november.49,5% is not even majority.
Although the coup helped political Islamism
There will be a lot of outrage and anger if Erdoğan wins, but I don't think there will be a civil war or whatsoever.
Poland deserves better
Politics isn't that simple
There is no powerful clergy class that can determine believers fate, no intermediary between man and God, no international institution that appoints priests or make decisions, and no head of religion sitting in Mecca.
While having asked for something you want you sometimes say no though you want it
What happens in Greek parliament has affects outside Greece.
NO !
I had 5 classes
Haha, ethnic cleansing is funny.
He fought for the US interests, not for Europe or Greece.
i honestly don't see what tourists find in that area.
Tengri, the unmodernized version of tanrı, is almost always used to refer to kök tengri, turkic shamanistic god though.
South half of Cyprus:
Turkish is that simple
Only Turkish but I doubt it'd work to have bilingual education with anything, considering the schools barely manage to teach basic Turkish grammar
* gelmişmiş (Someone said s/he came, I dont believe them
Akşener, while okay, is far too nationalist for my taste
my family decided to let me go to the UK all alone for a language school in summer
*anger entered the chat*
Also its expensive as hell
A decent portion of Greek cuisine exists as part of the Turkish cuisine, but there are types of Tzatziki (Called Cacık across the shore) that don't exist in Turkey, and stuff like that
That last word asks which place you belong to, -er- as in Londoner
For example, it's not that Greeks are stealing Turkish food, they've genuinely been cooking the same food alongside us
He looks like Mark zuckerberg at best in the photo
*Yabancı* in Turkish means foreigner, comes from the root *yaban* meaning wild
Most of them also do lack an adequate education (even Secondary), so their ignorance highly contributes to the existing stereotypes
> He looks like the type of guy that talks about immorality and how people have no manners only to go home and beat his wife
Yes Huns and Göktürks are our past history but our states is more related with Ottomans and Seljuks
Intervening accomplishes nothing
They can be very fanatic about islam, so it is better that way since we consider the fact that i am still living with them
That look you talk about seems to be a standard thing for World dictators
Weather is amazing and people are nice
\-cons: low wage, heavy working conditions, education system, traffic, air pollution, economy, government, ignorant people, ultra-nationalist people, taxes and high vat
* gelmişti (s/he was here, but might have left
Either way, local Turkish militas fought against the French there not an army commanded by Mustafa Kemal.Sorry bro but this is what you get when you want to play imperialism.
In your initial comment, you stated that the reason why Greeks are inexistent in modern day Turkey is due to the genocides.
What problems do you guys have?
Teşekkürler - exact translation: thanks
No, but I do get offended
Father: Mahmet Kayaoglu
All I remember from French is "Qui est a l'appareil" and apparently it's a phrase the French never use.
Civilians that were born and raised there aren't conquering tyrants that slaughter native population.
Turkish army isn't professional.
Dokun karnına ve boynuna
Looking at the prices of their medicine and shit like the opioid epidemic, why should anyone trust big pharma
Isn't it a natural hot spring
Mind you the ruling elite spoke a mixture of Farsi & Arabic; as opposed to the Central Asian remnant 'folk' Turkish, which Kemal Atatürk made the official language once he came to power
28 C is like a typical Summer day for me
3) Europe
Or that far-right nationalist extremism isn't exclusive to the Turkish side in Cyprus but there are Greek nationalists and even literal neo-Nazis among Greek Cypriots too
America is acting like a douche to everyone else also.
It is a win win situation for him.
I see a puzzle piece when I look at Spain
Their products are in literally every pharmacy
Yeah, our curriculum doesn't about America
Why is that the case in Sweden
So serious shitposts are regular posts?
TRNC is also a somewhat safe heaven for young immigrants
Greece seems to be doing it with no repercussions
In a matter of 2 weeks we went from 18th to 20th economy of the world.
Be more civil and put them in jail so they can’t talk
kind of click-ish sound is also existent here
Ironic, isn't it
The integration talks would cause everyone to lose their shit here, even in a completely secular Turkey.
I always see them
Those questions are self explanatory.
im in high school and i still havent been taught a thing about ww2 so far
but I feel bad for you too
No Downsides
Kurds are in Iranian culture group
The famous photo is a recreation of that moment, but still it's probably in all history books
You had me at chai
I always thought Nokia phones were Japanese until I was informed that it is in fact Finnish
If an owl lands on a house, a dead will come out of it
I don’t which side what defence is doing but they wanted to father into mental hospital due to his daughter’s death
Cities:Sylines
What does that tell you about the AKP?
With current situation, these terror organisations are controlling 1150km area on Turkeys border
Meanwhile we got [this]
Beautiful
You will ask "why are they thinking like that
Its pagan counterpart is Saturnalia, early Christians derived a lot of their holidays from Pagans.
FOR A TOURIST I found Edinburgh more impressive
He deleted his originial psychotic rage and replaced it with something looking much better.
It’s flag is a white crescent and a star on a red background
I haven’t met a person in my life that does say ridicule things about Ataturk
We played against Italy in Euro 2000 group stage
So you think the Turkish state did it?
This looks like anus to me
Bulgaria: I cant see any real problem with them for 31 yrs
I think this is how they do it in Greece too.
Other than citizen, celebrities are doing ads or public speeches to educate people and woman who is under abusive relationship to survive if there will be an attack like this
So if Turkey is not a country, than how americans celebrate Thanksgiving??
1800: Konstantiniyye
Where do these workplaces find their employees, though?
Whenever they're ready to submit to their Portuguese overlords of course.
But I've seen pictures of the city center, and I like it.
Personal: Cats
I believe it is quite obvious why Greeks are interested in Turkey
My eyes are full of tears after seeing how our beloved European friends caring about wellfare of Turkish people and democracy
I'm assuming you've never heard Bektashi sect or Anatolian İslam in general
4 in 2017 too
Turkey historicly can't afford to lose west or east .
No one spoke like the Ottoman elite except for themselves
Do i even have to give an example
"Turkey" and "Russia" may be enemies; but we, the people, really don't care for this hooplas of nationalist politics, that tries to divide us for the sake of their own pockets
Tbh, I ate kebab in Finland and Sweden
TIL I live in a desert
I tried to stop that by protesting against it by people who live abroad abd vote for him are seen as hypocrites by opposition side
This guy is the Bernie Sanders of Turkey.
There isn't real tension there either.
I kept mixing İsveç(Sweden) with İsviçre(Switzerland) until I learnt where they were on Atlas
To enhance the sarcasm of the comment, i could have said kebab country as well but I didn't
If it is true, then that means you support a racist
He and his colleagues in the conservative party weren't elected with the knowledge that he'd be PM and his personal platform would be the government's policy
Damn that is interesting
Not sure where you got that from.
Jazz, Blues, Rock and Roll, R&B and Hip Hop beg to disagree.
3 = üç
There is an unknown number of krypto/hidden Armenians in the eastern provinces, who have converted to Islam and changed their identity to Kurds or Turks
Also yes I agree Cyprus has unique borders
They are aggressive idiots, so stay away.
yes, people are talking about a big economic crisis for a month now.
Similarly, people don't have children past 80, on average they do in their 20s.
In Turkey, we learn English from first grade and we have spelling bee competition in usually 5th grade in some schools
I honestly don’t think like you
These attacks aren't just happening randomly.
but I guess you can also be a citizen of a city.
If you want to solve this issue, there should be court about Grey Island in Aegean Sea between Turkey and Greece to start solving
No one exactly knows where all of the tunnels are
Teacher let girls out and only boys were in the class for an hour to talk about male part of the job and visa versa for once
Amazing, added to the list
I don't know if you guys have the same problem with church bells
Turkey is a republic
You are whole again
I have too many questions
You have succesfully offended me
If the Greek administration that controls the southern part officially call themselves Greek Republic of Southern Cyprus that represents only southern part, Turkey would gladly call them a Republic
That shouldn't be this hard to provide.
Please show me an example because I remember almost none nor I am able to find any.
A word can have maybe 10 meanings by different pronouncing styles
It infuriates me that others do the opposite, if they want something to be true, they just buy it hook line and sinker without even examining it.
But on a state level, the amount of power they held in late Ottoman period did not translate to the new Republic at all
A common misconception is that city lost its spirit after Ottoman conquest but it was still named Konstantiniyye,all the Greeks and non muslims were allowed to stay and take on Ottoman citizenship,and throughout the Ottoman dynasty city was valued and kept as the most advanced city title for many years
Antalya: beaches, tourists, oranges
It is pretty long, i am translating the first words: "Dont fear, the moon and the star at dawn will not stop burning"
pepsi max really ? i believe smoking has affected her taste
For me idk
That’s kinda how the food chain works though
And they use false testimonies and imaginary WMD's as an excuse.
We also have [Okey
There's just so much propaganda.
A Saudi Arabian can understand a Palestinian, a Turk cannot understand both to begin with.
I'll give two, one positive tradition and one negative
Turkey has always been multicultural, I don't mind it either way.
Idk percentage but in Turkey they raised tax for tobacco products changed packs to black and put disgusting photos and they banned to sell rolled packs of cigs(they used to sell in tobacco shops it was about 1/4 price of market ones(5₺) ) I was going to buy one back about one month ago but I couldn't afford pack and rolled ones are banned
I didn’t think it as start of puberty but stuff about puberty is right age to start
Yeah, but a little clarification for those of us that don't speak German is okay.
Most Greek of Turkish cities is probably Izmir (smyrna )
İt is Wales not United Kingdom please
It pisses off locals and ramps up the fears of Arabization and Islamization of Turkey, plus ruins the perception of Turkey for other foreigners who visit and see that stuff and might assume these people are Turkish and this is what Turkey normally looks like
No university students, no professors, no good business people, no high elite left due to wars, migrations and political conflicts caused by the war itself
Exactly, Türkistan is already used(and it could create an impression of being Middle Eastern in English)
Turkey is neither European nor Asian
Providing funding for the opposition to spread its propaganda and putting up a set of economic roadblocks would go a long way.
However, these two become really famous and loved by many people
You can't hear stuff like "They have bigger nose, different hair than us.
Those guys were on your side, they still called the Greek invasion illegal and impossible to maintain.
- hvad siger du
I don't look for metal groups specifically
Erdoğan is entering this election basically alone.
It was a poorer but hopeful country, indeed.
Turks lost almost all of their shining generations, from rich to poor, educated to business people during and post WW1
Let me in
Thanks for this cozy post
European side has so much more to offer than that
You ate everything except the emperor of the street foods, shame on you, really
Medical student here, can confirm
The stages of grief are denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance.
EU was Turkey's key to westernization.
The tallest person on earth and the person with the biggest nose are turkish and live in Turkey
I wonder why they didn't wait for 2 more days to post it
The al-bab operation is slow because goal is to capture the city intact with the least amount of casualties.
The cultural differences are too awkward sometimes
Rieti IT
For humanists and armenians: Enver Pasha
Nonetheless people directly assume that you're a "Türkçü/Ülkücü" (that's what nationalists get called) when you use the actual Turkish word instead of some stupid Persian/Arabic words and phrases
I wonder if this will apply to private schools as well.
Happy cake day
It means ruler of the sky
Out of all cities I've visited, Mardin or Urfa felt really foreign
Just like any empire Greeks forcefully subjugated countries via conquest.
One gets imams to make anti new year speeches during friday prayers, the other takes that literally and carries out the act.
Turkey has been a member for a long than and we craved a place in NATO that cannot be filled easily.
I was referring to the immigration wave of the 1850's to mostly Russia.
Turkish anthem called İstiklal Marşı means The march of Freedom is very epic one
Personally, he was in Gallipoli in 1915 so it was geographically impossible for him to be involved.
Thank you
I'm pretty sure we'll be rid of erdoboy in the next election
And you can see them talking only kurdish in mostly kurd areas
I am so excited to get some cold weather and snow here in Latvia, I hope it won't show me the middle finger
Turkey simply has a standing pledge to protect TRNC if war breaks out, similar agreements aren't uncommon.
An 17 year-old leftist kid (Erdal Eren) was sentenced to death although the decision was overruled by the supreme court twice
Today: İstanbul
A lot of Europeans I talk with seem to imagine Ankara as a green, liveable alternative to Istanbul however
Obviously, Qatar (or the GCC in general) is not the best place in the world to be an immigrant worker in construction, but that article sounds extremely biased with exaggerated numbers and questionable sources
I personally don't deny the genocide, you could probably have inferred that based on my comment and so there was no need for you to bring it up and just become another robot that brings up the Armenian Genocide whenever a Turk shares their opinion online
Economy has gone to shit, we have that dude named Erdoğan which you all know very well, more than half of turkey is currently supporting him
The Byzantines, rather, the Eastern Romans, always referred to themselves as "Romans", the emperors referring to themselves as "Emperor and Autocrat of the Romans" by the end, that is, 1453
> Secular yet not antagonistic to conservatives, values science highly, looks positively to the West
2-China
On the other part of the old world Rome continue to exist and still was a strong mediterranean power.
"If they have dollar we have God (on our side)"
The leader of the CHP also accused akp of being behind it if im not mistaken
Can you share the source of it
They unironically say that women shouldn't vote.
An extremely disorganized ad agency
Adana, some guy tried to shoot sun there and another guy drove his car to a river  to cool the car
Overwhelming majority at the Turkish side wants to unify again, but they faced ethnic cleansing and that isn't easy to forgive and forget.
Even a majority of his voters don’t really support him
They're usually lower middleclass and they like to own Fiat Doblo's.They're obsessed with Ottoman Empire and approve Erdoğan because of this claims to revive Ottoman Empire
how about "40 YAPAR"
Turkey has parts that is regularly -30 and it even dropped to -40 a few times how is that not cold?
Perhaps don’t speak so certain about these fuzzy concepts before you at least use Google
STRONG CATALONIA
And feet
Social darwinism is an incredibly inconsistent and non scientific ideology used as the scientific basis fascism desperately lacks.
Please don't kick my country off NATO hahaha.
Majority of my whole floor was Turkish, I figured it out 2 weeks later when they spoke Turkish in the kitchen
Europe came to where it currently is by arguing with religion.
So, that is probably the main reason we see ourselves as "Turkish", it is its own thing as I tried to explain
If you are to visit rural areas in Turkey, you are also highly likely to witness the everlasting conflict between modernist/secularists and conservatives
I think the reason that they've not done it yet is that both Turkey and Greece has bigger problems now, not that there's animosity or anything
it works for me though I don't think it is banned because that would even make less of a sense since reddit isn't.
But this map has really archaic words it feels more arabic than turkish
Only I can think of is hand, feet and shoulders.
+Endless malign construction in Istanbul
1000 = bin
And post office stopped delivering mail to “Constantinople” at that time
) at night
3€ )and  5₺(0
He said it to a physicist (Erdal İnönü)
Go directly to Turkey
wow
The difference between a patriot and a traitor is whether or not they win the war
Turkey is urbanised in a toxic and random way so the urban population is too large and too diverse to form a base for any group
Central Asia or the Caucasus
We also like to make fun of other people
"Can women even vote in turkey"
Cigarettes,alcohol,adultery
I believe every nation has right to self-rule.
Oh no, everyone doesn't agree with me, it's a brigade!!
Bunlar okumayan manyak
I still can’t find any similarities possibly because I haven’t been to either of those places, so could you please share your thoughts on this so that I can have an insight about Murakami’s choice as well
guys more masks and distancing please
Visited Danmark, Sweden, Finland and Estonia.
Brilliant
* [Diyarbakır Fortress and Hevsel Gardens Cultural Landscape] (2015)
Anatolia was(still is) a bridge between civilizations.So genetic diversty is very high.
FunFact: Both Silk Road and Spice Roads were blocked by first Seljuks, which caused the failed crusades, and then by the Ottomans, which started the Age of Discovery (because the Ottomans had closed the roads, Europeans had to find another route
Best Greek singer
Yeah lol if the extremists and governments didn’t hate each other than it would all be nice and cool
While we are majority Muslim, we are a secular country with no actual restrictions on alcohol, and many Muslims, especially in the western areas are not very religious and don’t have a problem with drinking
Yeah I've been to batumi and this is not the best part of the city
Do "u wot m8 I besh yer hed" types still exist in the UK?
[Cümhuriyeti biz böyle kazandık. -This is have we won the Republic
Holy cow the pro-European party has over 40% more votes than the next party, wow that's HUGE1
Its stable, beautiful architecture( mostly old Armeanian churches and old russian buildings), good infrastructure
This is highly inaccurate I can't believe how this map is allowed to be even posted in this day
I was born and educated in Turkey, I spent majority of my life there, my opinion is just as valid as yours
They handed 389 million euro worth of material to usa embassy
One of the most contemptible events of Turkish diplomatic history.
To give you an idea, Turkey borders 7 countries with [7 different alphabets] (if you count Persian and Azerbaijani as different)
Lots of swearing too which I’m not a fan of
After the Trump i hope they don't start randomly bombing the Middle East again
So, we use them incorrectly
Governments should disincentivize being anti-vaxx
Europe isn’t only a geographical term, but also a political and cultural one
THE RING OF FIRE
Similarly, pre-Turkish Anatolian civilisations, including Ionians are taught in Turkish history books as completely distinct entities that are not Turkic
Any accent from the middle, north, or east of the country stresses me out, I need to adjust for a few hours in those cities, in the worst cases I can only understand half of what they're saying
I'll never forget what they did during their 70 years reign in half of the world
I'm not a muslim
but there is general lack of sunlight because it's always damn cloudy
Damn, just if a USSR flag emoji existed
Nope total war and mount and blade series has the turkish language but it's quite uniqe to see a turkish translation
Name a better duo
Europe always throws dirt on Turkey
Zeugma museum(Gaziantep City), Istanbul aviation museum, Topkapı palace, Maiden's tower, Beylerbeyi palace, war museum, pera museum, mısır apartmentz papadoulos apartment, few more apartments, modern art gallery, archeology museum, islam technology and science museum, sea museum, Yerebatan cistern, whole Üsküdar, Fatih, Beyoğlu, Karaköy districts, camondo stairs and a lot more
Huh
Silivri soğuktur
Stupid AKP even allowed girls to wear a headscarf in school which is awful because most of them are not done by choice but by being forced by religious nut parents
Real Oghuz Turks originated from the Transbaikal area, northeast of Mongolia.
*I* brought this here
Its pretty easy for non-natives to pronounce
Well as a native Turkish speaker i can easily understand Azerbaijani but im unable to form a sentence
For some Erdogan, for some Kılıçdaroğlu, for some Babacan
Not many people trust tap water that changes color time to time
Central Anatolia
People admire Germans since last periods of Ottoman Empire
> my 13 year old ass
Oh and for some reason, Turks in America never commit any crimes, even though 500k of them reside there.
No Downsides
Looks like that castle during that one mission in skyrim where you go into this party or some shit
In turkish Sweden is "İsveç" and Switzerland is "İsviçre". I believe most people in Turkey are just like you
As a Turk, the fact that people in Europe stand up in the metro even though there are seats is so weird to me
If you are not interested in Ottoman history, then don't make absurd claims that are related to them.
I like this drink, whats it called
Oh boy, I was born in it,molded by it.
Like, there are a lot of things I just hate, but deciding to kill a random guy as a response is like, what the fuck
They own this country, their homeland
" (Later on makes an alliance with the nationalist party like a chad and uses natinalist propaganda" -Erdogan
Well that is close to impossible without a civil war.
Turkey is a plateau at least 500 m above sea level that is surrounded by mountains.
There are no common hatred or love towards Romania in Turkey
I'm not a fan of cash either
By projecting the prophet on building
The one on the board of General Dynamics.
You did not assimilate the previous ones, including my people, which you should have.
Nobody here is blaming other countries and NO was, and still is ahead by a formidable margin in every single trustable poll.
More like : what does vertical mean?
Well, if we consider the drastic change of the health industry and life conditions at last 100 years
Millions of people all over the world are allowed to vote and have been living somewhere else for centuries maybe have been born there.
Also no one here cares about Greece
but since the topic is expansion of Russia through years, their territory expanding to Anatolia would make a whole different world.
Just because something is harmless doesn't mean it's respectful
Look at Iraq, Afganistan where same sandal wearing fighters have brought down multiples of people, armored vehicle and helis from Russia, USA, UK...etc.
Translate for Redditors: Came here to write this, seems like we think we should know about this but we can't learn it
Judging by this sub alone one would think 1/3 of all Germans were a bit to the right of AfD lol
Thanks
Its okay to have different wiews of course but songs are good and most of them are composed by Turks thats why I said those songs so it fine no problem man
I am calling BS for Turkey
Thank you for clearing that out.
oh well bruh
5m its around 700k.
**If they let you to design a regular building instead of a monster, it could be an architectural masterpiece in Turkey
Fun fact: More Albanians (people with Albanian ancestry) live in Turkey than in Albania.
I don’t know :(
P.s: these couples were only Turkish tourists I encountered at our 3 days Porto visit
What a pity
Mother side: Since my mum lives around 900km away from them it doesn’t happen much often
Look at it from the positive side
Brothers
Lol this post gonna trigger some white supremacists.
She is always throwing something important away lol
Join the club
We just don't call it a genocide
They were just playing dead
If you don’t have computer, company gives you one(not personally own but you can work in the company)
Btw i'm really worried about Germany
why
I would do it just because it looks cool
What else do you hate everything
Then I guess I have to flee somewhere they can't find me, any ideas
It's located in Trabzon province so you can say "Of of Trabzon" lol
You can make to “Yedi kedi yedi” (Seven cats have eaten-this or that-)
Why is it that bad
You say that like it's impossible
This is a big security concern for Turkey
Son of bitch
The Crown has a really well tailored storytelling behind it to make it compelling TV
There were a lot of tourists especially in Istanbul before covid and tourism is just a big money source for the country
Fiat produces some of it models in Turkey.
Cultural exchange can only bring positives
dont come crying when erdogan **unleashes the syrians** on you.
I still don't get Whiskey but its a beautiful city with a lot of history and some nice pubs.
The revolving door aspect of Italian politics may keep things from getting done but it sure keeps totalitarianism at bay.
My Turkish bros, this makes me think of an idea
Both events pretty unrelated btw
EU citizens don't want Turkey to join, Turkey (not only AKP voters, left wing too) don't want to join, so keeping the way open seems stupid.
And against all those sensible reasons, what we get from other countries is just nonsense false claims and accusations like ethnic-cleansing, Kurdish genocide etc
And if you think Cyprus isn’t Europe because it’s only 80 km away to Asia, just wait till you find out Israel is in Eurovision
EDIT: Let me detail
I am from Turkey
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
Does the person portraying Emine actually wear a hijab in real life?
yeah, it’s called “kuş dili” which basically means bird language
If you look at older maps, they called it Turkey back then as well.
What if UK has a referendum again and they decide to stay, but then never have a referendum on this topic ever again
no, it's not a thing in turkish culture.
Wealth and access to birth control play equally, and usually bigger parts.
I didnt claim that
You only need English really, everybody knows it.
- well acording to french yeah
It's a microcosm of all of Turkey.
Well Istanbul has a European side and an Asian side
Constantinople is simply Fatih district of current Istanbul
Turkey feels like the center of the world for a reason
This is why I have hard time remembering it
I do wish they were joking sometimes but the truth is something is really wrong upstairs
I seriously doubt that
Because most of the backlash is coming from AKP voters, for a stupid reason at that.
It was very detailed class
Wasn't the purpose of the coup to get rid of him?
You cannot sleep even 3 hours without interaption
Its called “demiryolu” which means “road of iron”
Fucking cunts are gonna result in Islam being hated even more by the west and thats gonna result in major govt support
Constant political violence, economic crisis, US embargo and more
It was used to be 12 months but now it's 6 months and where you're stationed is completely random
If anyone wonders this happened very close to anniversary of [Aegean dick mesurement contest of 1995-1996]#Military_crisis)
Unpopular opinion: If Cyprus unites, violence will start again which probably will cost even more lives
The old IDs had a space on it that indicated your religion, and if you were born into a family that is registered as Muslim you had Islam on your ID as well
Thank you
He sounds like a total pussy that's saying "look Erdogan I am on your side, isn't it great???..hehe..please don't hurt me"
You can see where Lithuania saw the Fukushima disaster, remembered how close they were to Chernobyl and said fuck that ish
I really liked the band as well
they didn't revolt against the Ottomans
Huh, I thought jamon iberica is the most expensive one
Pros: Nice culture, heavenly cuisine, magnificent country, beautiful nature and natural wonders
“Alman hesabı” is our phrase for “to go Dutch”. Alman means German in Turkish and the root of the second word (hesap) means “fee/bill”. I believe it comes from Germans’ hard discipline
If the cats aren't afraid of you walking by, its a good neighborhood.
safety lane) in Turkish
Watched them getting called terrorists and being sent to prisons literally made for them live on tv
Shit, I'm ALMOST below the poverty threshold.
Before overthrowing Putin  go and fix your proplem
It doesn't have more side effects than fossil fuel that's for sure
72 years ago on 14 th of november Meskhetian Turks were deported from Georgia to Central Asia
a lot of people drive junkers and honestly i have no idea how they pass the inspection
•Eskişehir:Good infustructure,modern people, a major who made the city cradle
so, happy revolt day lol
Chicken is not too safe to eat from cheap places
Europe should protect it's culture and blood.
Tell me about it
There are citizens from very different ethnicities
It's annoying to see a bunch of stupid posts at the bottom of every thread
What happened
It's more of a lunch food for us
Istanbul's roads are narrow and rhere's nowhere to go,but people give me space
uzun means both 'long' and 'tall'.
Plus the feel of being freedom is much more less compared to earlier years, there are much more reasons, like bad education system, increasing religion life style over poor areaes while youngs and young adults aren't interested religion at all
Anti-vax originated from the USA
I love how the image purposefully ignores the disappearing journalists
Yes he did.Do some research before accusing someone.
I also like tiny versions of the Italian, Finnish and Swedish lisance plates
No one here dislikes Greece, unlike some vocal minority Greeks I've seen on the internet
Im not suprised tho :/
Apple will probably just include a USB-C to Lightning adapter in EU sales and call it complaint
Okay what the fuck is wrong with Hungary here
So saying that he was born in Smyrna is inaccurate, as that is not certain but other than that inaccuracy nowhere is it says he was Turkish
i love the bunny paintings though
Polls are never a good indicator of the results tbh, but the polls (+ anecdotes) are saying no.
1 TL = maybe a bottle of water or little chocolate
I think these are phases countries have to go through
That saidn
(That’s excluding Ankara but personally I don’t find it interesting either
Kemal Atatürk rebelled against the Ottoman Empire in '19 to start the Anatolian resistance against invading powers
You merely adopted the shame
Enjoy the food, get drunk and try to kill each other while arguing which Empire was the best
Why
OK, enjoy
There are barely any Turkish muslim terrorists...
It's practically a card game with tiles
The pronunciation of sans (without) and 100 (cent) are the same so there was a little misunderstanding in this case lol
(English) Warsaw
For me it is Germany
All the businesses, accountants and personal accounts of Catalans would redirect their payments to "Barcelona" or whatever they choose to be the new seat of government
There are also Medieval Anatolian epics like Dede Korkut and Köroğlu
The regular parliament can continue to write and argue in favor or against bills, but it should take a statistically relevant jury to actually make it into law.
This is my only hope
I am in Turkey rigth now and I can't see anyone dying
Not one letter but some dots:
You have to live here for like 8 yrs (that makes 2 elections, ya know) at least to understand the whole politic groups of the country
What's giving them the encouragement is the French people standing up
If you live in a city with great public transport infrastrure
[THANK YOU
Same-sex marriage in Europe
Yes but your own happiness isn't the most important thing in the world
Also, I'm an industrialist who believes that human control over the nature as a whole is justified (that doesn't mean misusing or destroying it) and that individual's will can triumph over "human nature" (again a vague and non defined concept) so even accepting that violence was nature's way wouldn't change my stance on that, which I don't.
I mean it's really stupid so it's likely true
This is what happens when your country is run by high school graduates, voted in by middle school graduates.
TRT1=(Turkish Radio Television) used to only tv channel in turkey back in the day now they produce turkish tv series about turkish history such as :
That proposal for Taksim Mosque later was improved to [this] It had suras from Quran carved on its dome and the shadow of the script would fall down on prayers
It was in Çukurova/Adana
They say nationalism is dead, but fight survival is different from nationalism.
Mete Khan, İsmet İnönü, Sultan Alp Arslan
Not wanting to be german and not wanting to live there are two separate things.
So you can't arrest %50 of the population.
That's why the whole country is pissed all the time.
ah yes
If the Catalans truly view themselves as independence why do their taxes go to someone else
Yep.This is just stupid.Anatolia is know for its hospitality but AKP goverment is destroying it and polarizing people.We Muslims and Turks should be open minded and understand people to solve our problems.I wish our opposition did something but they aren't harsh enough against Erdoğan.
A stagnating Russia will be cautiously holding onto the Caucasus and parts of Eastern Europe
Forget about fucking politics , war , terrorism and shit.
We don’t anymore
He's clearly interested in the emerging threat of Macedonia, world's next superpower.
The CHP under Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu has turned
Why did you avoid mentioning that Armenians engaged in armed rebellion against the empire and it was one of the major reasons to why Armenians were massacred?
My realistic expectation is to reach round of 16
Even if I got my dream salary, my life wouldn't change that much because I have almost no time for anything else other than work
Rize: last to turn Muslim, so Muslim
Everything is corrupt here in Turkey
Dutchbat failed and that the mission was ill-considered and nigh impossible.
WAS THIS ALSO PART OF YOUR PLAN, JOJO
He is literally a dictator
Same thing with "restoring Constantinople to Christendom."
Israel seems like gotta change sides
Qatar has come a long way in terms of workers' rights especially comparing to other countries in the region, and it's all due to the international pressure they face
Çomars
I used to think cities (or states) having flags was only in the US but apparently a lot of cities have flags
But they are Turkish citizens...
It really backfired bad in his side
Looks like a miniature of Cesme.
This is why I have hard time remembering it
The person being interviewed will use one of them casually and accordingly
But because of that I lament the addition of more camis, especially in parts of the city that are already full of camis, but at the same time I’m a big fan of beautiful buildings, which are few and far between in İstanbul
It is not about winning or losing.
They are struggling against Khalifa Haftar these days in civil war
Wow, I thought you and Moldova were fine
In schools kids are taught what to do in which situation if an earthquake strikes.
Neither it is voting repeatedly until the sheeple make the the choice you want
Also [lakerda] which I put here just because I like it, and [imambayıldı] which I could eat every day
Maybe you do not realize but Turkey is going through very hard times these days, we had some serious terror attacks and lost loved ones.
But I suppose Turkey is the fairest Muslim country after Albania.
It just means "seven cats".
Not really, we all know the general opinion on this sub regarding the 1915 events so most of us don't even bother.
"I am going to fight for my religion," said no one whatsoever
The worst part is the fact that Daily shit is still alive
But on a serious note, I think it is there is nothing wrong with Netherlands-tulip thing, Turkey might be where it is originated but the country that has absolutely stunning tulip fields and farms is also the Netherlands, in Turkey a few small tulip mosaics is the max you can find
"Црна Гора" means black mountain in Montenegrin language
They produce tv series with our tax money
1 is too many
And we ruled Arab lands (Levantine) for also a long time, so there is that
We arw all citizens of this country mo matter our ethnic background from Turk to Kurd laze to zaza we are all Turkish
[Source]
There was no snow in the city of the worlds desire either
He also wrote "if the coup fails Erdoğan will fuck the country up" which has proven to be true.
They are the examples of the most shitty, tortural, and low-class genre in the country
"Thank you for your comment, I will correct it
Vammala FI
We’re all used to seeing them in photos with formal clothes and serious faces
-] This image I believe states current Turkey
They are really bad lol
Same with Liechtenstein
* gelmişti (s/he was here, but might have left
It tells us how a nation succeeds
Nobody even tries to use their weapons in these, they wave each other off and go home afterwards.
gagauz %97
Turkey *is* a member of the CoE.
Like I said it's not black and white
I don't know if we or you guys are more fucked up anymore :( Support from Turkey
It is about 30 °C and humid but I have learned how to exist within the hotness
There was a movement but people stopped to care
It doesn't matter what they fight for
[keep in mind that these are all quite subjective]
Why hasn't a corporation just bought out an island, payed all the people some pittance and formed a country from it by now
i.redd
But mostly they know that time has changed, the world has changed since then so they give us advice how to be a better person
I think just saying 'no' to refugees and having to accept them anyways due to lack of constructive policies is really popular in right-wing circles
Oh we say that in turkey too "Baca gibi sigara içmek"
It derives from the Greek phrase "εις την Πόλιν" " [is timˈbolin], meaning "in the city" or "to the city", reinterpreted as a single word
Only once
Cacık - Greece
and it all started with greek adventure in asia minor following WWI
The so called invasion is the right of Turkish government since she is  a guarantor state in Cyprus
Doesn't matter where they live.
Germany didn't so they've gone to Eastern Europe.
I said ethnic cleansing, not genocide.
Erdogan used that coup to full extend and become defacto dictator of the country
I thought we owned it becaise we had our old reliable SA(Sabancı Company) symbol on it
*Malaka* in Greek means asshole, dickhead, stupid, sometimes ignorant person
Now, that makes two of us, mate
Yes
Lakerda is more along the lines of smoked salmon imo, but much saltier and without being smoked
Yeah I can imagine, I don't think people are sent to the jail because of blasphemy, but still it may lead this kind of situations.
Oh that's really interesting
they are arabs
After Sinan's restorations, It's standing still for 600 years which is the longest time a single Hagia Sophia building stood without crumbling or losing its dome.
therefore, they cannot differentiate R and L sounds while speaking foreign languages
Market ones are 20₺ (2
It used to be a sea
government is no more innocent to me than any other party in Syria.
I mean it is part of culture at the end
However, as someone with family from Selanik I very well know that the story is two sided and no it does not get personal when I visit Greece
Shows you once again how fair the referendum will be.
Turkey used to be a pretty diverse country
No, but I do get offended
Therefore, maybe we can learn reasons of suicides
merak means curiosity in turkish
Lmao, as a Turkish citizen, I expected that
Requirements for entry have been lowered substantially so more AKP aligned people can get into to it.
İt is great that you have admiral in charge of a landlocked country
The Greek side keeps wanting more and more, capitulating on the Turkish side's will to unify.
So yeah
According to them you can't say anything bad about our glorious leader Erdogan.
once i had made the mistake to pay $100 for one mcgrawhill book on programming.
But I hope in future
I’ve never seen this before, now I want one of these
Think what you want to think, I don't care in the slightest.
You have probably heard of [kuzu kuzu by tarkan ] but these days its [patlamaya devam by isyan tetick]
Happy cake day
No law commands authority on its own.
I'm a radical atheist so I'm all for hating religions and all but calling every Muslim an asshole is as dumb as calling all Muslims peaceful nice guys.
No major ones, flair explains it I guess
I find it very satisfying and cute
Also, downvoted, not downloaded
He obviously misspoke here, guy talks from the heart over thousands.
Only thing they have is blankets, a heater works with coal or wood and teapot under a tent
787 workers were trapped underground after the explosion, 301 of them died
The president, duh
Why are they using the picture of famous [Napoliten of Ülker] ?
So we couldnt deal with it
Buildings are too close to each other, and walls are almost always thin
european side of the istanbul is the biggest factor why akp has the majority of the total votes so you have no clue what you're talking about.
I  really want to visit Glasgow when this whole corona business ends
Best year in history ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).^^^gib ^^^tax ^^^infidel
I explained the bases of Turkish nationalism
Cypriot Turks are doing hell of a better job at trying to fix the situation than Turkey, they will likely be the ones to solve it
Wait, what's with that Soros guy
I wish I can show that but I don't believe that I can draw like you :P
wasn't us
USSR was preparing for the war against Nazis from the start, it is dumb to think they are somehow equal or allies
We don't have anything against germans but generaly we don't like the Turks in Germany
Man I'm old af
5- Not a country, but Islamic history as well
A stagnating Russia will be cautiously holding onto the Caucasus and parts of Eastern Europe
I didn't wish to go down this rabbit hole, but you've roused me
It is more interesting to see that not only they are getting rid of billboards and signs found in private buildings and highways, they are also doing the same on the stores themselves
Often such a result is due to distorted expressions
No onion menemen is not menemen, just tomato with eggs
Also we supplied Allies as well.
Eh, the Hanseaten aren't that different culturally than the Dutch or the Danish.
The 1980 coup gets very little attention in foreign media
You're just insulting me at this point instead of responding.
Odunpazarı Houses built by Locals also in sivrihisar district and armenian church, and Reşadiye Mosque in city center -Eskişehir Türkey
I think secular people should in no way accept to fight religions on their turf, accepting that they are superior to other ideas, protected and somehow non-criticisable.
tamam kardeşim yanlis okumusum basliktaki aren't i are diye okudum sağolasın dedigin doğru aklima sadece ingiliz manda plani bayrağı geldi
Telling people to not celebrate it because of it's roots is stupid Christians celebrate it as birth of Jesus now.
turkey citisens: "hold my beer"
It seems someone studying [Non-Euclidean Geometry]
Once again you are confusing dictatorship with authoritarianism.
If its the former, that'd be Azerbaijan
Imagine where Syria would be if the west didn't support Syrian rebels, imagine where Libya would be if the west didn't intervene, etc.
Wet European dreams
I never said it is a good thing.I said it is bad but trying to potray it like something else is wrong.Many people think Turkey is supporting ISIS(They are actually fighting against them in Iraq and Syria and arresting their members in Turkey) and things like this(Potraying it like it is about ISIS) make them think they are right.Erdoğan is an asshole but this doesn't mean you should bend the truth.
" Literal translation: "It's not on my dick
I don't agree with the way you communicate your message but really, how is expecting the citizens of a country to speak the language of that country is nationalism
I know and the wierd thing is Turks from Turkey don't like Turks in Germany either bc of these stereotypes and their behaviours
Yes, Kıbrıs = Cyprus
Wait
I said there is a huge Turkish community in Netherlands, didn't give numbers except their voting percentage for AKP, which is indeed 70%.
There is no difference between the Johnnies and the Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours
Amen to this
But present day conflicts arise from disputes on islands
Relative 2 old couple approached and told each other “look at them, why they’re taking pictures etc
* **Çeki** - 226 kilograms
Both have Ottoman influence
It's Gavuristan thank you very much.
Even the Kaiser Wilhelm and the Bismarck is ours xd
They arrived as refugees and saw the Ottoman rule as the only guarantee of their survival, considering the pogroms and expulsions in Christian Europe.
Turkey and Greece barking at each other without bite
The idea that you can lower your tax burden by giving to charity is also (mostly) bullshit.
Of course there are people who wants that, dreaming a 'Resurrection of the Ottoman Empire', extremist people.
Probably it was the best gift that those children can take.
Abi (Brother)
Depends on the region you are in mostly
A) Not denying the genocide
Taking a state from Turkey is against Turkey's constitution which [ARTICLE 3- The State of Turkey, with its territory and nation, is an indivisible entity
Omg Lukashenko is literally Voldemort
Of course you can't find because we sold "some" of the Ottoman Archives to the Bulgaria lol
Only if there was a middle-ground between being pro-immigration and literally beating up brown people
Romania be like: nonononoyes
If you want a bosphorus view, a big mansion in the closest-to-center suburbs or a large apartment in the financial heart of the city, the prices are disproportionately high.
These people can then spend a few months taking a relevant course at the university before hearing the arguments of proffesional propopnents and opponents for another month or so.
People used to voice their wishes louder but now we don’t think we’ll be able to join at this current state, so it’s not really talked about other than a meme here and there
Turkish side of Cyprus is much more liberal than mainland Turkey and it shows
I think referendum shows what actual people of TRNC wants
Çok teşekkürler- e.t. Many/very thanks
I really like you all komşu, first I learned Greek people like nazım in the event of uprisings maybe 4 years ago and the dog was included couldn't remember it's name though
Not to forget all the Turks who got killed during Enosis by Georgios Grivas in Cyprus too
I thought turkey was the only country that used this around Europe
The Blue Mosque across the street?
I can already see some Erdoğanist moron posting this in a few months in the Internet as proof that Europeans are trying to kill him.
You don't waste your time in traffic, sometimes you can just walk
Correct me I am wrong but when did Turkey not want unification
Lol
They got the vote at the start of the show when the republic was formed but the problems like domestic abuse, low participation in the labor force etc were never solved.
3 is nothing
It's made by filling sheep's intestines
however the movie was full of false stereotypes and how all turkish characters are literally evil.
It’s in Turkish but I had a bit help with the translation
Yes, anti-semitism is a form of racism.
None of those countries are massive warzones like Syria or Afghanistan.
It's fake but in a sarcastic way
nothing at all
We're out here, hoping to be democratic again but instead more countries are starting to be like us
If you want to be pissed about Cyprus start with your own country and how they fucked up their guarantee by just watching the coup and doing nothing.
Non gender language stronk
Mostly gambling and also they have amazing seaside there comparing to east side of blacksea area in Turkey
Erdogan only speaks tough like that for his own Muslim followers in Turkey
The star forts are fascinating marvels of engineering, really.
If some another country has done similar things it is atrocities
Restore trust in the public that you have good intentions in everything and stop fucking up with everything then you wl get people vaxxing again
Opened symphony orchestra and funded theatres
There’s just so much variety to choose from
No, i dont want to put myself in danger just because bunch of people love stray dogs
There is a reason for him being internationally known
Delusional
Ofc I have never seen someone rich fighting in front line
Sorry but first time i heard that.If you're planing to visit Turkey there is no law like that.You can buy either from supermarkets or monopoly stores.
It seems like people care more about the attack being blamed on islam instead of the attack itself.
Only thing that we have common with Arabs is the religion which we still have huge difference in that
Hindus are called Hint, Indians are called Hindistanlı, the bird is called hindi.
.... by very very far
I mean belgium did not ban it just legally declared it gambling thus should be subject to gambling regulations which is very fair
That's the funniest shit i've ever seen
It's located in Trabzon province so you can say "Of of Trabzon" lol
One fun fact I've learned recently: "I am lost" in Azeri Turkish means "I am horny" in Anatolian Turkish
My language actually very simple me according
The future is fraught with danger in Turkey, at least in the short term, no matter which side you are on.
is that what made it possible for Erdogan to be
Turkish Bow
Pinochet tried to fake the results too, but everyone left him alone so he had to leave.
This looks extremely arbitrary like Baltics central Europe
One guy in the line behind me (in Teremok) actually stepped in and helped me out directly translating once he figured out I couldn't communicate well with the serving lady.
I guess Turkey hates Nato while being in it and have fun finding a non-corrupt country(I don't care about the decision but they are expressing it like an idiot ).
I only saw such low temperatures(lowest I saw was -17°) in snowboarding trips, and despite dressing like an astronaut(thermal underwear, ski pants, two layers of coat) I felt very cold and looking at my phone was impossible, because my hands stopped being able to move ~30 seconds after removing my gloves
This is what Erdogan has been pushing for all along.
Also Kurds can get away with openly protesting TUR Govt.
You wouldn't need specially designed panels and the cars couldn't block them so it would actually be quite sensible.
We haven't noticed any difference at all with most other groups I can think
Sorry but your fact is mostly wrong.
Same in Turkish
We start from Stoneage and also learn Mesopotamian history
4-Generally Arabs
One drone to rule them all
The band don't have to be Rock band
Right, OK, the ‘dragon’ comment was probably a little bit fucking over-the-top, but at the end of the day you’re fucking borin’.
He ruined Turkey in two decades
Meanwhile I cannot get into Greece (driving distance) without a visa
We should stop looking like cool guy which doesn’t(edit: i meant doesn’t but wrote does) speaks much kind of foreign policy
So the EU should just let Erdogan do however he pleases?
Let’s see it again and again
its own thing
AKP and MHP have far more Bosniaks in their ranks that I know of
İm not ashamed of Istanbul but the im ashamed of the way we treat it
Radical religion is just the worst thing for civilization
And say "Ooo, Turk bad
Now though the EU is more than a match for russia, they really dont need the US.
Hello Mr Speaker how can i get a country badge ?
Oh but i think it would be better if they put it directly on Eu that would give a better result.
The only thing keeping Erdogan from opening the floodgates is fear of economic sanctions.
During 6th, 7th and 8th grade, we had to take exams at the end of the year and summary of those number will made up for you to choose high school
Erdoğan is demonized in the western press like Putin, but he is also really your man.
You might be right, because especially the tea is suspect.
ill just be waiting for your next proof from kurdistan.org
Greece, Italy, France, Spain, Austria, Switzerland
no im not
Who is that Pókemon
A quick search on youtube gave me [this
The date is important because it means it was voted by AKP.
1990
It's always around 20 degrees in coastal central California.
I'm not even sure a rejection on the referendum will help much.
Very good and old culture, history, mythology.
Love that a greek posted this lol
why you write this
Because they wanted Western Anatolia region.
The secularist opposition was against US imperial influence in the Middle East.
I thougt the pronunciation was weird because I have heard it many times in Turkish
They also going there for visiting, cheap alcohol and gas
Well some people might not like that
But mostly referred to it as Konstantiniyye, a turkified(or arabizied idk) version of Constantinople
He fully accepts the Armenian genocide but also points out that Armenians and Greeks were not the sole victims of atrocities in Ottoman Empire.
I explained that in Izmir March there is nothing against to Greeks as well as in Kafkasya March it is about a non-specific enemy
Syrians are coming to Turkey without learning our language
What the guy above you meant is : for 500 years Europe resisted the muslims, now they are just going to let them in.
Just nonsense
Konya: the opposite of Izmir, the city of very conservative people
Each ballot has around 400 votes.
You actually work directly against it in the last paragraphs.
Remember nothing is far enough away from our coast.
never comes up in news or anything
Grrrrrrrr
The dialects got diluted
Oh it might be different among those who reside in Germany, to me it seems the diaspora Turks are overly conservative and nationalistic, much more so than the people living in Turkey, which is more or less expected I guess
Nah, not much of a problem
Doesn't mean they are Turkish
Even Greeks and Syrians, who I think look closest to Turks, can be spotted in a crowd by me
Both dubbed and subbed.Actually dubs are usually great and they are as good as the original one.
Political position is a choice and should be criticized without the "don't insult my religion" card.
Algiers = Cezayir
Horde armies with USSR and China
Yep i can not understand the politics about that goverment is trying to change the history lol
EU is long shot dream of Turkish Citizens
What I wonder, how can someone get to this point in his mind
OTher neighborhoods they're far more friendly to people.
The kids look traumatized lol
In the city it's not celebrated as much but the people in our neighborhood at least light a bonfire that we jump over for good health
Protect the regime, not the people
Yep, because of the tensions between radical secularists and politically Islamists, political oppression in different forms always happened basically
which leaves 17 actual provincial centers that should bear the name "şehir" in some form.
Istanbul’s historic areas are very small when compared to the rest of the city, and they are mostly accessible by car
That image would appear to be from Vilnius, which was flooded as recently as 2010, and most famously in [1934] I gather they did some work to prevent floods of that magnitude after that one.
Thats actually a sensible proposition.
Result was after local elections cities that changed to CHP gave out information about how most of the cities about to bankrupt
If someone were to study our history, they would learn mostly about you guys (counting the eastern roman empire too)
Of course I’d wish for an united Cyprus in an ideal world though
I know it's on a completely different scale in the Balkans but you guys aren't doing well with it now are you?
Now I am melting in Athens but totally worth it
That says nothing about structural issues that economists have been talking about for the past couple decades and the resulting weaknesses leaving Turkey vulnerable to the economic effects of some of your examples.
Please don't group us with Arabs in a sentence like we are the same people ("Arab and Turk mentality", there is no such thing).
Lawrence of Arabia
Seen as people with weird dicks, treated the same as a regular person
Lol, you can't defeat Putin
You can see bird/cat/dog houses/foods everywhere in İstanbul
I tried to spell it, it is pretty hard
And you're absouletly right most of our people is retarded ultra-nationalists and their fantasy world is more imaginary than harry potter or lotr
Just %15 of the populution have a fethish for incompetent Abdulhamit and you wrote him to your list but forgot these 3
For me, the similarities to Turkish are in this order: Turkish > Azerbaijan Turkish > Gagauz Turkish > Turkmen (Turkmenistan) > Uyghur, Uzbek > Kazakh, Krgyz > Yakut
But all my life I’ve had Erdogan’s party holding power
His father was very competent, he was competent, his brother was competent, his son was NOT competent, his other son was a mixed bag, though he was loved by the people of Istanbul.
Reminds me of Gezi love to Belarus
I know a few people with those names but they might be getting more popular in the last few years.
Im paying 50 lira for 50 masks
Why are some nations nations football teams dominated/heavily influenced by people of immigrant descent while others are usually less ethnically diverse?
The most optimist expectation is 100k death, several millions of homeless people and the complete destruction of the economical capital of Turkey
Probably the '99 earthquakes in İzmit and Düzce that collectively killed about 45
Seperatist movement isn’t peacefull it is terrorism which killed more than 10
Let's hope the dog doesn't have rabies then, cuz then you're dead.
It had remained from pre-republic traditions where your religion defined your identity, and there was even a scandal a few years back where citizens of Pontic, Armenian and Jewish descent were still "marked" with the numbers 1, 2, 3 after those labels were removed over time
Lived in Turkey all my life and never heard of the names Eymen, Hiranur and Ecrin
The irredentist "hurr durs our nation great lets take the lands we lost 100 years ago" people on both sides don't, so they will vote for the sides who look hawkish and uncompromising and politicians pander to them because they'll lose votes if they don't.
Edit: I actually realized now that I didnt answer the question on the title with that long post below.
But my brother is 14 years old and learned needed Apple’s, Google’s and school’s ecosystem in 2 weeks with total of 12 hours computer lessons by school
They only wish him fall because of his foreign politics, which is not affecting negatively turkish people
It was "crazy thief" here
I'm only 59kg and i think the main reason behind is not food but laziness
A big portion of them are, but not all of them.
Note: It's a one letter difference in the root word but vowel harmony makes it multiple
Well, I meant *part* of reddit.
but not for rapist of young girls because they can be forced to marry their attacker.
I should have added "Some" before "People
Killing the soul of a city with a great history for the sake of profit is not what I'd call "intense development" but that's not my business
There are a lot of turks that like in germany so it is expected
**Mercan Dede** is one of the big stars of Turkish electronic music
Even if you pay it off you still have to do it for 1 month but it's rather a vacation than actual soldiering
You also have such a beautiful culture
Actually AKP supporters use Kemalist as an insult these days
I love looking outside my bedroom window, and seeing how those skyscrapers in distance are getting taller and taller every day
That unique culture lingers on
Unless they are political dissidents who are prosecuted in their home country they should be easily sent back.
But "İşkembe Çorbası" hit me really hard
> I wonder if people would react differently if it was a 'fuck all (insert random minority)' sticker
Larger population than Turkey, definitely much more Islamic.
He will say whatever it takes to get his referendum.
And "bacılar" means older women
[This] art nouveau style wooden mosque by D'Aronco, [this] marble arch at Unkapanı bridge entrance, [Zeynep hanım mansion] all the [seaside mansions] in büyükdere.
We harbor all of these mentioned cultures in us under the umbrella of being Turkish
Then Sultan sees him flying and decides that he is a dangerous man
I: I am Turkish/from Turkey
I've met a guy who will come for Erasmus to Kayseri, Turkey
In fact I am drinking tea right now
Lol, you can't defeat Putin
It sounded insane, even for middle schooler(?) me
Their political stances (while possibly having some relevancy) isn't important.
It looks like a sad story 2 years
Grammatical gender doesn't exist in Turkish language
Vienna for seeing what we couldnt take
So can you please stop spreading false information and propaganda
It is true that our relations with each other are not the best right now, but please keep in mind that media, especially in Turkey and Greece, can sometimes be on the nationalistic side because of the past
On the other hand,erdogan lovers love them because they think gastarbeiters represent the Turks out here and they tend to believe everyhting gastarbeiters say
between Human beings
There were news where this slapping went too far and the groom had to go to a hospital
The problem is that despite increasing yield, food prices are not really getting lower.
So, to summarize: He's a folksy physics teacher entered politics, generally a swell fellow, and he's a bit of a maverick within the CHP: Not immensely leftist, not the staunch Kemalist of the Baykal era, basically the closest Turkey gets to a social democrat
**Bastığın yerleri “toprak” diyerek geçme, tanı,**
I sometimes even have to google them because all I know is the English version of the word and not the word in my language
In one line it says there should be peace , in other line it says kill khafirs.
In Turkey Eid also does not have much religious meaning to it, it's just another excuse to do a barbecue really whereas for the rest of the Islamic world it's an extremely important religious holiday.
Not so much with Erdoğan, he only fucks up Turkey not the rest of Europe.
atilla is 100 percent turkic tho (no joke).
So they talk about it like that too.
Whole world to Cyprus: “OMG, 2/5 of country has gone, I wonder what happened
These are just advertisements for Erdoğan's cause.
Though you're not wrong in your observation.
PKK is a terrorist organization but they are the only voice Kurds have left.
No, no, no
Europeans have a really hard time understanding the mind of a dictator and the mentality of a nation that lives under their rule, which is understandable
The reward is that almost nobody call you evil because of a war crime thats a big gain
But social backgrounds matter
I know Grave Digger isn't Scottish or Sabaton is Polish but Rebellion and Winged Hussars both are very good songs if they count
One factor is even the most religious turks are pretty mild on a religious scale compared to most arabs,pakis etc
The CUP was very racially motivated and not that far from the Nazis, ideologically at least
Lovely
sende (on you) ≠ sen de (you too)
She is a 16 year old cat and i think she recently got sick because she is so old
* "They put the skirts on our heads, they strip us, they say 'travel'."
Service isn't great, some patients are dicks but there are no major downsides in my opinion
This is İzmir, the "capital of secularism" in Turkey
I clicked the link to give a one star rating, only to realise that I had already done.
There is overwhelming violence against women in Turkey
Turkey is a melting pot of culture
I did it at 26 because I was doing grad school, but the military really is a young man's game.
My opinion about this war is ''This should not happened in the first place when Turkey summited Safe Zone project in 2012 which Syrian Immigration problem just about to start
How can you make sure that this one type of charger will help power high power laptop as well as lower powered laptop
edit:accidentally wrote "galate" instead of "galata"
Because Aegea is not a lake
MHP will never form a coalition with the Kurds and a CHP-HDP coalition is not possible because the seats will never be enough in he foreseeable future.
People who live longest after their retirement cost the state most.
our streets are full of stray animals but we don't see it as a problem
No, politics are not that simple.
The most popular one is Basilica Cistern which you can visit
>You have the highest survival rates in the world
At least where I live half the street lights are broken and some streets are basically pitch black so it evens out a little at least
It turns out that they just colabrated with each other
Btw, you are the first person who said Ottomans not Turks about genocide
Go and educate yourself a little.
Balkans are a cursed place
Exactly, and it can cause problems in the current situation, because some people (and officials) discriminate by looking at the religion part on the ID.
In the east side of Lake Sevan, parts of the Syunik province and Yerevan
Usually it takes 2-3 days before everything goes back to normal
edit:ah the brigading
No, are they good
I'm not saying this is what happened, perhaps this is the guy, I certainly hope so.
Wow, you even drew Liechtenstein
Some people say that Navalny is a far nationalist and racist
We have more complex things to get angry about, like food, or someone claiming Anatolia is rightful Armenian/Kurdish/Greek clay or something
Fun to visit but most people just use it as an inspiration and then go to local manufacturers when they decide on what they want
Everybody tries to move to a bigger city for oppotunities, employement and better lifestyle
and this is grammatically exist not just in some words
I'm guessing that the professional aspect of the Turkish army has been purged recently for more politically reliable yesmen and those more connected to the ruling party.
Mostly because at the time, they criticised the government
Because Ankara is harder to invade compared to the old Ottoman Capital İstanbul and at the centre of Anatolia
Yea I can understand that as the EU already has to help countries like Bulgaria,Romania etc
This is not really that great of an analogy.
But not Turkey lol
[This map is a better reperesentation]
Many people supporting Erdoğan are not that educated therefore they do not have a deep recognition of what modern countries should be like.
I am just talking about the general prejudice and it's according to some interviews
After half an hour telling the military service memories to each other while drinking tea.
As a Turk this hurts :/
5 €) for pre rolled ones I know it sounds cheap but since our economy is 'very good' our minimal vage is 270 Euro it is like you know unsettlingly high for a 17 yo student who tries to survive with 50tl a week
Can I have Merkel
Now I own general dynamics shares; so when I read news like this, my eyes light up with dollar signs.
If you wish, you may read the DMCA complaints that caused the removals at LumenDatabase
Like I said, I wasn't pointing the rightness of the operation or anything
Then, a lot of people who claim to speak English suddenly freeze when it comes to speaking for real
When opponents pointed it out, he replied that his 'DNS configuration is open'.
It did not
Honestly, I used to think Turkey wasn’t western when I lived in it
My thought wasn't that Cuba will load huge oil tankers with Rum and send it to Czechia (OK that would be pretty funny) but a favorable/tax free trade deal with Czechia for Cuban rum for 100 years or so.
These "vibrant areas" are poor, that's why.
I think this makes sense actually, if immigrants are the majority in certain areas they always suffer for it (because of poverty) and never integrate properly.
Lurther east you go, more bigoted they are
CHP is similar in these things (they are a bit more centre-left) but the region I live always votes CHP so it wouldn't matter much and I did not want HDP to get caught on the voting threshold (and still don't to a degree) since that would give the current government too much power.
I’m referring to the racist comments based on ethnicity, over the Ottoman sultans, as I said
No one is corrupt as he is
Not at all, it's usually eaten straight from the pan with bread
Being totally neutral is hard
I know this is a joke but Istanbul is really not Greek by any means apart from historical buildings.
The thing is, we told everyone that he's purging his political opponents with loads of proof but the media saw only what it wanted to see.
People love to create enemies in their brains and unite against it
their understanding of tips is limited to coins
Congratulations from Turkey
If I didn't notice that I'd miss out on meeting a lot of great people.
It seems someone studying [Non-Euclidean Geometry]
Aren't we talking about foreign dynasties like Windsor for Britian or Habsburgs for Spain
"W-Was this also part of your plan, Joseph
Because Akşener is a centre-right politician who may easily affect the votes of rightist Erdoğan while getting the support of the leftists because of their anti-Erdoğanism
Spain always pictures on my mind as olive tree hills, but obviously its more than just that with biodiversity.
In one city maybe 80% of women wear it, in another city around 20% does
Except that there is a sizable community who can vote in the referendum in Netherlands.
The Country Of White Lilies
That insult tape was bullshit, and "tearing the epaulets of the general" idea is completely legitimate
> ugh, i thought only some tax haven carraibean islands do that :/ that's not how it should work
It might be a political goal, and it’s useful to say X, Y, Z is being done for EU membership
Milyon, Milyar, Trilyon, Katrilyon for million, billion, trillion and quadrillions
yep, i visited some schools in Istanbul recently and most had 40~ students per class
TC's always drifted towards unification but they are desperate for it now that Turkey's becoming increasingly islamist and their community is secular.
Just a number you say
It means ruler of the sky
Whats going on in Thailand, must have missed it
I didnt know it was called hindi
Sik-mek = to fuck
At what point do the police realize they're class traitors, and not paragons of justice
The soldiers weren’t much older than me
Şalgam (shalgam) is a salty, sometimes spicy drink made from radish
The police were purged long before the "coup" attempt but I don't think it was 100% "clean".
Merhaba, adım Can
I also forget words which makes me sound pretentious when I say it out loud
Do not steal our history, thx
We just call it "İngiltere", which means "England
Winnie the pooh has invited you to lake Laogai
Not exactly “Thank you” but we say “Kolay Gelsin(The job you do may it easy to you-you basically wish their job to be easy-), İyi Günler(Have a good day), Hayırlı İşler(Have auspiciousness businesses)
"Closer" to it than Germany according to your logic.
I've only claimed we're not Middle Eastern.
For example Greeks completely destroyed the Anatolian culture and forcefully hellenized people.
Cheering for terrorist activity (e.g.
I’ve lived couple of months in Szczecin, Poland in 2017/2018
don't forget his mindless followers who call him 'reis'.
" all around Turkey when he was murdered by an ultra-nationalist
I love how the image purposefully ignores the disappearing journalists
Didn't think of it that way before tbh
Or the Sørenga Marina thing
Also consider that unlike places along the Atlantic, Turkey isn't warmed by the gulf stream.
I just get so sweaty and lumpy
Like the U.S and their ridiculous Patriot laws.
Just sayin'... lmao
I like Merck toch hoe sterck as well, but my favorite has to be My Country, 'Tis of Thee
Everytime I check any post or comment includes the subject of Turkey, I also see hatred towards to Turkish people or Turkey itself
Which is the gist of İstanbul, really
Turkey's capital is Ankara, it's not as hated as İstanbul I guess so it's spared
Where did I say that
In Turkey, that would be our national anthem "Istiklal Marsi" written by Mehmet Akif Ersoy
But world is a better place without some people in it.
I'm an atheist but celebrate Christmas with the family of my girlfriend and for the average German it is about Christianity/Religion.
Someone speaking Turkish in Edirne and someone speaking Turkish in Mardin sound very different, not delve that deep at the first turn
Watch your tongue
Pretty risky to stand right next to him
I hope that the young generations will change this
Im paying the same amount for 20mbit/s download im just crying
Some of AKP voters aren’t so happy about the party but they think it’s the “lesser evil”. The die hard fans, I have no words for
TURKEY CAN IN TO EUROPE
I think he passed a very big point of no return in his constant rattling for votes.
(pls no crisis with French their dishes are hard to cook)
A roman salute
I am pretty sure Pele speaks portugese.
*There isn't another respected object among people like fortune*
Out of politics, maybe the best
I’ve been in this city/this town, etc
The far reaching decree also covers stricter rules on drinking, gambling, the vague and emphatic “going to places that would ruin your reputation”, as well as “excessive spending”, all while off duty
Wish it was available in my country also
And we use Microsoft Teams
Didn't they fuck their way to the top, and stop fucking anyone else so nobody could join them?
The wikipedia article about upcoming referandum is very detailed there is a list of changes there.
Apparently Bill Clinton thinks they did that so Serbs can "remove kebab" without obstruction.
I mean we can also talk about Crete Salonica Rodop etc.
Guzum hırkanı giy de üşütmen
Absoluetly true, in turkey you can't leave your home(rich peoples aside) without educating the university because everything is so expensive, you need a good job to buy yourself a house, car etc
There are some tunnels that just a few locals know about
Even our ministry of religion send their condolences
at least with reperations
Janniseries and devsirme was abolished years before your sorry balkan league and devsirme was long dead even before that because Janniseries were going out of control and Sultan didn't want it to get any bigger.
Now i imagine them speaking in scottish accent
English: A thing
His seat should be respected as a president.
Which seems pretty satisfactory to some people who don't really understand what happens when the police is allowed to punish public enemies without trial.
Like almost all of them have 8-9 brothers or sisters.
What
70s was Anatolian Rock which I personally consider to be the golden age of Turkish music, especially the psychedelic pieces:
where tf is turkey
220
Smh
We all come from the same place
Whenever EU is bad with us, Erdoğan uses it like "imperialist colonialists don't like it when we don't obey them" and such rhetoric works magic on the whole nation
I was dreaded by the thought of doing this, thanks
I really can not understand American neo-nazis
That is also why many of us want to move elsewhere.
Yes
Kar means snow
majority of my relatives (nearly all of them) vote for mhp and they are not religious at all.
Fake news
All the names of the Turk rulers’ names
Same as a father did this to his family
I would rather not talk about it.
Ignorance is cureable you know
You're right on what Erdoğan's trying to do but he's not the only asshole on the table.
Then you have the popular media predominantly in American English so you pick up lots of things from there as well
But at Makkah, there are cops everywhere and no one is messing with you
I went to Ephesus again recently and for me the main attraction now are the terrace houses, not the theatre, agora or library.
Not central Anatolia but Aegean and Mediterranean parts did celebrate him for a long time.
Do you belive that the processes in Ukraine is democratic?
there are 2 options: meat and chicken (maybe more but i only know these)
I made up some rules for my playlist
You can also check out [eksisozluk] People are talking about emails there.
Even Australia make it FeelsBadMan.jpg
Pls save me sos
Damn shame
I think atleast 85% of population support secular state but not all of them are kemalist .
Wow, awesome
Government said "They are our people, release them
Why do people act like Turkey conducting a millitary operation in Syria is such crazy news when more or less everyone did it
Karapınar is formally considered a desert.
but memes just like stereotypes are based on truths
It used to snow way more back in the day , blame climate change I guess ...
I am neutral on subject of Kurds deserving their own state
> This system isn't exactly popular
Oh im really sad that they act like that
They often participate in combat excercises with Azerbaijani pilots
Someone speaking Turkish in Edirne and someone speaking Turkish in Mardin sound very different, not delve that deep at the first turn
Oh, FFS, Kilicdaroglu can eat a bowl of dicks.
While not Japan or California in terms of seismic activity the Mediterranean region does get quakes
Although the situation is slightly different, the way Turkey and Hungary handled the artifact situation was pretty examplary I'd say
But never heard about comics
Greeks have a right to education in native language in Turkey together with other two Lausanne-recognized minorities, Armenians and Jews.
But it has nothing that makes you feel like you are living Istanbul
We will lend any support,” Kılıçdaroğlu told a rally in the southern province of Adana on March 12.
ankara: kickass mayor
Most of the clerics in turkey support isis.
Payitaht Abdülhamit (one of last and significant ottoman sultan)
Geez, that's why we call Medieval Period "Dark Ages".
Lithuanian pagan rule did have much influence on the tradition of tolerance, however the fact that PLC was largely diverse, both ethnically and religiously did helped create "incentive", also the fact that religious wars were very destructive in HRE right next door.
>Villagers of Ioannina City
This one is not universal unfortunately
I never talked about the two in the article.
They're too proud of themselves for my taste but it's a good place overall
Most cold weather in Istanbul comes from the direction of the Balkans.
That's why they should do a real coup for once.
Jeez dude calm down
Solution to economy was money laundering, not related to any of this events
Turns out exploiting other continents makes yours richer
It was heartbreaking
You are grasping at some straws here
Aren't all beaches topless beaches?
It's true, but the government's standing is more complex than that
It’s a normal reaction
they blame all Syrians for their actions.
I wish you could send her over to us when you're done, like a retiring football player
im so sorry
We also have had Diyanet since Ataturk days, though that's actually a good thing.
Yeah, that's pretty accurate for Turkey
Germany (our ally from WWI)
Doğan media anchorman fired after announcing he will vote “No” in presidential referendum
Germany lost
There are definitely a lot of propoganda that say European countries are bad.
A better way to think about it is the choices you make in constructing a new public building
Hungarian, Russian, Arabic, Persian, Japanese, French, Swedish, Korean, you name it.
Did they declare a state in North Syria
sen yanmazsan ben yanmazsam nasıl çıkar karanlıklar aydınlığa?
Of course not, but the problem is Europe supports a racist, ultra nationalist person agains to Putin
Oh no, Baba means dad in Turkish.
I think the commentor is emotional in this one and only look at bad things, therefore didin't mention why thr coup happened
Though Biden might make our lives considerably harder, the problem starts at the top of our own country and that's exactly what needs to change
A good writer might be able to write the best GTA game in Istanbul, and I played all the GTA games over and over again
I wondered whether a Chinese person share the same impression, but in a opposite way
Nations' culture is always ruined by religions because of their strict rules.
The Europeans might as well have called any other Turkish dynasty in history "Turkey", but that would do unjustice to the fact that almost all Turkic states in world history were dominated by one royal house.
While that may be weird, shitting on other members who have legit reasons to be there sounds a bit butthurt.
That is, if I don't have to wake up too early
While not Japan or California in terms of seismic activity the Mediterranean region does get quakes
This is why there are more jews in Turkey than any other muslim majority country
ASML is well-known to Turkish engineers
And yes, after he said that some Erdoğan supporters could believe that but it is nothing more than 'Germany bad', actually
* geldi (S/He came, I know it for sure
That is not true.Unlike other countries in the region Turkey has a very big young population and a stable birth rate.3 million people who can't speak Turkish won't benefit Turkish economy because we already have enough labour and workers.
Unlike many people think, it is "İstanbul", not "Istanbul".
Islamic teaching is just the cherry on top.
Some of the new generation dream of going back to those times also because the future looks really bleak
They try to make it more attractive by adding cheap plaster ormanents, golden color additions, unnecessary LEDs etc
The two cities are just unique, each a package of different things
"E yani" would translate to English imperfectly as "well more or less
Or do like contracts and newspapers and put the expansion in parentheses.
This is normal thing to learn
They printed posters that say things like "we will ban headscarf" and put CHP's symbol on them
There is no such thing as ethnically Turkish,unless maybe you look like a slented eyed central Asian.People you think that are Turkish can be combination of Bosniak/Albanian/Greek/Serb/Persian/Arabic/Georgian/Kurdish/Abhazak etc.
Oh, taxi drivers in Turkey
sadly nothing
Turkey could use some of that right meow.
That battle and oppresion of Chinese caused Turks to have better relationship with Muslims and we became Muslims mainly thanks to that battle
I listened his speech a couple of times and I actually like him quite a lot.
Whataboutism
It does not include Kurdistan
My heart wishes I was able to answer "horse archers" but sadly that isn't what it is
*triggered as a turkish person*
Any citizen with connection to government is spending our taxes as in their private life
You know mate its the jedi way
>Same with people who believes there's a magic skydaddy who thinks it's wrong to masturbate or that women are of less worth than men
Also [lakerda] which I put here just because I like it, and [imambayıldı] which I could eat every day
How can i buy gsm simcard in Italy
There's Ülker Halley, Biskrem, 9 Kat Tat.
They don't know not everything in US applies to everyone else
Erdoğan still can't do shit about it.
Fun fact: Ottoman emperors hardly had any Turkish blood
like
It is not possible to make an objective list like this but here are three songs I personally love and would like to promote as good Turkish music
Show who pays the most
PS: today we use the word "devlet" as "state". So insead of the word "fortune", you can switch it with "state". It gives more depth to the poem as Süleyman was a statesman
ISP is Doping ADSL (is a very shitty ISP)
Whats going on in Thailand, must have missed it
>Finland is quite a militarized country when compared to other western countries:
Try living in 40 degrees
**Block it by turning sideways
Because identity > genetics
one of my favorites
(Do you lack Dignity
It became a well known brand through the years, and finally his name has become as popular as "döner".
i could read and write but speaking
Almost all university departments, with the notable exception of literature, foreign languages, history and philosophy, put 30-40% weight on maths and advanced maths score in the university entrance exams.
Islamic Caliphate(s) controlled larger areas than Ottomans and converted many regions like Persia, Egypt and Transoxiana/Central Asia.
I suppose there weren't going to be many jobs in biotech in Turkey anyway, but if this is a sign of things to come, or indicative of what has already happened to science education when I wasn't paying attention, poor people will become even more trapped then they were before.
It really is lol
Also Arabs had rebelled; our muslim brothers stabbed us in the back.
Didn't know Scots were solid Orthodoxs.
Do not listen to propaganda
I live in İstanbul so I never experienced extreme cold like that here, even though sometimes there's thick snowcover here, it's very rarely colder than -5°.
Never heard of it
First of all, you can clearly see that the cook didn't even blend the pasta with the sauce.
Nobody would beat anyone for abducting people lol
Most of the time, one of it is one of your dads parent's name and other one is the name that your mom wants
She was put into medical care multiple times
im looking turkish it shows 93
Because I'm sure as hell that we're one of the most hated nations of the world
Convert to Islam, pledge loyalty to Erdoğan and you may even become a minister.
I would like to thank Greece for always being there for a light hearted tease
it seems awesome, kinda peace/anti war propaganda
Instutional religion is cancer.
For several decades, the state suppressed Islamism, or rather anything it perceived as Islamism: For example, for a long while it was illegal to wear a headscarf in any education institution (including universities) or in state departments.
It's difficult to see any hatred word or insult by Turks to the 'Kurds' (not terror groups) since the operation has begun, unless we are insulted
It's always apartments and shops below them.
Probably sit with Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and definitely cook with them
If anyone got a source claiming either way it'd be a good read.
Also claiming that Clinton won if US only decided with popular vote is stupid, since there are a lot of republicans in highly blue and red states that did not vote too.
Let's make one representing Nigeria and use a blonde woman with blue eyes instead, how about that
On the other hand WW2  was just a few paragraphs on books unless you take an advanced history class
I expected a normal city and found just that, but for what it is I do like it
Tacos
heh
Vienna = Viyana
Because there must be some fucking reasons to ignore the reality of a terrorist group right
Before the last election, they were the only party that even mentioned LGBT rights, they also talked a lot about environmental issues.
Even though I got desensitized for turkey puns over the time, this was still funny.
Fransız kalmak means to be left french
sosis=sausage
It fights wars, sells guns, makes money
I don't know much about it's history but noth names are used interchangeably by the locals.
That could explain why it was a mess/lacked execution.
Wow, you even drew Liechtenstein
Our showers were being renovated and were unfinished.
I am looking forward for it
These kids've got a long time comsumed by work ahead of their life already
Food there is still choice
Didn't think I was
Without him, erdogan wouldnt be in power right now.
Can't wait to live in a crazy dictatorship.
While we are majority Muslim, we are a secular country with no actual restrictions on alcohol, and many Muslims, especially in the western areas are not very religious and don’t have a problem with drinking
No need for unification talks anymore
If you say so my man, Gruzija uber alles.
Also there are closets in every class in elementary school
If he falls on his right for some reason he can kill those 2 old people there
Not common
It is easier to like someone when you don't live under him.
If they don’t, there should be repeat elections and banning that party to be in government
Such as attacking a militia that's literally designated as a terrorist organization in dozens of states, including yours
Apparently he called a repairman and found out he makes more than my doctor
Thank you man best for me is work hard and immigrate
WHY NO ONE IS WEARING MASKS THOUGH
Good choice buy maybe after this pandemic would be better
Damn that proposed one is ugly.
I think it's called "Head Of State" instead of president.
Correct, but that's something a lot of people know about
It's famous for It's delicious tea and lush green mountains
Really ? isn't "kinder" means children in German ?
Hopefully, more to come
Mal cok bosver aw
Mentioning well documented atrocities against Turkish and Kurdish civilians by Armenian militias together with the Russian army isn't historical revisionism or genocide denial.
Beaches are windy in other seasons but in summer, you can truly enjoy it
Ayak yolu = Foot path (perhaps related to nature calls)
They got Crimea and secured their port
It didn't happen/ they deserved it
Like Serbs, Croats, Russians, Ukrainians, Poles, Germans, Brits, French, ...
5 L water for 0
Yeah changes in the britain and france is soo big i didnt notice others because of it
You probably know how it turned out once AKP took power.
Sword and drum machine also originate in Turkey
None of the reddit users have the credibility, knowledge and expertise in this area than Bernard Lewis for example
The trick they are playing on us is to think that Putin is an outsider.
Survivng almost 2000 years of that is the most impressive
And became one of the most powerful woman in the Empire
Driving to work while listening to the radio is the highlight of my day
LoL I just realized there is even CYPRUS like it floats in the ocean and there is no land between them and Europe
Balkan people aren't as dark as Western Euros think
I think I would have hard times to guess
The word is still "Bulgar" in Turkish so I got it mixed up.
I'd say it sounds Russian if we are talking about politics.
- Abdulhamid II
Don't listen to other two they are lying, it's desert in whole country east of Istanbul here.
If I am not mistaken during the soviet are the Russian Olympic team wore these track suits however since there was no addidas shops in USSR getting one of these track suits was a big deal.
Jacob is Yakup, David is Davut and Michael is Mikail
Philadelphia is the old name of Alaşehir
There was snow in Thessaly, Greece yesterday
Get a new supreme court
This is all Erdogan's knowledge of anthropology:Arabs live in the desert, Kurds live in the mountains
Turkey won the battles against Pkk long ago within its borders and its done deal
Really, what would be the price of flag +shipping +your profit to send here?
It could only be destroyed with education.Shia and Sunni divide is more political but they have different practises.We are all Muslims we shouldn't harm any Muslims(We shouldn't harm anyone) thats why dividing Muslims and attacking other religous groups are bad(Secularism is the solution).
Here is approx
You tell us, you're our rape babies after all.
I say that about anything else
If Ottomans were anything near ISIS nobody would even remember you guys today.
I thought it was a painting until i read the comments :c
And by nature stupid posts are supposed to be at the bottom
I had a friend from Mali who didn’t speak Turkish well so we mostly spoke English
[All Danes are filthy Nazis too!!] They even ride bicycles like the Dutch, can't be a coincidence!!!
mouseleum of halicarnassus
This makes it seem like Istanbul doesn't have many people lol
And some series about Turkish war of independence
And their neoliberal policies were held by ANAP aswell
Özrnz kbl edlmştr
Their minds still living in the east .Also majority of turkish immigrants doesn't even vote .
From Istanbul to all Europe, just by a train
The Americans over at /r/self said I got the bad kind.
when you guys outraged by ISIS using suicide bombers and you guys supported your armies bombing ISIS hideouts
Human life, minimum wage, cost of basic living
Sounds straight out of a sitcom
Georgia and armenia are very poor countries.economically they cant join until 2100, politically join 2050 but religionally they can join tomorrow.armenia and azerbaycan at war right now.
10-15% is enough for someone who doesn't care what the people thinks, especially with U.S support.
Those violent idiots cause lots of social problems in Turkey.
Sumer
None are complete successors to the Ottoman Empire
Also how when they find out that everything on the left is not Socialism
I'm not sure ""journalists"" on Yeni akit can read.
Where-er-you
And we have that statistic where exactly
Hey, it works when you actually have superior firepower and more experienced crew that can fire more frequently!
armenian genocide is completely irrelevant with the cyprus issue and you know it.
>do many Turkish men wish they were not circumcised
Villages already look dead to me
I juts know my country's anthem and also know Azerbaijan's anthem little bit if it counts too
The 51st-54th states, just how the Queen desired it
I don’t know about why Turkey is main negotiator but I can guess as Greek side sees this as invasion and any other country other than Turkey doesn’t recognise this state
Nice
Well, we don't celebrate Christmas anyways
&#x200B;
Ours is much harder, begins with "Bir varmış bir yokmuş. Evvel zaman içinde kalbur zaman içinde, pireler berber iken, develer tellal iken, ben anamın beşiğini tıngır mıngır sallar iken
I would prefer if a party I considered voting for did not use government vehicles that my taxes pay for to transfer weapons for terrorists or not to attend wakes of suicide bombers who blow themselves up next to metro exits (Especially when the specific exit is the one that I intend to get off at).
You can make the language sound like 4-5 years old
823 Euro per German
What is "patently untrue" is that poor countries keep accurate population records.
Since Greece and Turkey protector of each state, I meant approval as just to sign, agree it whatever it comes out
Fuck those people who spent decades researching the archives and compiling contemporary sources, what do they even know?
England, Netherlands, German minors, Italian Minors
but it wasn't significant enough to disturb the majority (it was actually liked by the religious rural population and urban lower working-class whose interests were often undermined by the secular governments of the past) and he had the support of businessmen who were pretty content because of the good state of the economy
Shit's depressing
But in rural areas like the black sea region(especially the northeastern part), southeastern Turkey etc
We can't translate **the**: "It doesn't have a meaning" is said to beginners
Usually, children from all over the world would come in groups, visit the city, usually stay with a local family, hold parades and stay for a couple of days, etc
It wouldn't be a surprise for me to live until 150 at 2121
Lakerda has to wait a few weeks (minimum) before being eaten
[Duman - Senden Daha Güzel]
21st century and the inexplicable urge to use "post" everything.
We have a nazar themed decoration on our wall at home and it's mostly there to look pretty
I think you have a problem with maple syrup...
has a few pictures with stones in their hands.
Thank you
Honestly, they should re-unite in my opinion, but that seems to be a pipe dream in the near future
And if it's summer, it's just too hot to go outside
How many generations have to pass so it becomes OK?
too much action happening in a short period of time
And here I pay 145 Turkish liras for 3 mbps download
Right now, getting rid of Erdoğan and his sycophants is the first priority
That moment when you are so butthurt that you cannot think of anything else.
As you can see there are some grey countries on the map without any data
At least our most popular political leader isn't campaigning for ethnic cleansing.
Does that make me a good person
Do you even know what you are talking about?
Turkey has already spent at least 3 times the money the EU has pledged, probably more like 6-7 times.
They are just trying to feel more comfortable by putting you in a dangerous situation
"Cold winds from the Caucasus results in below-freezing temperatures"
Economy dropped since that terrorist fucker got out of the country
Though, Turkey is sooo genetically diverse that this should not be possible
Hi, recently I am making a playlist from rock/metal music from different countries
In summary, I think Amsterdam became first a very important city and then the capital because the Dutch lost Antwerp during 80 Years' War
Hababam Sınıfı series is excellent, as well as other films by the same group of actors such as [Neşeli Günler] and [Tosun Paşa]
Also "the place where dog dies" (itin oldugu yer)
109 Milyar
“Fanta” also referred as yellow cola
Okay added you, I'm xXxOpticZzSepirothxXx I'm a member of optic ur fucked bro
Ayran, yogurt water with salt basically but tasty really good with chicken meals or doner
I had to google it
*Damn, you're ugly*
We have "Çorba" too
Gilette: *"Jilet"* - Razor
“Araba maraba alsaydınız keşke” I wish you could have bought vehicle something like car(etc
It looks like France is answering its neighbors lol
Well, half(actually more like 60%) of it is in Thrace
My mother threw them all away because she thought it was just garbage
My initial plan is to put one per country it would be really crowded anyways because it won't be limited with Europe, but there will be a lot of replacements when I found better song from a country
My dad was so affected by some of them when I was a kid that he would talk about them nonstop
I think this statistical research is about whether or not the 39% have read an entire book/novel rather than have you ever read something.
But I don't think any one of us deny that our countrymen are xenophobic and backwards people.
Meh, better to keep the borders closed so the people rise up and fight instead of fleeing.
Can confirm
Pronunciation: Sin-job, words in english is the closes you can get as pronunciation in Turkish
You can name whatever you want
Well, i don't really have any numbers to back it up right now to be honest, but with a little digging im sure we could find some
I never saw it referred to as just Pfizer
oh boy
For example he started nationalising our military equipment and we can definitely keep that and start building over it
Got a question then, I'm aware of two theories about their origins
If I have the ability to experience something as it should be, I do
When Israel encompasses more arab land and people their share goes down.
So you're the token minority they can point at like a zoo animal and say: "see we're not bigots!".
idk
Those are things I hate especially the CCP but Trump then talks incredibly tough but does a worse job than Obama
Sivrisinek (Mosquito) = Sharp fly
Some can argue the opposite bloc is more deserving or rather equally deserving the same criticism
Lol not all of them are from a single country
Also I don't like stretching the country's history so far into Huns
60  book from Turkish literature, 30 from foreign literature, 10 others and theaters
To be honest, speaking standard Turkish is tiring
I am looking forward for it
This case led to the coup attempt in July (Im simplifying).
Looks like Ottoman Empire coming back soon.
Is the AfD really a threat if it never goes higher than 13%?
Cats aren't pests, they are pest control.
It is and actual independent country for me and you whether your country recognise it or not
Before that the Ottoman garrison thought it was a good idea to keep all the gunpowder near the historical inner gate of Acropolis.
The hypocrisy part is negligible of the incident
Wow,spicy
For example Elma in Turkish and Alma in Hungarian
All bow before the prophet
Turkish in general applies to this as it is very different from European languages
Antalya (in Turkey), I'm planning on cycling there
I can see poor Balkan countries on the bottom, or countries like Norway because of extreme weathers but Belgium is rich, small (comparatively) and climate conditions are also ok
But Erdogan’s forced Islam changed this a lot
They don't know what uncircumcised dicks look like, neither did I for a very long while
To make up for all this pre-Turkish achievements, modern Turkey has more skyscrapers than all Europe combined except Russia
His motives were clear as day from day one.
propaganda is forbidden here, 3.
yeah that sentence of you defining kebab made me puke
Or maybe it's the kUrDiSh GeNoCiDe
Now case’s statue changed to murder
> And no, misinforming the public and willingly lying are not ok things to do and again, referendums have been remade for less
It was an old high school as well
Yaşasın ırkımız
Big sad
Yes, you have that right
Wait is this real
Very sorry, just joking
we callt hem tost
14 = on dört
Even though they earn there and spend it here they say that Turkey is heaven and germany is hell
The most popular ones: Kaan/Kağan (means ruler, also referred as Khan in English) , Mete, Teoman, Oğuz (ancestors of Turkish Turks), Alparslan, Atilla (Attila, you all know who), Batuhan etc
But in act, we are not even secular as much as theocratic UK since 1981
Some of the voters voted more than one and they burned some votes  (at least i think) but yeah hope he will be gone
>And lastly how is foreskin generally viewed in Turkey and what do people think of uncut dicks
> Anyway what I am saying is whrn the identification is natural its okay, but not when its enforced by others other countries trying to change our identities for their own gains
If Turkey joins Ursa Minor, roughly 13% of the entire population of Ursa Minor will be Muslim.
ANF is PKK mouthpiece though calling them journalists is basically insult to journalism.
If other countries got back on their feet and/or did better and not you, stop talking about second and third parties and focus on what YOU have been doing wrong
[More]
Keep in mind that the survey gave the option "Yes, but with reforms".
And I have been to many, many cities around the world
How conveniently it includes Cyprus
southern cyprus for obvious reasons
they are gonna drag your ass lmao
Asking about someone's earnings is even worse
I remembered wrong, it's a 5 year term and max 2 term limit.
ananı klavyemin üstünde sikerken paintte yarak resmi cizip kız kardeşine gönderirim
I think we share this sentiment with most Balkan countries: stray dogs are not seen as problems
By my logics everywhere, where a Armenian church is, was most probably also a Armenian village or at least a Armenian community
At least we had a little democracy back then
He already had a huge Instagram following, but has really caused a lot of commotion over the weekend.
I would say Kurdish
Though homeopathy, conspiracies, metaphysics and the occult are very popular here
Wow forza horizon 4 is a reality
is it normal
There are bureaucrats and villagers holding a sign saying "this is how we earned the republic," as a tribute to hardships beared by villagers during WW1 and the Greco-Turkish War
Hey I ride a bike in Istanbul, and I don't feel like people are trying to kill me, at least, not compared to when I was biking in Chicago
I’m so confused
Secular movements for Palestinian rights have been diluted by Islamism, same as Kashmiri rights in India and Caucasus peoples rights in Russia
Parona IT
My hometown is near to Cyprus close enough to see the silhouettes of the mountains
How cost 5gb for one mont data plan.
I don't think it's a necessity
Except with enlightenment Europe did argue with religion -and won.
There's a great journalist, Hrant Dink, who summed it up best in my opinion
106 Milyon
Man, can you drop the Australian subject please
Light green should be exist in good chunk of the eastern Turkey
Black clothing + running people over seems very ISIS
it actually broke my heart to see people who justify this attack.
Mate, I want to live in Northern countries because I love cold and dark weathers
We aren't really that close to either, but you're just trying to make us closer to you Kurds.
You are there to eat meat not bread.
Check a few replies below
When English claim they know how to drink tea.
Whether you’re at bus stop, train or even a random queue
The mindset
It was perhaps because they came from rural parts where they didn't have as many options as in Istanbul and they went to Europe mostly as manual labourers with no education
He is loved by one third, respected by one third and hated by one third.
They have right to decide their own fate...
Simpler times
I just copied it from Wikipedia and assumed it was correct
We will never forget them
Fun fact, Okey is invented when card games were banned in coffee shops
Also, illumination during the morning increasing the electricty bills
\- It would be great if the song involve a national instrument (optional)
Nah they will keep charging us domestic tourists crazy amounts because they are spineless assholes and because they can
Don't worry, even I forgot that when I first looked at the map.
If you pour water (on the ground
Congratulations
Let's make one representing Nigeria and use a blonde woman with blue eyes instead, how about that
Nah we make a lot of dark jokes about them but i guess we like germans in a way
Ofc they are joining the army for money because he can't find job elsewhere
" so nazis released and we gave turkish pasaports to them
However, talking with older generation, you can use dialect(accent)
Latin America
However, as someone with family from Selanik I very well know that the story is two sided and no it does not get personal when I visit Greece
The difference is whether or not the adult you are living with owns their own house or not - if they don’t and pay rent then they probably could do with a little extra rent money to keep them going
Most people are muslim on paper or just believe but doesn't practice
That's what dictators are about
If you're displeased I suggest you to create your own sub something like r/realeurope and hang out there.
So he is comparing latitudes?It seems like he is comparing the sizes(Or am i wrong?).
That sound confused me for a while
Medical student here, can confirm
Its an uneven fight similar to the last elections that were democratic on paper but not really fair.
You think we actually vote for him
What the fuck does VW care if Erdoğan is fucking over secular people if they keep buying the new Golf?
He was brutal against non-Turkish minorities even if they were Ottoman subjects such as the Pontic Greeks and that is often forgotten.
He's saying that there are justifications for said speculations.
Pardus(Operating System)
no country is %100 capitalist either
Turkiye is in the middle of everything.
" They have a very very little island (you cant see it on the map without a zoom) standing around Antalya
Not just seniors
5A-R
Rum means Greeks living outside of Greece in Turkish.Rumlar is pulural of Rum(Translates to Rums).
Blame the foundations of your country, not some random citizen who thought electing Trump could be a better choice
, and you can pay with your CC
[Edit: [Video of her
Phonecia
I mean I've heard how slow it is but I didn't EXPECT this much
u/AllinWaker Very interesting questions, thanks
Now Erdogan will use this as an excuse to increase the length of the state of emergency and If anyone opposes it he will simply tell them '' Look at France '' .
How does that work?(Also thanks for the help)
As a turk whos been in europe for a few months for uni: yep.
Population is not that skewed towards the Asian side.
There have been various reports of previous freezes but there are centuries, or even millennia in between and some might not have been complete freezes, reliability of older stories is suspect.
If I were to move to another country I wouldn't even consider any place that I don't know the language of
Also US routinely [disrupts and interrupts]#v=onepage&q&f=false) Cuban trade deals with third parties, so it's not just the US's own embargo.
A 21-speed folding bike, 3
You can't call yourself great power if you didn't invade Poland once.
So other worldly
it's been like this for months now, he hasn't cut the internet yet
Just approve what Cypriots agreed on and make it official
I am a cat person,Turkey is very well knows with all animals really, but specifically with cats
Welcome to the club komşu
If the Catalonians can kill more Madrdians then they will have true independence
you're going to have to organize and militarize
Don't worry Britain at least you didn't vote to make your president a dictator
LOL, how many days has it been?
Unlike many people think, it is "İstanbul", not "Istanbul".
Well, I like them in Turkish
Even the lady looks like statue in Greece.
turkey citisens: "hold my beer"
Also these people also create their opposite, and cause normal Turks to be discriminated.
I'm currently studying in university but I'm thinking about moving to another country when I graduate.
It is good that reddit is not popular in Turkey.
You can find erdogan lovers on the internet easily
in 2008, i was 13 back then
I see some cold front hitting in around a week
I believe our internet will turn to normal when this guy is gone
Cats I guess, I am more of a reptilian guy
Tabi update’lenmemiş olma ihtimali fazla
I always saw them as the most civilized nation that borders my country Turkey
(To be honest you should've researched better
So the reaction you get for telling that you are an atheist really depends on where you are
Instead of pushing to Vienna, we should have pushed for North (above Crimea) and seal the deal with the Cental Asian steppes where already Turkic people lived for centuries
In Turkey, those lowlife leaders still think they are a good thing that makes Turkey a civilised country
Im not a far right supporter or anything but Turkey is the continuation of the Empire we paid the Ottoman debts and most of the people who formed the republic was from Ottoman traditions and education
Built tram line
They get a cut on every purchase + they get to lend you money
) which is a country that has even more secular (?) population as far as I know
And before you bring up Australia again, no they’re not European by this definiton
Justinien wanted a dome on three columns instead of four because holy trinity and all that, but there's a reason you don't put a huge dome over three feet.
She was later rescued but her family members were still trapped and unresponsive
How in hell did she hold herself back from the terlik, I get how she's a guest but I mean the terlik is pretty much a reflex
Or maybe you're making a generalisation of an entire nation based on two people
I personally face (especially from my family) reactions like tongue-clicking too
I mean it's really stupid so it's likely true
You can see it on buildings or on people, most often children
Americans are known for having borderline retarded knowledge of our history so excuse me if I don't take you seriously.
Wait until his second term limit is close.
Probably due to there being no confirmed cases of the coronavirus
It might be to protect them tho
Also "the place where dog dies" (itin oldugu yer)
aren't your tanks being opened up like tomato cans in Syria?
At the end we all get hungry which my grandma hates someone cooks for her so she would prepare the meal early in the morning
These are rookie numbers
Why is that irrelevant, anyway
google search: seyma subasi
How do you know that it is not also my country as well but I'm only able to maintain one flair at a time?
Also it's not quite so foreign but slightly relevant, I saw a San Marino license plate in Bulgaria (in Varna iirc)
(maybe in some weird psychoanalytical way, because I was afraid of being bullied so much when I was a kid, I somehow identified myself with the Romans who consistently got punched out of their sandals and were terrified by the sight of the Gauls, and adopted the sandal as a part of my meek identity)
You can buy this because of Turkish Lira losing value
Not every western person has these thoughts.
But these are all free public universities and private universities like Koç, Sabancı and Bilkent are decent in most fields since they provide more opportunities than public schools most of the time
I didnt count Americans when spit out "westerners" because of I guess an ordinary american have no clue what is going on in Turkey
With the current birthrate of Turkish immigrants it will only take 30-40 years before Austria becomes a Turkish majority country /s
Considering we lived under the same government (no, I do not consider the Ottoman Empire as Turks in the way modern Turkish people are) in the same geography, there clearly is a shared culture, not to mention our phenotypes being virtually identical
My parents are academics, and I have a Turkish name, and I am grateful for it
>Viikate - Pohjoista Viljaa
Turkish:
We must read your book about how to forge a country
Wow that is awesome dude
This is how I am going to die
Thanks
Geez, that must've been embarrassing as fuck
I write it without a line though
Have they finally started to crack down on genocidal pseudo-jokes?
Poor Europeans will become Vassal states because their minorities are allowed to vote free.
I'm surprised İstanbul isn't yellow - Ankara I know is a bureaucrat city and thusly has very high educational attainment, but I'd have thought that most istanbullu at least finished high school
He got 52% of votes in Presidential elections.That might sound great but Opposition had a very shity candidate and the election happened at a time when most middle-high class Turks were on vacation.(for example only 74% of the voters voted in Presidential election but 85% voted on general election).
New haircut style
Everybody's' ancestors came from somewhere else, they were born in Europe and they are majority in some parts of Europe.
I am Turkish so I don't really follow German politics but last week Cem Ozdemir made an interview with a Turkish journalist and I listened about the situation from him
Also, I wouldn’t be too afraid to go out as a woman
I'm a bit of an exception since 1.
We call it Futbol, as you can see, so I don't know why they translated like that.
You can't stop them but take precautions
In short, I'm just pissed that my tax-money is being spent on some mosques
lol i can't stop laughing ahahaha
When you forgot something to say but you know what it is but can’t say it because you can’t thing of the word — “It is on top of my tongue” -not only mothers but universal”
There is a reason populism is very big right now in UK, US, and Europe.
An example of what was done to Kurds in Turkey is what happened in [Diyarbakır prison
Yoğurt - Greece
We don't have anything against germans but generaly we don't like the Turks in Germany
Sultan abdulaziz who is the first sultan to ever visit a country abroad had a special compartment in his shoes and they put soil from istanbul in it
**The todays part of the map**
Then I guess I have to flee somewhere they can't find me, any ideas
There's also the issue of cultural hybridisation, by the way
Wait you guys don't like the first two parts
Turkish one is wrongly translated , how i become a big man means how do i become a succesful man
Mm, yes
Varies, mostly **α.**
tbh, its hard to survive here for 1k years
thats old
I also don't want a coup but an organized people's movement not created by, but joined by the army would be great.
heheh
it's been 587 episodes
I hope he will lose elections
He likes to grab other parts of the women not their hands.
The rebel pockets will most likely closed though by negotiations inexcheange of their safe passage to idlib.
Or a father committing suicide because he could not buy new pants for his child
1917 had nothing with this nonsense
If the CB was bound to Erdoğan they'd never have done it.
&#x200B;
Who are you to say that it's bad or terrorism?
You forgot to mention they are a state propaganda channel
Mete Khan
The Quran does not explicitly mention any worldly punishment for blasphemy (sabb allah or sabb al-rasul).
Romania and Crazy Carol II life style
A lot of Turkish women wear hijab
Even during the allotted speech time on TRT (national broadcaster) during the election season all the party head talked about was how lower taxes and pulling yourself up by the bootstraps is better.
Almost whole Europe uses the Latin alphabet, like Turkey, and most of countries doesn't have a neighbour with a different alphabet in Europe, yet we have 7 countries with 7 different
We have "Alman usulü" (the German way) for splitting the bill, and "Çingene düğünü" (Gypsy wedding) to refer to a loud crowd of people
I think black is more popular but green is popular as well
Fairly accurate
Yeah i know pal
Lol sounds gangsta
I was actually going to play as Byzantium and restore the roman empire but felt like this might have been a bit overwhelming on my first ever play of a genre I never played before (Stellaris is 4x too but you will quickly realise their only similarity is being 4x.)
I know which sub I'll be redirected, but I wonder more about the personal opinions of people, so here is better.
Don’t shop in Every Souvenir Store (Don’t but anything in first souvenir store you see because you might end up getting Chinese ones which there are at same price as local shops with nice hand carving or handmades)
Instead of being like high nose, never happy you know from where* people
What you are asking is a political suicide.
Welcome to the Balkans where everyone is invader and yet defender
Yes, that's idiotic
Im not a far right supporter or anything but Turkey is the continuation of the Empire we paid the Ottoman debts and most of the people who formed the republic was from Ottoman traditions and education
How much of you are going for hunting party witchunters of Ireland
Lütfen gibtir
I wish Erdo was little more comical but he is just cringy with his cat moustache
While this is going on creating around 1150km long fully controled area by terrorist at Turkey's Border, you can't make Turkey(or any country) to shut about it
It is complicated.) Root of the problem is not solved yet our politicians are pushing the problem under the rug, repeatedly.
Not as far as Australia though, before you bring it up again
That's horrible in winters, especially if you live in the western parts of the country
AFAIK even though siktir is associated with Turkey and is a Turkish word it is also widely used in the Balkans and Transcaucasia
Rule 1: Do not use anything that you learnt from Turks
Sikildim = I got fucked
For the non-Turkish here, some of these marches are the anthems of the current oppressive islamist regime in Turkey, which like to show the ottoman culture as if it's the ancestral culture of Turkey, paving the way to a monarchic regime in the future
Pirate parties usually promise protection of data, uncensored and free internet and surveying the government on their doings
I dont know
It is a really fucked up chain of events
It tells us how a nation succeeds
"-oğlu" means "son of ..."
And when it comes to Christianty, we saw how Chatolics sacked the İstanbul
Isn't it funny though
Such a beautiful country, beautiful people.
I will go there again as soon as I can
Brilliant
Jokes aside, it really depends on where you are
*Olmaya baht u saadet dünyâda vahdet gibi*
I am guessing Greece and Turkey’s answer would Cyprus if we don’t consider water as a border
It's like one of them Assassin's Creed game loading screen
Hey guys, is this room private
Georgia looks like Weeknd’s hair in his early years
i call bullshit
Other languages which are spoken as native languages by minorities in Turkey are Azeri, Turkoman, Karapapak, Bosniak, Bulgarian, Greek, Aramean, Arab, Circassian, Georgian and Abkhazian
It is common for our family to know our neighbours
I guess Liberté, égalité, fraternité is just for show.
Using semi-domes and small domes as support instead of just aesthetic value is part of Mimar Sinan's legacy, as well as adding height to the central dome to give interior an overwhelmingly magestic look.
It was especially towards Netherlands If I am not mistaken
Depends on the person and the place
I improved my English mostly by listening to English songs, watching movies/tv series with English subtitles, playing video games in English
You're spreading lies about people
This sanctions only help erdo
From the fucking grave
Lol India is one of the richest nation on earth lmfao
1st while controlling the seas (the Mediterranean) granting nations to use the seas in exchange for money
Great job, I love it
Would you be against conscription if your country was attacked?
Continent
*Turkey, Turkland, Turkistan*, etc
lol you're that kid who weren't even able to respond to my comment.
Ottoman vizier
Hernan Cortes
Or they just skipped it
Slovakia
Bonus: **Peyk** is not such a well known modern rock band but this [Don Kafa Don] is my favorite and I also love the video
I don't want it entering the goverment's block list like Facebook, twitter, youtube and whatsapp.
It really depends
Turkey, is up top
> it rises to god damn 15 degrees during the day
Georgia: Not a single problem
Asti FI
There ARE Turks that fit the Oriental "Brown" stereotype don't get me wrong
i think greek flag is one of the nicest among the world "komşu"(neighbour)
I am full on board
Turkey won the battles against Pkk long ago within its borders and its done deal
Turkey is a very nationalist country
Since the last year , I'm getting more and more depressive with all this crazy stuff going around us.
I just don't like posts that literally mean "Hello Europeans look how much we suck".
This is some next level butthurt holy shit.
Private: Koç Üniversitesi, Bilkent Üniversitesi, Sabancı Üniversitesi
Most of Turkish muslims can't survive a week under sharia law because they are simply too used to secular lifestyle and only do bare minimum religious activities.
Also this was a cool set piece location in John Wick 2
Now we are kind of in a limbo where we dont know what we are doing
>kebab shops are in turmoil, doners are woefully incomplete
Reasons given by some people were that they were trying to cast a protest vote and "didn't think it would actually count".
If I lived in Germany I would just turn my head away and keep living in peace
We are just celebrating new year.
If not, I don't think you can
One of them (Taşkın Yasak) was release but he disappeared 4 days ago and his family is looking for him.
Erdogan surely knows that his opponents are the strongest so far, it's all in
Vatican City: HQ of the largest pedophile organization in the world
Meh
You don't get to just keep trying until you get the result you want
And a damn fine one at that
I'd also like to recommend Kraut on YouTube not only for his Turkish Series which were truly brilliant, but also for his other stuff as well
A Greek friend visited me in Izmir.
>How do you call northeren part
Armenia occupying a foreign country territory and kill people
Goddamit and this is why I stayed at home in new year.
-We're not talking Arabic and we're not Arabs and most of the people would be mad if you say "i thought you were arab etc"
Its not banned
Because you don't have to worry about Syria, Kurds, Turks, immigrants
I didn’t think it as start of puberty but stuff about puberty is right age to start
It is seen mostly during teen and university years
And how does one join a continent socially/politically?
What a coincidence that we have the same color as Greece
you still have your windchill and rain but that's about it
A lot of countries, such as Iran, China, Turkey, Mexico, Libya, Kazakhstan also have high HDI.
From Books he recommends to who Stephen Hawking was
It makes me angry because what you guys care is not press freedom or democracy in Turkey it is losing the influence over Turkey you had.
Most of them are from Turkic rulers, mythology, eposses or nature
i think it's [Baris Manco - Donence]
Oh, now we’re reposting from top posts of Reddit
> Why does every single neighbor of ours is against us
ireland based
One fun fact I've learned recently: "I am lost" in Azeri Turkish means "I am horny" in Anatolian Turkish
thats right we understand azerbajani same nation
Erdoğan is real football player
[Kokoreç] (grilled intestines), [işkembe] (tripe) soup, [brain salad] and probably other meals involving offal
SHOTS FIRED
Usually Biontech or Pfizer-Biontech
Con meyd hiz vey tu e tavırn tru du dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut dat hi forgat dı maniy
Idk if that counts
Do you have source for your claim?
I need much more information about that subject
>doesn't mean turkey gets a pass
* Erdogan responded by saying that it sounded very exagerrated
Anana saldırdım/ i attacked your mother
Rule 2: Do not say I am bored
During my time in Poland, everytime I would walk to uni and see this little bakery that was making premium quality paczki and I would be giving it to myself as a treat
Depends on the province but in Istanbul not even adults just walk to places such as schools
Songs From '90s: Cem Karaca - Bindik Bir Alamete [Turkey]
It's not a conspiracy, there are videos of Gulen telling his supporters to infiltrate government institutions.
FYI there are 38 political party in Turkey.
* gelmiş (S/He came, I learnt it not by witnessing
Thrace and Crete: B R U H
Istanbul - Hard to pick one but my answers would be Hagia Sophia, Galata Tower or Blue Mosque
Yes, yes we do
This is just a diplomatic response.
I only assumed terrorism because of this
That hostility, the ignorance for other cultures as well as their own culture is what's foreign to this land.
Damn right
Don't*
Well, this should be fun
Where is 128 billion dollars
What you just said has nothing to do with my point.
Most Turks don't see themselves mainly as Europeans; but I am not sure if you guys would be struggling so hard to accept that Turkey is part of Europe if it wasn't a muslim majority country.
The CUP was very racially motivated and not that far from the Nazis, ideologically at least
Shah means leader,king and Padishah means king of kings(So like emperor)
It tells how Finland wasn't autonomus while it was in Sweden
Sarsina IT
"Tükeş is son of Turk, Erbakan is son of Islam, Ecevit is son of people, and am i a son of a bitch
The result is mostly unfunctional, and boring looking
They can’t even deliver that right
German and Italy because small nation into OP shit is fun
Most weird part is you are from Slovenia, you are probably aware music and songs Turks have in common with Balkans as well, but chose to ignore that.
I don't care if you refuse the evolution theory you just can't remove it from biology class.
North East of turkey is influenced by Russians , therefore Caucasian while south eastern turkey is dominated by middle eastern culture
*Malaka* in Greek means asshole, dickhead, stupid, sometimes ignorant person
That we have deserts and camels
Congrats your mission was very succesful
Europe isn't that popular among Turkish expats though.
i think we have like 300k+ in istanbul and i've only seen 5-10 refugees ever since the syrian civil war has begun.
What does Netherlands have to with anything here?
I was expecting this to pass unanimously
Silence
Hope Russia gets rid of this pseudo Tsaristic tyranny one way or the other
i’ll just quit this debate
Have you noticed that they shit white shit on dark  cars and dark shit on white cars
This is how the problems started
If you wanna see how a “Kurdistan” would look like , just look at Iran
I can understand Azerbaijani pretty well
It seems like there'll be corruption and crimes swept under the rug no matter who is chosen if we get somewhere new every 4-5 years
Take a good care of yourself, сосед!
We are at war with Islam and we should respond accordingly.
Dutch and German media is worst offenders unsurprisingly...
Why would anyone with a brain bitch slap a race that isnt even minority in the country
Everyone in the west is out to get us, they are secretly trying their best to hurt us...etc.
Suleiman the magnificent: Hey, since we are so deep into the enemy territory, why not take Vienna as well
Hope everyone is safe but unfortunately ive heard 7 deaths already :(
Did you experience those yourself?
It was as if, the traffic was a river and all of us were flowing with it, in harmony
You must be pretty stupid to put religion first before your interests
Maybe, it was more frequent in many decades before
Göz ve burun
[Turkish Precision]
It probably stems from rendez-vous, right
They are irritating and disrespectful
Freedom for dummies by Macron
Erdogan definetly against banning political parties because he knows that it will make them even stronger than before.
I don't think I can explain the difference but one day if you visited Turkey, you could see the people, situation and understand why we think like that, probably
And get accused of Turkish Cypriot genocide 50 years later
Not sure if this support stays with them
Most of the buildings in Turkey designed without sense of aesthetics
European Union dejavu
The fact that we have no gender system
It's probably hard to explain your kid why he doesn't get a present when Niko next door has tons of them.
Most of population is muslim
Thank you
Edit:But i'm sure that if Atatürk could live like 15 more yrs, then Turkey would be a paradise nowadays
China is not to be trifled with, they're basically taking over countries via infrastructure deals
definitely, one of the things I hate most about our current government is how much they like to lick ccp's ass
since not very touristic (internationally)
We only go in detail for Kadesh because thats the first ever written treaty
Ottoman vizier
FUCK
Presidential candidates only really concentrate at these swing-states
There is a quote by Atatürk about the ANZACS which i find very nice: "Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives
İnönü
and you people found a way to bash trump
We also read ancient Turkish literature in high school which is more similar to the modern Uyghur language
Tengriist Turks were very much into astronomy considering their god was literally the sky itself.
Kesik Nikola (Nikola the "Cut").
yeah I was thinking that
No it is Constantinapole huehueheuheuheu.
Indeed, most of the true jorunalists are either writing behind bars or can't get their voice heard because basically the government owns the media.
It is about 30 °C and humid but I have learned how to exist within the hotness
no need to explain
etc
There's no chance Netherlands and Germany will vote No, but the general results has an incredibly high chance of a No result.
We have both cold glaciers and sunny, relaxing beaches
Austria broke the winning streak tbh.
loneliness is an issue here
The temperature makes me energetic and joyful
Spoilers none of them exist they are actually Merkel in a different outfit.
Well guys sorry but i live in Turkey, i have to tell you something.
Squirrel
it was called *konstantiniyye* (constantinople) pre-republic times but it morphed into *istanbul* somehow.
Wrong it was an empire of one very mixed family, turks were nothing but one of  their many subjects and usually the most ignored one
I am trying to graduate from college then I’ll live somewhere else where I can be free and live a like normal human being without surrended by morons
There is even one with greek origin but as the founder of it, Alexander Efendi lived during ottomans times way after Greek independence it never become popular in Greece
ataturk himself made it very clear that he was a nationalist.
What's still so low-tech in your country that you still cannot believe how people keep doing/using it?
If you inculude all of Istanbul it is more than 15 million which is more than most balkan countries.
To fix things, we have to elect AKP out first
I agree did say the same thing during Gezi
I didn't link an article or a political view from that website, nor I did check it's name.
Adherent building according to Turkish TV
Nivala FI
And feet
Dictatorship yes probably but theocracy?
> So "Mahmudite" would probably be a good translation
Someone's gotta ask the important questions
And some series about Turkish war of independence
Those are temporary, the criticism Russia and Turkey get is constant
Bahceli happy, Erdogan happy, nobody else cared.
Right now, getting rid of Erdoğan and his sycophants is the first priority
What's the reality
We know this, thats why people are trying to leave the country as soon as possible
But in my experience, most of the people using that joke has suitable accompanying political views.
isnt far right growing in europe as a whole
(on sidewalks of main streets, my neighborhood street is still covered in thick compact ice and snow though)
USA
You just engaged in nationalism
"Seni seviyorum
Same group of allies that harbor kurdish terrorists?
Because solitude and loneliness is more valuable than comfort and warm
It was very detailed class
I am secular and I hate Europe too.
Im from turkey and what the fuck is this
Doesn't seem right to me
It derives from the Greek phrase "εις την Πόλιν" " [is timˈbolin], meaning "in the city" or "to the city", reinterpreted as a single word
1600: Konstantiniyye
These countries can't attack each other however, they fight in every other possible way.
aw man
Lol, Germany and Japan wanted to be occupied and westernized and forced into liberal democracy?
Honestly, they should re-unite in my opinion, but that seems to be a pipe dream in the near future
I edited out the last bit because i am not confident that i am informed well about that
] Even if this is different version of Caucasian March but this has the meaning of Greeks finally left city of Izmir
There's no difference between an 18 year old and 26 year old or even a 40 year old.
Wait until you see ours
Show me a party that is against all religion.
In any case, even if you count the European part only it'd be the most populous Balkan city
But in 2016 Coup, I remember my father have taken a lot of cash in case of there was ban for going out
They just become homeless after 20 secs of earthquake
Nah, how am I part of the problem if I dont vote?
Çanakkale Gelibolu (Gallipoli)
Wow nice.In Turkey we prepare a sauce from mantı's water.Do you guys just eat it or do you have any diffrent sauces for it?
I'm pro-opposition but all i'm seeing is Erdoğan farming voters left and right
But of course you are entitled to like them and show them around
I am not suggesting to use only the questions but use it as a supplement to the current method.
All the cool cats are out of country.
Funfact: Turks have a huge drone industury which can destroy Armenian forces in hours (which is showcased in Syrian civil war), therefore no one would risk their pilots lives to shoot down just one plane
Half the land designated as Ottoman Empire was not Ottoman.
Same for a science or history textbook
Well Mehmet is a Turkish way of saying Mahmoud
Inci caps, ah good old days lol
Cat
It's now within borders of Turkey now but I would like to see the Empire of Trebizond
a country that doesn't even pay the 2% its supposed to for NATO membership
Add torture in military prisons, kangaroo courts, and state-funded assassinations to that
If you are from a foreign country, I think there was a small fee but that is all
Question: European Royal Families
I doubt Christmas/New Years is celebrated at all by many in the rural parts of the country particularly in central Anatolia unless they were fairly recent converts from Christianity, which is a thing.
Probably not but having a major superpower collapse is never going happen in an ideal matter.
Turkish war for independence is a genocide now?
When I went to name my child they told me 'you can name him anything without the letters x, w, q because they don't exist in official Turkish'. I asked again, 'anything
We had it in Turkey
And indeed it seems to be quite uncertain
I'm not here to give Turkey a pass from anything
Ideally using the trump tweet style but not the accent.
[Actually since 2014 at least, but it got denied maybe even earlier but I have no info about that..]
Probably they will massacre in courthouse or take hostages.
If someone were to study our history, they would learn mostly about you guys (counting the eastern roman empire too)
Also, this quote also might affect my beliefs:
Many of my friends have piercings on their faces, some of them are teachers, paramedic etc
I'll keep this in mind
KAT is a drug they eat in Yemen, No?
What news
We dislike Iran and Saudi Arabia too, you’re not alone
And lastly, the potholes/speed bumps would ruin your car unless you're driving an suv
It’s flag is a white crescent and a star on a red background
I am a Kemalist and a real follower of the ideas of Kemalism such as:
Even some 'journalists' close to the government started calling people who buy dollars 'traitors'.
Also, as a city, Thessaloniki had a left wing revolutionary character, so many Jews here chose the liberal revolutionary Young Turks over Greek monarchy.
Apparently he called a repairman and found out he makes more than my doctor
It’s crowded, loud and dirty
Opposition party is not in charge of the economy though, in fact they don't even have a say in almost anything.
According to the rumors, which we have no idea if it's true or not, Erdoğan wants people to have a mustache
And not that crowded
Entry fee to the castle is a rip-off though.
Well, half(actually more like 60%) of it is in Thrace
I should have added "Some" before "People
French women tend to know how to carry themselves and considered to be more feminine.
mesela
It was a nice place to spend a few days in, I can't say I was disappointed
Not as far as Australia though, before you bring it up again
So many false friends
P.S. I believe the exchange rate is roughly 1 leva = 3 Turkish liras now, back when I used to study in Bulgaria leva and lira were around the same so we sure have seen better times
It will however disrupt relations and cause bigger problems for Turkey then just that.
It originally comes from Arabic "swd" root.
I can do this here, not there, unless I'm willing to pay for it
You forgot to add that Junta was toppled thanks to the Turkish intervention
They were trying to look like a progressive party to the Turkish voter base.
Regarding the guardian article, I suggest taking a look at [this flood on Twitter,] it's quite informative
Ottomans apperently helped Ireland with the famine which became known in Turkey recently thanks to some youtube videos
EUIV
That's exactly what happened
They even wouldn't last a year under his rule in fact they are not even proper conservative muslims since they drink and shit.
Armenian genocide now give upvote
There’s been so many protests lately are you kidding me
Lots of swearing too which I’m not a fan of
Azerbaijan: Surely not
2 = iki
Like whenever I read a post about Turkey, there’s always one guy that mentions it
Right now, only coronavirus
wow
The song is pretty good
As a skinny black dude currently touring Greece, people very easily recognize me as American
I don't live in Turkey but as a Turk I feel the need to explain us
Its really sounding natural when you say it in Turkish though
Would be okay if some German Turks create terror organisation to separate area from Germany since 1978
I can get curry chicken for half the price of a big mac.
bro it's not their independence day
Apparently they are from Armenia and Afghanistan.
I just want to ask
We are really bad at hiding it
It's döner (aka gyro) over cut up pide bread, topped with tomato sauce and molten butter, side of pilav (Turkish style rice) and yogurt.
He's the reason why the more elderly of them can't seriously consider moving back to Turkey, because everything, absolutely everything is between his two lips and extremely unreliable
Head
It's a genuine question btw, not rhetorical
Yeah sure that would be a good idea considering Trumps views on NATO.
" Is this really the way we want our politics work
Most young people tend to go for a hug and slowly but heads.
As an engineering graduate this map makes me sad at least we are not the last...
Insulting the hotel receptionist, tearing the epaulettes of that general, that silly poem book, that child on the podium the other day
duuude
Let me define you the Kayseri
Meanwhile in turkey: 6mbps download
Even I can't see the reason behind that
The game can be life time journey of an assassin
Add Turkey and take it up to f*cking 70
The only thing we learn about Poland is that the Ottomans fought numerous wars with them(and memorizing those treaties was a pain in the ass), and that WW2 started after Germany invaded Poland
Ask a military pilot on either side of the Aegean, they actually get along fine and don't even activate their weapons in dogfights.
when temperature reaches 40°C, they will fire guns to the sun
I might've saw a few, but I seldom read Leman so I'm not sure.
Only big influence it made was the word "uçak" instead of "teyyare" (which is Arabic) for the word plane
Metan gas
Turkish invasion of Cyprus was fully justified.
> I hope Russia will hit the Turks
Why all the roofs have flues
The Qur'an clearly says "don't kill any human being, if you do, you will go to hell
He was a loved Armenian-Turkish journalist and there were huge protests with the slogan "We're all Hrant's, we're all Armenians
If we get over it and develop closer economic ties the entire peninsula will prosper and benefit from it.
Yeah but our conversation wasn't even about that initially, it started with me describing Central Asia as the "ancestral homeland" of the Turks and you objecting
P.S. But our man is dead
Sıkıldım = I'm bored
like you could for example put solar cells on single level parking lots suspended above the cars.
Wait, how did they survive without my Turks :)
In Turkey, ppl are aware of that we wont be a part of EU never, also ppl dont wanna be a part of EU too
greenpeace is more loser than any loser
katibim (or uskudara giderken) is a song based on a girl falling in love with a scottish clerk.
name it african, american, european or asian.
Where is the kebab
And even if you think about it - the reason why so many Turkish people feel their country is a shithole is that they compare it to England, Germany, France, not Iran, Iraq or whatever the hell is down south of Turkey
Oria FI
" -Erdogan
Seriously, after WW2, europe obviously needed the US since USSR would be able to roll though europe easily.
I think you should read the rest of my comment too.
no one should live in a building that large.
I am calling BS for Turkey
The famous whistling language, which doesn't have words but melodies, is whistled in the mountains of Black Sea
This includes monkeys from North Africa
- Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
It is not Hagia Sophia lol
Yeah i mis-read the question thanks
If you're from Turkey, you just lay back
Yeah, tell that bullshit to stupid drunk British tourists around Europe
I've never tasted British Tea and I really wonder what it tastes like
If only he had that level of insight.
I actually understand older Gokturk Turkish better than Ottoman Turkish
Can’t help it :D
> No one wants to ask "too many" questions in fear of being seen as nosy, and if you ask someone questions about themselves, they may feel uncomfortable about talking "too much" about themselves and will only reply with the exact information you asked for, no elaborations or follow-up questions
they're taking what's theirs
There are (and were) hundreds of nationalist terrorist organization, not every memver of those nations were involved in terrorist acts either.
The only disappointment was that we hiked for 4-5 hours from lysebotn to kieragbolten (and back), under rain and wind, only to not be able to find the rock :) we circled for 30mins around the top, probably within 20m of it, and then gave up, weather getting even worse, and returned
Ehh who cares about what Turks say anyway
Oops
I thought Trump was losing in 2016 because I didn't fully know America's electoral system that time
(Usually follow up with I give some suggestions about places)
> That's a bit tough statement
You're right but just be honest, what is your guess about how many of those arrests are really "supporting terrorist" and how many "insulting statesman"?
Well, I guess technically they are made up just like any other city name in any other language, but they were created by Turkic sailors naturally, before the Ottoman invasions.
You can't compare them and say "Sweden's worse at integrating."
Thank you for great wallpapers
Also I used to have a Polish pen-pal type of thing for a little while 6-7 years ago and she was also talking about the conservatives in your country
I did not expect it to be look so out of tbis planet
Albania: Arnavutluk
A 6 months old baby dying of cold in his house with no heating
They always talk about how bad it is in Europe while in Europe, but do the exact opposite when they go to Turkey for vacation.
In Turkey, it is also New Year's Eve
Color choices for Spain and Turkey could be better but other than that, amazing
I can understand some words and some sentences but overall it's difficult to understand
Why Frenchman
>that makes 2 elections, ya know
Even though that was the case, which obviously is not, current situation in Turkey is not good and there are more rasons not to vouch for the current government
It is mostly people not believing him being as bad as Erdogan.
Every Country's Tourism Slogan!
Absolutely
Other than just enjoy it
Hazır ol ya da olma, işte geliyorum
It's the same sort of thing in the middle east.
Pff, we are more roman than you bastards.
Body shoppers or car mechanic
I wonder if people recognize that model on the street.
You either get a neutral reaction or hostile looks
It's annoying to see a bunch of stupid posts at the bottom of every thread
What happens when it rains a lot
If you wanted to get 'revenge' for the drone strikes you wouldn't probably bomb Belgium.
I'm talking about the date, 25th of December, not the birth.
but it will be if the referendum passes.
and in any case democrats would better win the the reruns in georgia this january
(we don't really have straight up Arabic words, and the ones we do aren't spelled or spoken the way it was intended to)
* cars are for some reason really expensive
It would be fine without the context behind it though
>It's not just the Armenians
It is possibble that it would be since headscarves were also banned in schools.
In Turkey we have the same problem hell my own mother and father's marriage was arranged...
Jesus, some people take everything face value
Fully ignores the Armenian minority that still exists in Turkish borders
Although I prefer the European side (212 over 216), Asian side is cleaner and greener in comparison
I missed that taste so much
Yeah I noticed that, it's weird because I distinctly remember losing points when I used an â :(
We maybe talked about the Maya but very briefly
Other worst part is that after coming back from living where they give away the road for pedestrian
I thought she lost her pet named 'pineapple' and then went insane but turns out she is okay.
Who looks at this photo and feels positive, honestly
(Ottomans, Seljuks and probably older Turkic states)
” It doesn’t matter if you recognise it or not
*The thing as they call reign is just a world's struggle*
Both are very popular but I've seen black more than green
I am kinda afraid too
As a Turk I'm very sorry for Dutch folks, my prayers go out to you all
) (Şeref is a male name btw)
The party she represents can find another leader to represent itself.
Saviours of Mankind
We can't assume all Americans are crooked or all New Zealanders are compassionate because of Donald Trump or Jacinda Ardern
But much more secular than other East/Muslim Countries
More like extremely French influenced  Elsaß.
I'm not talking about the union, I'm talking about the continent
As a Turkish American, my pain is twice the amount of your pain bro.
They are rich enough to live in Europe but they’d still say erdogan is a world leader
"born", "created" refering to the [Asena Myth] maybe?
To be honest
What ancient cultures are teached in your country
It’s just, you know, 49% of Turkey is exactly like you, me, secular, western, and they already feel like shit about the shape of their country and trying to fix it while apologising about what Turkey is doing right now
I am angry because you guys think you are fucking him over by not allowing him campaign in Europe but instead you support his rhetoric by banning this.
It is the only way to fight against Islamism which was always a serious threat in Turkey, even in the first years of the republic.
Germany is not relevant except ww1 and studying Turkish history won't reveal much about neither germany nor uk
2-China
I believe I can say it started after late 80’s generation to hang out with opposite gender as you described
So boys left for girls to learn, girls left for boys to learn
But some suffixes are shortened in all dialects (e.g. the future tense suffix) so those are always different in written Turkish
Guess not clear enough for everyone
That economic boom(the average growth of Turkey is 5,3% and during AKP goverment it is 4,6%) was built with smart policies from previous goverments,eu process(which fixed a lot of problems in the state) and foreign investment.Foreign investment played an important role in Turkey's recovery from 2001 crisis but it wasn't only from Europe (a huge part of investment comes from Muslim countries right now).
However, due to COVID and how Istanbul becoming unlivable place changed to opposite lately
Shame is averted this time...Yea, boo Russia!
Erdogan is democratically elected though.
Yup
CHP wasn't in charge in the Istanbul pogrom.
T129 neden bunu burada paylaşma gereksinimi duydun ki?
Also how when they find out that everything on the left is not Socialism
You suggestion is also good
My point is, how can he be proud of this?
That's what dictators are about
I don’t know if it is a streotype type but Turkish elders are really funguys when they are not talking
What would you feel if Turks in Germany wanted to leave Germany
At -15 the humidity that's left in the begins to crystallize and sparkle
In average germany has better living conditions than Turkey.
Well, would it change your opinion to find out that between '23 and '50 the alphabet changed, educational system was overhauled, Ottoman clothing such as fez were banned and replaced with Western counterparts, the demographics were shaken up via population exchanges & forced assimilation, economic policies were shifted intensely and new alliances were formed
You are right but, you are wrong too
Nah that never happens but I do forget some Turkish words from time to time and translate the English word in google translate
If you pass all the tests that every other country in the EU passed then you should certainly be allowed in.
Just turned 18 this year and for next elections anything but the current goverment is ok
It hasn't been a church for about 600 years.
Even a profanity can be like this too
You should have a boat trip at night
That’s a second ideal table
Azerbaijan for sure
Karbon(C)
If you don't believe me, just go and check yourself
Won't stop me from learning Chinese
Indeed it is interesting
- mercedes: merso (alongside many other countries :) )
No HDP and PKK didn't part their ways.
Oh god somebody please kill it with fire
Turkey is like the non-official cat country of the internet
There never was a large scale fraud in elections.
This made me laugh baad hahaahah
You have NO IDEA (maybe you have an idea but i'm just going to pretend you don't because why not) how cringy Erdoğan is in the eyes of a secular Turk.
Turkish fathers cries for that too
Came to agree with the Greek poster
I don't feel super close to them, but I feel a nice connection
This is the biggest piece of shit of disinformation I have seen for a long time on reddit.
Anatolia was likely inhabited by native Anatolians and Greeks, when the Gökturks invaded.
Yep, we have Türk Dil Kurumu (Turkish Language Society)
Now the second and the third generation whom only get to see Turkey during the holidays think the country has become an islamic utopian powerhouse led by the second coming of Suleiman The Magnificent.
I don't know how these 6 "people" would look to faces of their children after proposing this.
Liechtenstein: Why the fuck did you give women the vote so late
LET ME INNNNNNNN
Religious people with the exact same economic situation as atheists will have more kids.
Dumb people also believe maps like this
Nowadays I am watching The Big Bang Theory with English subtitles and reading Harry Potter in English for improve my English skills
Found another Hetalian here lol.
There is no proof it got anything to do with DHKPC.
Considering that mehmet akif was an Islamist not a nationalist
Omg, I live in Antalya and the amount of German tourists walking around with no sun protection is triggering
11 day going on operation with 120 civillian death is genocide
In Turkey, those lowlife leaders still think they are a good thing that makes Turkey a civilised country
“İnin cinin top oynadığı yer
It is hard for me to observe the changes in a country where alcohol consumption is lower than average in Europe
they leave food on the street and prevent the animal control (municipalities) do their job
You get your letter by an owl on your 11th birthday.
I tried to stop that by protesting against it by people who live abroad abd vote for him are seen as hypocrites by opposition side
No idea why
Dae bird country bad
For example, hâla(yet, still, regardless) is generally written the same as but pronounced different than hala(aunt on paternal side per blood)
However, there are also sweet old people who love to tell you their stories, how their great grandfather fought a war and etc, and complain about corrupt urbanization
It's not there to represent the Islamic world, what are you talking about.
What did Georgia do lmao
There's no way of knowing so just don't eat 2tl (0.5 eu) kebab.
I personally support the right-wing throughout Europe,
Old people use a lot of cast iron pots and pans here because non-stick ones weren't available when they bought theirs.
Greeks hate Turkish goverment though then again who doesn't?
Iran: YES
Thats pretty cool
Someone hands you a pack of gum and suddenly it's a conversation about life and death
You can express a lot of things just by one word
This, my friends, is why we don't have good things in Turkey.
There are other reasons too but these are the main ones
Now I am 24 and doing my master thesis
Apparently it will snow until late night.
As a Turk who lives in a yellow area; go fuck yourself.
Crescent is not an Islamic symbol but it was common amongst different Turkic tribes.
We're just pointing out that all of you are hypocritical fucks.
Old Factory Bearing 350 Tones Of Carcinogen Asbestos Was Demolished Without Any Precaution in Ankara, Turkey
We just have his tomb
in 2008, i was 13 back then
Freedom for dummies by Macron
That has nothing to do with what I said, but okay.
And from my experience we don't either but we are.
fool, i only listen to Darude - Look Away
Because for me, Chinese (and in general East Asian) buildings, palaces, temples, cities (the historical parts of them) etc
Is it possible to not heard of Russia
Ottomans fought on 5 fronts, lost 4 of them.
Perhaps, UK population density is very high though.
This has something to do with geography too because those places are natural extensions of Middle East although in Turkey.
This type of shit won't stop as Europe fails to prevent Saudi influence.
Things French love: Baguettes and protesting
This makes truth subjective
Yes, these people still exist
- The guest is a guest for 3 days.
Just to be clear: this isn't Erdoğan's "hurr durr Lausanne wrong take back Greek islands take back empire" rhetoric.
Because after all, even if Erdogan goes away, all the people who followed him won’t.
It's even easier to do so with animals
Herding sheep, farming, making bread, cheese, wine
(Edited)
Of course they are in hindsight, but he's saying something different.
Turks pay really good amount of money there
But, I can check it now
weird
Damn I got triggered reading this , I don't want to be associated with any of that especially the BMW disco music part lol .
They form a part of the mythology of my generation and I love them
I brought *THIS* here
Half the country looks like Greece, but the other half looks much more like Syria.
Khajit wannabe
In Turkey we have 410,000 active personal with 2.000.000 less population from Germany for example.
But it seems that they are pretty safe so far
nephew delet this
Ofc they are westerners as well
England, and Hungary
Not even AKP voters are as conservative as Turks in Germany.
And both names are Greek
there iş some different words and a little bit accent
Hazelnuts
The problem is that we don't see the reality here: the bread is missing, and who knows what else?
im in high school and i still havent been taught a thing about ww2 so far
I believe it is, Gök Kağan
From huscarls to ducks
Please don't spread misinformation
Look at the poor kid in the middle /s
With language reform many old Turkic words were brought back and nationalims was on the rise among Turkic people during that time.Ofcourse it isn't probably about that(She pointing to West as other users suggested makes the most sense) but the irony here doesn't really much make sense because that thing was part of the original Turkic culture which effected Atatürk's policies.
Government doesn't really like investing in it because it doesn't have the fast results that corresponds to votes such as roads, bridges, hospitals and shit.
Aegean and medditerrian sealines with Greece
[Turkish teapot] tea goes in the top half.
It had remained from pre-republic traditions where your religion defined your identity, and there was even a scandal a few years back where citizens of Pontic, Armenian and Jewish descent were still "marked" with the numbers 1, 2, 3 after those labels were removed over time
Did you just forget the glorious kingdom of S E A L A N D?
I have never seen more beautiful women than ukraine women, it should be thanks to handsome men of ukraine
Most PKK members are Kurds from Turkey.
>This might come as a shocker, but neutral countries can still commit war crimes and be called evil
Libya is literally heat itself so it got copyright claimed
If you really want to fuck with Europe open the fucking floodgates.
But I feel more at home in Adana or Mersin or Antioch
Do normal people not see the danger?
That's why the countries with highest Muslim percentages of their population on this chart (UK France Germany) are the most tolerant while countries with the lowest Muslim population (Poland Hungary) are the most intolerant.
Why
lmao you just know you'll have at least one of those every time at the very bottom of the thread
People are not their government
year 2002 when AKP came to power
Im paying the same amount for 20mbit/s download im just crying
Always use a navigation app
1 dönüm (ottoman standard) = 919 m²
(Basically the *Powertrans' oil monopoly* part and the paragraph before.)
Thats is how the taxi driver goes to retirement
We use it every 5 seconds
What happened
"Partisi" just means "the party of", and is the agglunated version of "Parti", which just means "Party".
Here is a map of [Ottoman Empire]
Akşener are ready for his future strategy because Turkish youth are tired of the cultist-extremist-islamists holding the power and abusing the hell of it
I love the Liechtenstein
Yes but your own happiness isn't the most important thing in the world
Just doesn’t want to let those terror organisations to grow on our border
But after the Karabakh war in 1988 the Armenian community in Azerbaijan was expelled as well
No, but I always get nervous when my mum talks about Arabs around Arab tourists
I don't believe the cultural fabric of Ursa Minor can handle that.
We have Yogurt Sauce, Mexico Sauce(Peppery Sauce), Hot Sauce, Crazy Sauce, Thousand Island, Jalapeno Pepper, Ranch, Jalapeno Cheddar, BBQ, Ketchup and Mayonnaise
Pronunciation is also hard too
Should return upon searching "Turkish reaction" or something similar
I wish we were somewhere more west but still in the Mediterranean area, that's far from Syria lol
Is a weirdly common sentence close friends use when the other makes a nice gesture
Pretty successfully to be honest
Erdoğan's method for dealing insults is suing with his army of lawyers
That being said, I hope this doesn't escalate further since European countries are wonderful allies to us.
Okay, now I feel like an idiot for not thinking of this.
C’mon Ivaylo you can do better
Plus when you don't touch extreme opposition (like Sözcü), it's easier to give people an ideological enemy.
In my opinion all empires in the world weren't good or weren't bad
Because the AKP had 40% support.
People arguing from a nationalist perspective are laying the groundwork for further killing
i have to disagree
Who owns these multinationals
I mean, I remember from school that we'd get assigned books to read, but none of us would read them anyway.
One of the customer asked me “I didn’t expect Turkey like that”. And I said “beg your pardon
Türkiye'de 15 euro verdiğin şeyi aynı güzellikte bir plajda aynı kaliteye daha ucuza alırsın Yunanistan'da
So again, it’s done deal
i just realized that i live in the future because my sofa is from ikea
We aren’t sexist like y’all
Everyone saw that attack on the capitol
This includes the president and state property but they should be treated equally
It's a completely unique piece of scenery shaped by the volcanic ashes of Erciyes volcano and centuries of water and wind erosion
That's already happening, people who buy property for more than $250,000 automatically receive citizenship, and since wealthy Arabs love buying houses in Turkey it leads to some neighborhoods in Istanbul and many places in Black Sea region to look like Saudi Arabia - nobody speaks Turkish, even shop signs and whatnot are all in Arabic
Doğa İçin Çal, Translation is “Play For The Nature”, Every year they release a song which mostly old folk song(s) which around 60 people sings it, even celebrities joins too, to gain more recognition for nature in public - recommended for Greeks too since there are couple songs which we share
But it's not gonna happen
That said, you’re also falling into the same logical hole that you’re blaming the people who built the Modern Turkey 90 years ago — Turkey isn’t western, or non-western, it’s a multitude of things
Yeah, the salafi ones do that
The app is actually really nice but they didn’t prepare enough for it
Either way, I'm fine with voting for whichever one come round two
It is a weird way to join the EU
i never saw someone calling the Byzantines as Romans
It's not like red cities are empty deserts
Two more Turkish soldiers seek asylum in Greece
/r/badcorrelations
"please let us keep troops in you"
We all have done bad things
The problem with Turkish taxis isn’t the price or the convenience, but the drivers are not vetted so at any time a junkie can be in charge of your life, and the taxis are awful as well
Thanks
And its nowhere near unique in Turkey
Keep in mind Erdogan the person doesn't equal Turkey the country.
This is a big deal because the top cleric is usually *for* religious laws, this time the backlash was so great that even this guy had to speak out.
How many of them are radicalized is question mark, but since 7-8 million is big number, we can assume thousands of them can jump into groups like El Nusra.
Not what I meant, it's hard to read as a secular.
Those tanks are not going to be used.
In schools, the language of instruction is only Turkish except for the foreign language subjects
So maybe something like Turkia, Turkland
Somebody map this in assetto corsa or something
it is a continent not a political movement.
Gibberish language speakers assemble
What is the hate against alcohol after banning cigarettes
You start with forgetting most of your Turkish knowledge because it basically opposite of most of the time
Greece: Music
The song is actually pretty great
The soldiers weren’t much older than me
Ronaldo isn't paid by public organisations, unless she believes she lives in a country that is organised as a communist state, her argument is just invalid
This video itself is a goldmine but except that, our former First Lady once mixed up "lawmaker" and "lovemaker" while giving a speech
Uyghurs are treated much worse than we treat kurds.
Imagine that there was a language predominantly comprised of Persian, French and Arabic loanwords being solely used for the matters of state (which is Ottoman Turkish), and a separate language used by the common people as a “spoken” language (premature form of the modern Turkish which had some foreign influence)
Italy
God please, at least protecc the queen 4 years more
It's just practical stuff, you're educated to become a machine for work, you don't learn any critical topics.
A lot of people changed quite fast, and even in Turkey, I hear and read comments that either use Çekya(Czechia) or use Çek Cumhuriyeti(Czech Rebuplic) first and correct themselves to Çekya
Lowkey Turkey doesn't know it too but hey, I will take this chance to shit on Russia
75 CHF  for a beer to a German guy who brought a 24 case at a bbq party
And theres nothing that'll get rid of a politician in this country faster than an economic crises.
Antalya: vacation spot, tourists
I asked why they don't speak up
Yup, I can't see any of this ending well.
I don't know, people are strange
I know, but it’s an exception, not the rule
There might be a huge need for Technocracy in the near future
But we still use it while writing.
It makes everything way easier in my opinion
Im giving you the example of France because if they had any problems, you would feel the effects as well
We don't have to talk about the actions of Greek Junta
As an Erdoğan hater I say that
are notorious for being money hungry scum who try to rip off and scam everyone and they try to fuck you over constantly.
It's a generic term for several dishes that involve ground meat in a solid shape.
I hope we can learn from our current mistakes and rebuild a better us
Some pro-Erdoğan journalists reacted negatively to this order.
We knew some famous leaders and one or two wars but not much else in that regard
Reportedly the reason why the coup happened was because the coup soldiers knew that they were going to get purged soon and while they still had power they took their chances.
Czechs won't strain relations for a very old debt, and because of the Warsaw pact countries' trade laws I assume Cuba doesn't even have to pay it, it was the USSR who forced those things and they aren't around anymore.
When did I deny anything Turkey has ever done
There are translation in the imgur album.
Let Brexit be a lesson to people
At least they being inept morons causes less damage.
To be honest
000 people and left more than 250
3- Russia
Being good, sociable and helpful neighbours is very important around here
We were dealing with coup and stuff on those days
Yes, I think so I could include the UK as well
I think it's a dick move and doesn't matter what part of the world you live in
Muharrem İnce promised that if he wins, shortly after the election he's going to start visiting European capitals, try to fix the broken relations with the EU and assign an ambassador to Damascus to repair the relations with Syrian government and take back what Turkey under Erdoğan's regime did in Syria
Anyone can cherry pick quotes to fit their motives
Hahahhahaha sounds like something that would happen at my job
This is sad
I may have exaggerated a bit but the point stands.
Tunceli feels foreign because it is the only communist province
Hundreds of çomars grouped up at the consulate to protest.
Turks don't have much shared history with Arabs nor do Arabs with Turks.
What I'm trying to get at is that maybe the difference between the Czech and Swedish numbers are the result of different immigrant demographics rather than the "Czech ability to integrate".
Ahhh so they were requesting full subreddits to be blocked
Turkish people have more of a dark humour and self deprecating jokes
This is because Turkey is the bridge between Europe, Asia and Middle East
In the end, the 10-day trip from the south all the way to the north still exceeded all my expectations
They're not so common nowadays
that's right gavur, order like 10 rakis :DDDD
Mine did that, he'd base his lessons on activities on the news
But I agree with Istanbul wholeheartedly l, not because it is my hometown, but the crime, corruption, social satire, crazy driving, beautiful sceneries, hoods that look like shanties, glamorous Bosporus mansions, country clubs are all there
"The uprisings are a result of the Great Powers agitating the local Christian populations."
Istanbul, south Aegean region and west Mediterranean region for resort tourism, Pamukkale and Capadocia for the geographical tourism
There are lots of hidden gems you wont be dissappointed
Reason it took me so long is that I was one of the first students to arrive and only one Portuguese that came exact same day who become a friend and start to hang out with them more
Probably the german version is even fancier and im sure its just one word
Earn more than what I do now
What optimism, it only lasted one US president.
Civilian motor vehicles are not allowed on the islands
[Bazı kaynaklarda İzzeddin Hümayi Elçioğlu tarafından I. Dünya Savaşı'nın Kafkasya Cephesi için "Kafkasya Marşı" olarak 1914 yılında bestelendiği bilgisi geçer
Wait europe really think we are terrorists - turkish man
Which translates to “camel of the prophet”. Why
Also no one here cares about Greece
Ayran is specific to Turkey too, i guess
The Crown has a really well tailored storytelling behind it to make it compelling TV
Cruise ship intensifies
Weather
it's been 587 episodes
Then how did they select a lesbian Prime Minister
Do you think that European Union will last forever
and golf countries, because Syrian uprising wouldn't stand a chance without TOW's, money and foreign fighter support.
Nah, I think we will be fine with Bulgaria
“Jip/Cip” Jeep, 4x4 vehicles
Naval Supremacy can be gained with NATO and friendly relationship with Cyprus
Silivri soğuktur
We had the advantage but we ended our advantage in stupid way
I mean just look at [this]#/media/File:Osmanli-nisani.svg).
I think I would have hard times to guess
Cuck, based, cringe, sjw, feminazi, hype, vape, sapiosexual, legit, "I am so sarcastic!", "How is the situation in Turkey?".
i wish it was the same in turkey.
We have a New Year Lottery
It is a historical Turkish school founded in the 19th century, that switched to teaching predominantly German in 1917 because Turkey was allied with Germany during WW1.
This is literally an act of aggression
And person who brought this bullshit here is a Greek, even trying to connect such sad event to their classical Turkish hatred to gain political points
It's a nice pen
I don't care if the terrorists win if them losing involves my death or the risk of it.
Question was do you feel threatened by your neighbor countries and i explained why Turks may feel threatened by Cyprus or Greeks what happened after that doesnt matter in this context
Also It's better to have cats than rats.
Turkey, US, Russia stage surprise tripartite regional security meeting in Antalya
It has been so overused by the right wing, flying it for no special reason is a bit weird now
You just fast and your lessons will most likely be over before you eat.
You want it to be not a western country, fine, you can work towards that, it is a democracy after all
But I've never seen Case 2 happen yet :D
Sana mı güveneyim haberlere mi güveniyim.
If he gets a no in the referandum he will probably lose the next election.
- Nazım HIKMET-
For example, gonorrhea is also called "French Disease/ Tur
I can’t believe my eyes
She was a shaman
mostly they have bars and they hang yugoslavia flags around bar
Thats a cool title
watch this:
Thank you, I kinda forgot Magneto was in Poland at the start of the movie
Can we lewd her like Natalia Poklonskaya
Not just seniors
I personally rated both movies 1 star.
People can be very passive aggressive about it
Same thing happened in Turkey/Antalya, they put bike lanes going towards and on the sidelines of the coast, after a year of cars not caring about the bike lane and the ones that do, reporting to the government that they dont want bike lanes, the bike lanes have been removed
Also it could have [Lagari Hasan Çelebi] to show a successful manned rocket flight
She is probably optimistic and she doesn't want to get backlash but every country has different,great things and tourist usually visit the best places in a country.Trafic is a problem but she doesn't live in Turkey so she doesn't care i guess.
What's with the "çirkin teyze" part.
In 1924
Turkey is following the international law.
But yeah it has been a while
\>Implying Italians can actually make good coffee.
Most people are starting to see it as an excuse to go on beach holidays, it seems
The shopkeeper then said 'The service sector is in a terrible state
Ottoman Empire fell in 1923 while EU established at something like 2002
yeah I think he was referring to the "chips" part.
Btw never question why Britain literally gave Czechoslovakia to Hitler, we clearly are not allies of Nazis as those communists
Unity, Official Language, Flag, National Anthem and Capital of the State
Turkish is protector state of Northern Cyprus which Turkish Army has presence of 35,000 and far as I know Greece is for Southern Cyprus
are you like the embassador of bulgaria because you act like you do but in fact you are just some rando on the internet
They made me paint a wooden tray in late 90s for some reason
[Your average cargo short haters' fashion icons.] ayy lmfao keep on hating.
He clearly has some alternative facts about this so I don't think arguing with him will be of much use buddy.
And a little Mediterranean culture
Democracy is an idealist and overly-optimist concept
Country
yeah, they produce propoganda series like [Teskilat] [Kizilelma] [Ertugrul] or [Filinta] with our taxes
pirated copies usually exist...if they don't then fuck it.
Jokes aside is this general alive or not
The new generation doesn’t like him,they are in the opposition side
in turkey it is 45 degrees celsius outside
During the Talas Battle, we changed sides and joined Abbasids because we didn’t want to be mercanaries of the China, the side who oppresed us
Niye downgote atmışlar
i personally think dolma is the most advanced invention in the human history.
With the English gone, perhaps the French can bully the Germans into making UE the standard.
Very few
Then again I might be overestimating my people.
Only thing Islamists hate is other Islamists
But everyone calls Istanbul "Constantinople". And that's something I don't like, bro the Byzantine Empire is gone, it's Istanbul now, get over it
Istanbul university, Istanbul technical university, ODTÜ, Hacettepe university, Bilkent univercity
He still had to visit Atatürk's grave today.
Cypriot Turks are doing hell of a better job at trying to fix the situation than Turkey, they will likely be the ones to solve it
Thats why theres an alternative r/turkeyjerky lol we just laugh at memes, dude
They died 1000 years ago mate invading used to be popular then
I guess you are right he never tackled LGBT community like Putin did.
One of the most horrible tragedies of the modern times, in my opinion
That Greeks/Turks wake up every morning thinking "dayum, what a fine day do remove kebab/gyro"?
But this contradicts with "throw some letters together everyone will read it the same". There might be some issues there
Are these all sad dramas
Ve ayak
I recommend anyone who's interested in Turkish-Armenian relations to look up his speeches and writings
It is just nonsense (I wish you guys use some suffixes, don't change the whole words) like other Euro languages (except Hungarian etc)
I doubt we'll even come close to that in the next decade so don't get your hopes up
Average Turkish woman is my neighbour.
After all that happened in 2020, I expect Alduin to show up somewhere, announcing us the end times
Just think about that, i'm saying Balkans aand Middle East
A coup will never be a true solution to protect democracy and free speech.
Of course swear words like "amına koyayım",  "oruspu çocuğu" isn't it a perfect starting for learning a new language
Yeas, thank you
If the bold green implies majority then this is easily the worst map I seen about this topic
It would be fine without the context behind it though
I went there last year for Erasmus and it was amazing
I mean ethnicity
They did it for Russia because what Putin did affected whole Europe.
If you could also list the links of the posts that you used, that would be awesome
Irkci okumayan manyak bunlarin hepsi
The Kingdom of England usurp the Scots 'right to self-determination, just as Turkey usurp the Kurds' right to self-determination
- Article 4: The provision stating that the form of the State in Article 1 of the Constitution is a Republic, and the qualifications of the Republic in Article 2 and the provisions of Article 3 cannot be changed and proposed to be changed
Sin=Same pronounciation in english
Sometimes in specialized materials such as history books/magazines etc
This is the exact situation
I think they have that in beşiktaş.
This isn't a reliable news source, you are just an anti-turk
Only %20 of modern day Turks have any East Asian genes.
I used to walk when I was in Primary(2002-2008) literally anywhere
The Persian part was a bit difficult, because there are no much ethnical maps
I see many pro-women billboards from AKP these days around Istanbul.
Nice, not typical of u/Electro-N to draw damning statistics about Turkey from his ass.
I swear people ponder about meaning of the life less than whether Turkey is in Europe or not.
Meanwhile in turkey: 6mbps download
yok ben de baktim sitesine toplam 7 tane var
And conversions caused most of the populace to "become Turk" across centuries.
Also less alcohol and tobacco consumption compared to Europe though
Stop white-washing everything
We also had that law
Sure, they are terrorism supporters/sympathizers but they also have embedded themselves into a section of population.
How about Germany
Amsterdam rose because the new Dutch state blockaded Antwerp, and the trade then got rerouted to Amsterdam
How in the hell is what I said victim blaming.
Such party who had once beated imperialist down in Anatolia and buried them into the waves of Medditernean Sea now is following a smooth ideology called Social Democracy
Also I don't like stretching the country's history so far into Huns
And these happened in NATO member countries under strict oversight of USA, UK and rest of NATO/Europe
I fapped, no regret
No except from the testimonies which were under torture.
Uh, we don't have oil, and much larger opposition.
As a Turk, I confirm this
His approval rates are destined to fall.
)  shall not be amended, nor shall their amendment be proposed
They can’t talk proper English,they look like cows and most of them are 40+ years old
But it’s actually much more deeper than it seems
Sadly, it’s more like an upper class toy now
O : means he ,she ,it   ( we say one word to man,woman and animals)
in turkish we have no **th**, **w** and 'open' **a** (as in "al") sounds.
Winner is clear
That's why he likes and works with Haftar and Sisi
What a brainless stupid bastard people lives in the world
It’s hard to keep the pace in class when I disconnect several times during lessons
We'd started to play in it".
Nakhchivan: Am I a joke to you
[The Reddit admin spez said "Most likely porn"]
Can America and Middle East do their fight on where it is not bordering to Turkey
Ottoman Empire or Turkey or Sweden
net] user  Ralph Hippe Turkey isn't even asian let alone european
" -Süleyman Demirel
>Turkey
about 69% of which support Erdogan
I disagree it's required to be clarified
>Mocking with a drawing is fucking harmless
Exactly the same here in Turkey
Noone bites an eye about what Belgium had done in there but when it comes to Turks, everyone goes nuts
It is truly a disaster and it should be incredibly bad to be in their shoes since no one wants them
Hakkari Yüksekova is the most foreign feeling city
He has to deal with Turkish nationalists, and god knows Turkish nationalist like some millitary action towards PKK (in case of you do not know what is PKK; it is a terrorist organization basicly wants freedom of the zone where mostly populated by kurdish).
Genocide is real but it doesn't excuse this blatant incorrect map
By design the difference in electoral college cannot be less than 6, if it is not tied, so the opposition candidate had no chance of winning the presidency/vice presidency
In Turkish, 'portakal' is the fruit, and 'turuncu' is the color.
The rest of Turkey is not as developed (besides expensive holiday destinations.)
Idk, what would happen then
The reason why I know how to pronounce this “muvaffakiyetsizleştiricileştiriveremeyebileceklerimizdenmişsinizcesine” - meaning "As though you are from those whom we may not easily be able to make into a maker of unsuccessful ones
>''Erdogan: The important thing is to keep such a region under control and to work in a controlled way, and Arabs should live in this region because the Kurds are not suitable for living in this geography
Because of this, Europeans are held to a higher standard than other peoples
Turkish is standardise on Istanbul Accent
A large percentage of politically informed voters who know what they're doing is the dream for a democracy.
And I’m happy to hear you like us
I gathered that he meant we were in no position to celebrate by drinking outside, so he would drink his sorrows at home instead.
You don't even need to leave country unless you wanna have a different kind of cultural trip
“Sikimde değil” translates to “Not on my dick“ yet it means “I don’t care“. I suppose this is a slang but still you wouldn’t understand it
For Turkey, the answer is no
Oh yeah, totally Erdo-boy let's fucking pray the sickness away, there you go
I honestly think even THEY aren't dumb enough to say that, and they really dumb.
For me, it is not a puppet state
Ben ırkçılığı savunmam
If it is an obviously fake story like a fairytale, -miş should be used to get avoid the guilt of lying
Turkish-German school in Istanbul denies reports that Christmas was banned at its school [German source]
Venizelos didn't nominate Atatürk for the Nobel Prize for nothing
basically meaning "you'll need a coat, cuz silivri is cold
Hope for the good of Turkey
They use it to bypass laws through dividing responsibilities under multiple registered parties.
Austria probably but Germany is far more valuable market for them to leave
7 nm process
” “Buses were full
Այլեւս երբէք
**1700s:** Kostantiniyye
1₺ = Bottle of Water
Nationalism kills, end of discussion really
Not great, not terrible
Very usual
I can't believe Putin getting so much respect from various Western peoples sometimes
Totally right for "the Republic of Turkey" but about todays "Sultanate of Erdogan" i can't say same
So, that is probably the main reason we see ourselves as "Turkish", it is its own thing as I tried to explain
We builded worlds second submarine in 1719 and instead of using it for military purposes we used it for circumcision ceremony of III
The link you posted indeed shows that some anti-semitsm is spread but does that make them a terrorist?
Turkish Republic is a humanitarian, Kemalist Nationalist, secular, social and law-bound state within the context of social solidarity and peace
English: Long limbless reptile
You choose to keep your last name or change it when you marry and children take the last name(if parents have different they might have two or the parents can choose which one)
Kurds can have their state but it must be outside of Turkey
Eh, my belidf would have been that if the Ecevit governemnt in the early 2000s hadn't collapsed and AKP hadn't come to government that Turkey would be in or near the EU today but I do understand that there's a power dynamic in the EUP which would be practically destroyed if Turkey joined
But has a very modest population, all of whom work for the government in one way or another
The movement was hijacked by maniacs at CUP.
(winks in ottoman)
And he is not rooting for it, it is an observation.
No,i didn't know.Thanks for the info.
Transcontinental gang lez goo
Although the coup helped political Islamism
But we did not, instead we still struggle with the mentality of circa 1914.
There is nothing Islamic about Turkey, the country is secular.
Azmak is "to get lost" in Azerbaijani Turkish, "to get horny" in Turkish
I would put my penny to the theory that expression is rooted from old times, where a  westerner is equal to the French, and hence all foreigners are basically French
No afaik but people majority prefer siting or standing still and eating
I saw one guy just shooting a defenseless civilian like he's scratching his back, how the hell can be someone so fucked up by whatever he's believing in
Do you view us(Turks) in the same way with Arabs?
Thanks to our ancestors, we have no idea
No proof, I replied to the other guy that replied to me.
Such a freedom fighter
I used to do business in Ukraine.
Like do you not see the contradiction of your own argument?
People of the same gender might get physical with you, kissing, hugging, putting their hands over your shoulder
I wouldn't know, but being a person who looks for socioeconomic reasons for pretty much everything I'm going to say it's got to do with women's emancipation and participation in the workforce.
I at least hope you would read this and learn something.
Economy was literally shit (the president itself said that "we need even 75 cent"), terrorism was at its peak (politic terrorists killed people in their house, in universities, in cinemas), then there was islamic terrorism where hundreds of alevies killed
Tekirdağ=Tabby Mountain
\- Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Went to Stockholm 2 times, and liked the city a lot, learned the language to some extent, followed news, youtube channels in Swedish etc, but in years intensity of my passion kind of fade away
That is just so selfish
I like the weather and sun a lot
I also started learning German (thanks to Rammstein) a few months ago (but still very very beginner becuase only used memrise and duolingo by myself) and I would be happy to learn a new language.
#####TLDR; we're on the same page
As in the government is requesting porn be taken down on Reddit
Sure but you assume people read it.
but stray dogs are kind of a problem but cats are lovely
Not so much quality of life you can live while being eee while being you.
I can't access i.redd
Kibar Feyzo from Turkey
Turkish also doesn't have he/she/it
Also, while it's a good idea to guard the ballots, you can't object to legalized fraud techniques
You definitely should check it out
And that's because AKP are assholes
And yet there are many Bulgarians in Turkey.
People overuse that term these days
Well after what we had back in Ottoman days a simple one is better imo...
Haydut here, means bandit, i love how all our cultures connect at one point
This kind of discourse is terrible and counterproductive.
Are you dim
And still worries me that our education system is worse than when I was studying which was the last years of our highest education have became
It helps knowing how much you should negociate for when discussing salaries with your employer
Reference: [
Barzo
Step 1: steal shit
However Turks had no other choice
But It takes a great effort to find a job in EU from non-EU countries
That's because Camel cigarettes use mostly Turkish tobacco (and Virginia tobacco) in it's blend.
Turkey is the first Muslim majority country that recognizes Israel
Thing is, since the government (executive) is made up of MPs in the usual parliamentary democracy style only the opposition would benefit from it.
Also, he could support it if he wanted to.
Our relations might not be the best for now, but it doesn't really matter
In general we tend to have more melanin, no?
This is catastrophic
Oh, dont mind me
A good rule of thumb for renting a house in Istanbul: go pet the stray dogs.
Woah you can buy a whole city with that much money :D our economy is pretty shitty
Now you are infidels and will burn in hell.
Seriously there is no reference or anything its just a cheap wordplay
Taxis especially for tourists
Best Greek singer
Only one season, that's my kind of weather.
During a commemorative event, Ataturk gave a famous and friendly speech
Ülkedeki karışıklıktan dolayı seçimde net iyi bir liderin geçeceğini ise hiç sanmıyorum halk tamamen bloklaşmıştı. Darbe elbette iyi bir şey değildir ancak ülkedeki aşırı siyasi kutuplaşmanın bizi götüreceği yer daha da kötüdür. 80 darbesini ben de pek sevmem 80 anayasası aşırı katı idi çünkü ancak 60 darbesini canı gönülden desteklerim
Muğla, some deep parts of south east anatolia, some parts of east black see
Are we all not old enough to remember when Chrome was heralded too
Well as a native Turkish speaker i can easily understand Azerbaijani but im unable to form a sentence
Even most obvious propaganda outlets claim objectivity.
I too hope that one of the largest armies in the world bomb my country and possibly kill the people i love because of the actions of one insane guy
No, I mean Diyanet's budget triggers me as much as everyone else but it's not the amount of schools but the quality of them that's the problem.
Turkish government officials are not carrying migrants across the border, correct.
> When the imam starts to sing
They weren't beaten by convincing the last time either.
How can he be an ottoman official if he resigned???
Hmmmm.Yep you seem like a Professional about Turkish-Pkk conflict.
There is something distinctive beyond our hair color but I can't quite put it
They are left to die
Another one simply states that the word is a form of Gök Oğuz (Blue/Celestial Oghuz)
The "have you ever had a dream" kid grew up
Very well deserved Catalans
Keep using such heavy words for shit like this and they'll stop meaning what they used to mean
As a Turkish PhD student in the States, I was very surprised to learn that they don't eat octopus here
Je comprends l'Espagnol le mieux, surtout à l'oral, l'İtalien plus a l'écrit
Even if there is nothing big to report, it’s usually an “american cops murdered a black guy again”. Takes the heat off our own murderous cops if nothing else
- well acording to french yeah
There is still so many neo-ottomanist (nationalist) people but yea Turkey is a modern country, i think
They’re also shocked to see our houses are modern, our skin is white and many women don’t cover up
Of course you'll see better statistics in western parts.
damn dude lol
A branch of my family lives in Sweden and they are just normal people who hate him more than anything
Some jokes might not make sense but it is still enjoyable film
Or we could just drop a really huge ice cube every month or so to prevent the glaciers from melting
And I will definitely be visiting Dzirlo’s cafe again
As I said at the beginning we are trying to explain our situation logically, as best as we can
He IS the senate
We have "Çorba" too
Turkey isn’t in Europe, though
You all are the same shit, different birth places.
Khajit wannabe
I think it's a dick move and doesn't matter what part of the world you live in
Learning new language is hard over all but for Turkish it is little bit harder than comparing to Germanic and Latin languages
It is, but it is not that different from what Donald Trump or Nigel Farage does.
Like a person from Basque can speak both Basque and Castilian or a person from Galicia might live in Valencia and learn Valencian so he'll be speaking 3 languages.
Well, the reasons we don't have connections with Turkey are political, we still love our motherland though.
In our capital people don’t know how to drive, outside of our capital people know how to drive
Villages already look dead to me
Coastline is just perfect, I never wanted to leave
Yeah we have a lot of Indian series on certain channels
We are getting similar with north korea, step by step
He started three anti-terror war .
Is it similar to the Polish soup
When you listen wait until 3'14''.
Kıskanmak can be used for envy but never the other way around
Was sitting on this for a while eh
It starts at the end of the 19th century and ends just before WW2.
“sıkıldım”
However, if there is a scandal, I don’t think our sheep population would force the government to collapse
*Reads the text*
I think most older people soften their accents but don't completely switch
They would get 45 kilometers of coastline
What Are Some Affordable Universities That I Can Study Computer Science As a Non-EU Citizen
Turkey is similar to America in that both countries have about the same percentage of religious crazies (
Don't forget that Boris Johnson's grand father was actually Turkish
Corny
Propaganda is the essence of politics
Credit Cards with NFC, Cash(only applies for minibuses), -insert city name- Card or Tickets
nobody complains about, for example, diplomatic imunity
I first began to learn English at school at 11 years old but until 20,I can't speak,read books and can't watch series and movies
Gideceğim and Gitcem mean same but shorter on is used in daily talking
My problem is that now I won't be able to get the full value I paid for because my government is retarded.
i think my generation knows trump from back to the future 2.
sure you will hang out with the locals though almost exclusive to binge drinking
United Kingdom: Birleşik Krallık (United Kingdom)
because that guy over there wouldn't like it
Partly because even if there wasnt a second invasion Turkish Cypriots were still gonna stay there forever because it was their right and if there wasnt a second invasion UN would probably recognize the country so more settlers would come anyway
You want them to liberate the Uyghurs how, exactly
It may be a Russian hate thing but I'm not sure.
I am not sure for my country really
Sword and drum machine also originate in Turkey
Too much fat in the foods, my body almost wasn't able to consume the fat
So, nope again
I'll add another voice to confirm that Greece is not discussed at all in Turkish politics, just in news, mostly about Tsipras and economic crisis, and usually with some sympathy because you guys are in a really bad position re: more established / economically powerful countries, a position Turkey finds itself in fairly often
Hagia Sophia
Seems a bit overblown as there were no actual explosions.
There's no law that says a cabinet secretary has to hold the same views as the president, although it is the case 99% of the time
Mount & Blade series is probably the most popular one
Also, the (in their mind) excessive police response and the 'shoot to kill' authority given seems to them like an attempt to further escalate the situation.
Well, that was the entire story of Turkey
Example:
In the future
The person being interviewed will use one of them casually and accordingly
Moscow for seeing the modenism and skyscrapers
Which one do you think is the worst?
Look at all those female majority, white majority or black majority companies
For comparison, US’s GDP is 21 times larger then Turkey’s.
unaccurate as usual
Holy crap, in Turkey the rest of the sidewalk would turn and beat the shit out of the abductor
*triggered as a turkish person*
One time we were drunk in my dorm.
If people act like idiots they should be called idiots.
TL is losing value and crashing like Twin towers.
A masterpiece
Despite this,Turkish identity comes first.Nobody attacks anyone for being a Circassian, they are considered Turkish.
Why
army cant invade politics
Not only it would cause an international outroar, it is also not Turkey’s decision to make
but why
The Turkish Language Association (TDK) was founded shortly after the proclamation of the republic as the regulatory body of Turkish, one of its primary goals being the purification of the language
But because of Erdogan's Ottoman fetish and need to show off we just poured down millions to this huge concrete replica of medieval mosques in 2017 that has no architectural innovation
It wasn't until much later that the West finally caught on.
İs Putain Come From Collaborator Pétain
Turkey doesn't care what you recognize though
At this point, I think Erdogan doesn’t gives a shit about eye’s of the world, anymore
MHP's leader Bahceli might be idiot but there is still a strong opposition inside MHP who would not vote yes to this new constitution.
You need hollywood to make movies about ESA
Abdul Hamid did not brainwash Kurds or used them, they willingly participated in his massacres and after 1915 even committed them themselves without receiving any orders.
In one city maybe 80% of women wear it, in another city around 20% does
Periods are still broken between the two.
Hell, I'm sure some might want to participate as well and not just watch
Congrats
Different groups may answer differently.
I tried to say Israel isn't a dictatorship despite bordering awful countries.
im looking turkish it shows 93
I don't think this is how it works tbh.
Even a decrease in growth can trigger a recession.
Medians
Happy marriage
They would get 45 kilometers of coastline
Hope everyone is safe but unfortunately ive heard 7 deaths already :(
Greece is so beautiful and its architecture is absolutely unique with blue and white colours
You have to remember that Turkey before Erdogan had very turbulent 40 or so years, Erdogan has been at the right place at the right time and that earned him quite bit of a following, especially amongst folk who are older than 40 and saw the effects of 80s coup first hand.
I can imagine myself taking offense if my neighbor sent me a letter
Ottomans are something 'other than the Turks' though
Im sorry but ı cant hold myself moore, you and other 'western' subs always looking one sided
Are you saying that you are okay with Hamas' or Al-Qaeda's methods as well?
At the end of the day, We belong to the west
Funny thing is, just last night Zaytung [Turkish version of Onion, writing fake news] wrote [this]
Yes they can, who are you trying to fool?
Same, They fucked it up but current major is doing great to fix it
The Turkish government handed ISIS their man back after he had been involved in terrorism in Denmark.
I'm thinking either Canada or Belgium, but nothing solid yet
I was very interested in Swedish culture as some interested in Japanese (Started with Swedish metal music)
Not saying they're funny but why particularly Greece
Which Germany is best Germany
Phonecia
Isis was a rebel group until 2014 and Turkey didn't want to fight against them because they were fighting against Sdf but things changed in 2015 and Turkey started to bomb them in air raids.In 2016 Sf entered Jarablus with Fsa rebels and captured to town as part of the ES operation.Now ES forces are near Al-Bab(The last major Isis controlled city in northen Aleppo) and probably going to capture it soon.Many millitans from all sides used Turkish border from Isis to Sdf many groups smuggled thousands of goods from the border.For Al nusra Turkey supported it and probably wants to support it because they are strong and fighting against Assad but they can't and won't because Usa stopped supporting them and they damaging the term "modorate rebel".
Until gothic era whole christian architecture was dome based, it is still a common frame in the east.
Waaay Underrated
I appreciate that you even remember the names
Majority is not salafi
Below 20 is chilly and I’ll wear jacket
We have same game called “kızma bilader” means “don’t be upset brother” in Turkey
They would be too liberal for islamists and too ignorant and degenerate for non-islamists.
Since when was Turkey = Erdo
Oh thanks a lot for the explanation really
But I've never seen Case 2 happen yet :D
I quite like it, but a beautiful building here and there is quite nice
It used to be that way here too.
At] the first,they were testing teens generally,(approximately like %90)
How much more local can you get?
that all we eat is not Turkey ...
Their great-great-great-great ancestors lived where they live now.
That’s döner, not kebab
I think İncirlik American Base in Adana should be closed just for USA
But in every language it would be Japanese
Uh no almost nobody denies it btw
Any update on this
Aged 21 and I don't remember I have gone once
just shake it man,LOL
*Winged Hussar Noises*
As I said the state being involved in this is far from ideal, but it does work.
Lessons are 40 minutes and there are 5-10 minute breaks in between
edit2: Bringing up Armenian Genocide in online discussion to score an automatic debate win
_Nice_ Damn Why is Turkey so popular in eastern Europe
It's only good to use as an oven mitt or a coaster
He travelled to Europe, Ottoman Empire and ended in Egypt
Unfortunately some people will hate us regardless of Erdogan being in power
Estonia's situation was explained in another comment
Even if you are 50 years old and lost your home, job, etc
What do you think this is 1300s or something
In fact I would go so far and say that recent assassination of ambassador is because of AKP's media.
The Hamidian massacres mostly happened in Anatolia proper
Its the most important thing that people with indo european language group struggle with
You should ease up the paradox games dude.
After all those anti-Turkish brexit posters, it's really a shock for me to see that amount of positive opinions
I was also shocked by how low their computer literacy levels were
Dogs in cities are fed and usually very friendly but if they live in rural areas with a pack they have to be more wild and territorial if they want to survive
I hope for a day when UK government tells the turks to fuck off.
Not so proud of it but still good memories
I am not against refugees either, and it is horrifying to see them treated like rats here
They dislike every religion but Islam(they're obsessed about it aswell)They like to deny every fact that could potentially hurt Erdoğan government
dear usa pls don't start another war in our neighbours AGAIN
The mountain to the left of the castle doesn't exist.
Madrid can't send in the troops to beat you down if they can't pay them with your money
Kıskanmak = to be jealous
> Refugees
I like onions but adding onions to menemen will ruin it and I won't be convinced otherwise
Oppression of the Kurdish minority by banning their political parties
It doesn’t really matter since all they do is to listen to the big president and do what he says
From Istanbul to all Europe, just by a train
delet this
The one in the middle school was separate in my experience too but not high school
In what form do you like to spend your money?
If you want to prevent other world powers from arising you have to go old-school imperialist, the US is proof of this.
Tbh we dont ride camels
It's not a very serious thing :)
We may however have a big civil war over the origins of yoghurt.
They said it was suicide but Criminal Lab and other scientific departments said this can be suicide by evidence
It's pretty fun if you're Turkish, it's basically a clusterfuck.
No, We are not one of the state of Arabia and not every woman wear headscarf or obligated to wear headscarf in here
wasn't poking their nose into everything, we probably wouldn't have this situation anyway.
And if you think Cyprus isn’t Europe because it’s only 80 km away to Asia, just wait till you find out Israel is in Eurovision
> we are witnesses of increasing number of attack on Armenians
Religious lessons are indoctrination and a lot of detail stuff about Islam is taught
Those are much bigger factors for AKP’s 2002 election win than the 2001 crisis
Continental climate.Too hot in summer,too cold in winter.
Yeah honestly I find the sound of their names quite lovely
Of course, this is not a daily one but possible
It's not very common, just common enough that people don't find it strange
But I don't blame you, the media
I am and my family is not Muslim but we are also automatically registered as Muslims
We always talk about wars which were mostly won, tactics, commanders, sultans
I made up some rules for my playlist
This makes a nuclear powerplant cost effective in the long run
i used to get bored a lot when i was living in japan
>do many Turkish men wish they were not circumcised
Currently not but they slow it down for a while if something bad happens.
Everyone who is responsible in this will be punished."
It used to be mandatory in here up until 2016
How and where can i buy sim card?
One could also get the gist of a text in Uzbek
Yes they didn't, as Pantheon was different 2000 years ago.
This kind of crowd is a terrible public health hazard.
Obviously current Turks have more Anatolian, Balkan, Caucasian and Middle Eastern DNA than Turkic one but some Central Asian ancestry remains to this day along with our language and culture
> **jep**, it's safe to say he has won
People in Turkey are very friendly
ananı çeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ..googleye türbanlı karı sikişleri yazan dedeni götünden sikeyim
I'm pretty sure visiting an anti government website is just as 'risky'
Looks like a high school kid designed it
Illiberal democracies tend to keep "the enemy" vaguely defined
TC side is ready for a solution, they elected a pro union party, sent a radical unionist to the negotiations, never talked about Turkish military presence and now they are furious, leaving the table and the GC side is saying "well what can you do, maybe next time".
I actually find "the Turkish genetics" as a joke.
No, they have been in power for 15 years now so no AKP voter has any problem admitting to anything.
It doesn't surprise me Americans want to defend their allies more than Western Europeans, and that's nice of them.
Mods are you going to take action against these  opportunists
Istanbul was occupied by British forces and the treacherous Sultan was cooperating with them
Turks are getting attacked and injured by PKK supporters and Kurds only because they are Turks but what all you peace-lovers do is turning a blind eye to this cruelty, neither condemning nor saying anything about it
And I think Polish people still remembers and respects us for not recognizing their partition
I don't think governments represent the people, they just represent their own and allies' benefits
I can’t decide
That's strange, because they forgot about Albania and Kosovo (the state they created) aswell as us and Azerbaijan, though we're not completely European.
Things being clearly defined is not a good thing for the ruling party
ᕕ(ᐛ)ᕗ
oi we heard you hate math
One of my favourite mezes is octopus salad
(Use Bitaksi App to call one like Uber)
Majority of serious rebellions were in last 100 years of the empire which we call decline period for a reason.
It is the worst SIN you can commit
So yeah, it's Azerbaijan
Fucking gulenists and their artificial shadows that slander our great leader
He also sends 3-5 ships of food
I meant close it with your hand
You should ask this on r/Cyprus
Turkish cities are way way more compact than European ones - Look at İstanbul
so because i’m already used to speak american english, i don’t mix them
I think people also know Osman (I), Nasreddin hoca, Yunus Emre, maybe  Barbaros Hayrettin
Including the tourists from Israel
Quality content
The magnitude was 7
Everyone knows the only thing a right wing government is capable of is bringing a country down.
Franco Italian Brit ALLIANCE vs
You can get a villa in Istanbul,
You know you are part of the problem right?
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
Yeah let me pack my bags and return to central kebasia :(.
Yeah your personal anecdote has much more weight.
Depends but i would say: Antalya, Bodrum, the historical areas of Istanbul and Cappadocia
Even it does, Berkin had nothing to do with them.
People would sit and play wc3 DotA and CS while listening to this stuff
English QWERTY on phone because of my thick thumbs there's not enough space for all buttons
Thanks
The tradition is to make sure that mothers are over-protective and children are not given a chance to develop their personality as individuals
Csgo maps ahahah
But this allows us to realize that they were humans like us and liked to have fun just like we do
Built over a rocky mountain peninsula.
" is a pretty common question waiters receive in Turkey
Golden dawn goes toe to toe with our retards.
So they found a place under him.
France
By when Erdogan goes away we will sell I meant we will sell to a much wider market I didn’t mean that we are not already selling some of our nationalized equipment
(The letter *J* is not native to Turkish)
There is no difference between the Johnnies and the Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours
Sure but it would certainly limit a part of the islamic immigrants.
In here you have to pay a hefty amount to dodge it
From the sultanate of rum(Anatolian Seljuks): Kılıçarslan, Alparslan
Also we make Cornelian Cherry juice (got to look the fruit's English) here, it is pretty good
It's about Gülen and his organization.
Only ones affected by it, *when the coup happened*, were hardcore islamics, hardcore nationalists and terrorists
1) Geographic location
Sisli has great neighborhoods like Bomonti
Istanbul
Because of the staunch Catholicism in Poland the stigma and social pressures won't allow a woman to reveal her abortion.
Wish we had the same courage as you guys
I know, sounds rough
It happens, can't explain
Ancient Anatolia, Greece, Egypt, India, China(tge last are the least detailed)
Yes amk turning on my vpn just to see some nipple reports smh
Yeah, like her all other sane counterparts (Trump, Putin, Erdoğan, Theresa May) These people are all forces of unity in their countries.
The only reason he managed to remain for so long is that he really managed to use Goebbels tactics to the bit .
Islamists hate him a lot
Minister of Family Affairs and Social Politics sounds better
This is literally an act of aggression
After the right consolidated behind Erdoğan secularism became synanimous with the left wing in Turkey, but before that there were lots of right wing seculars.
Okay, we can have different opinions on that
How?That half still gets attacked too and that half (South) is mainly shia while North is Sunni.
You the mothers who sent their sons from far away countries wipe away your tears
As long as It is sufficiently easy to get to "Rich EU" and stay there (legal or illegal) it will be the same.
Genocide only triggers me if it's brought up in a whataboutist way
Edit: [link]
I had over 35 kids in my class
I find it very satisfying and cute
Also it's quite impressive that Russia manages to manipulate European elections with so little economical leverage.
You guys can count your cases
They have the Ottoman mustaches and tan skins.
Our health department used to give contraceptives for free I am not sure how it is now because of the anti abortion stance erdogan took lately.
It's harder to understand (max 50%, but it's personal)
There are a few scholarly ones, like Ahmet Davutoglu who has a PhD in Economics and Political Science, but they all got purged because they tried to run the government properly with principles
Ancient cities of Troy and Ephesus, as well as some of the first human settlements amongst others are also in what is now Turkey, so it's common for tourism related webpages or tours to advertise them as they are attraction
None of the reddit users have the credibility, knowledge and expertise in this area than Bernard Lewis for example
Its pronunciation is so similar to English word pussy, that means cat of course
And I'm not sure about the chronology, but the Russian Empire made the same claim too
Its Turkey, its a nice way of referring to Turkey in a sarcastic comment
As a Turk I don't agree with that but I can see why some would
Instead of being like high nose, never happy you know from where* people
Like he thinks:" What will I have for dinner tonight *biting nails*, pizza or wafels
We had splash splash pretty much the whole time here in Central Istanbul.
There is nothing wrong with trading with the BEST Korea /s
Thats literally factually incorrect lmao
What is wrong with the police this is their own people what are they doing
In Turkey, we want and feed them all
Moreover, Luke's dog Rantanplan was a parody of the famous dog Rin Tin Tin, star of [*The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin*] another Western series
I mean come on, if peace movement, multiculturalism etc existed in 8th century AD, why not space travel?
I hope it'll be easy to find a graph that does this fit separate countries
Why is noone doing this for the Uygurs
Things got funny when Turkish nationalists beat up an Uygur cook in a Chinese restaurant, because they thought he was Chinese.
We have an idiom that goes like "if we builld a statue of him, concrete we have won't be enough for his balls" that means he is a great, awesome, clever, brave, trustable person
No, but apparently she is Emine's favourite actress.
It's feeding their victim complex.
Eyes and nose
The 2015 attacks where confirmed to be done by ISIS
Didn't know you could drive for hours and not get angry
And the Muslim population liked it because it sounds like Islam bol, which means "full of islam".
I brought *THIS* here
but the "Most votes" didn't help him any way .
Maybe EU friendly would be a better use of words.
French
If it is my father's side; I would be a farmer in a small village of Kosovo called Gadima if I am not wrong
But that's normal since we're neighbouring countries anyway.
[Edit: [Video of her
We lost isles in Aegean sea so hard even Greece did not get them
The Muslims are taking over, there are no go zones!
Stripped from energy prices it's still only like 0.8% if I am not mistaken.
Damn look at evil fascist Turkey out to invade poor poor Greece.
This sub is much more far right than European average though
Especially the food
Literally everything can i say
(Secular Turkish expat living in US)
I don't think parents should make their kids work or get them to pay rent before they're at least 18-19
Both the European media and EU politicians were praising him for Ergenekon and Balyoz operations, with parallels to Italian mafia prosecutions.
Silence
And here I pay 145 Turkish liras for 3 mbps download
The ones you wear look like [this]
Peaceful place indeed
I am student that studies politics in Ankara it s really easy yo get to the university it only takes 5minutes
But you guys didn't read the names of our purged officers, journalists and lawmakers by Gulen and Erdogan in [Ergenekon trials] in EU parliment.
They have lots of schools all around Europe and Africa, he has pictures with pope
Ww1 isn't a big part of Turkish history tho
Most of this is population exchange.
I don't remember Jews one
My point was it is easy to change the words or doesn’t show other side of the story
Literally changed the constitution and switched from parliamentary to presidential system (Turkey)
10 minute walk
Moreover, even if they somehow died, they'd still deserve respect
3-Russia
History has been lived, and future await to be lived, and what is the best way to live it rather than by sense of humour?
erdobots might hear us
I think everyone should periodically
Do you go through my profile to refute every point of mine?
This is a big security concern for Turkey
>kebab shops are in turmoil, doners are woefully incomplete
So how do you shit with that 564 years old butthurt?
To be fair, EU was trying to be more humane then their own country(wo/)man
And still no transitria
Yeah, it is like Turkish food
Majority is not salafi
It's general there are good people all around the world but I am glad you don't have a problem with it
Same here
Haha, MMA fits perfectly for you badboy.
Because when you play as sweden
Finally feeling the latitude I see
Erdogan’s channels say anti-opposition, anti-USA/EU/NATO etc kind of crap and whatnot (Whatever Erdo dislikes/opposes)
Not even a single "Turkey is not Europe" comment, yeaaaaaaaah based
Poland builds as many churchs as possible , follows nationalistic policy and says everyone is against us
You ignore the Greek sides' faults so I have to point them out.
I  believe we can say the same for the Çok da fifi
Not at all
There is a stereotype in Turkey about all architects being Laz
000 people including civillian kurds such as başbağlar massacre
Napoli and Marrakesh stink of piss so much that it hurts to breathe walking the streets, but to me if you prefer Dubai over Marakesh, I find your taste buds inferior to mine
They are absolutely sure that they gonna win it also if Erdogan lose 2019 presidential election , it might be end of him .
Everybody with a clear mind that is not brainwashed by Turkey knows that Erdogan knew of the coup.
Turkic people usually look very similar to whatever ethnicity they live together/adjacent and sometimes with a touch of Asian features.
Being good, sociable and helpful neighbours is very important around here
Scoottlaaannd    fooorrreeevveeerrr
What makes me pissed of is it took 15 years for such thing to happen and now you come and act like you guys always cared.
conversely, most goods are not that expensive
I would vote [this song] for Iran
ananı jerry kılıgına sokar tom gibi kovalarım elbet bir köşede yakalar sikerim
>when people use the english word when there's an equivalent
I just fail to see things getting better after years of it getting worse, but maybe that’s just the failure of my imagination
1012 Trilyon
It should be higher
We don't even use passports to go to the island, we just use ID's. Many people would have to aquire passports and even visas
There are about 13-18 million kurdish people in Turkey, including my Math teacher
There are words for and “and so on” and “etc” like “benzeri(depends on the sentence)” and “falan”. “Yemek memek” is to represent something you can eat but doesn’t specify like a full meal or snack or sandwich etc
Azerbaijani / Northern Cypriot - 95%/100%
I love Turkey
There's nothing subjective about it.
Greeks are Greeks and Turks are Turks
Just Ottoman Empire
Exactly
Are those Turkish ships on the horizon
Me and my couple friends were wandering around Porto streets and they were taking pictures of themselves quite long at famous rabbit pop art while I just wait at the corner
The true sons of the nations shall be lost, the young blood has to be spilled, bright futures shall be darkened
Close Incirlik, we are no longer allies anyway.
Sentence Structure, non-agglutinative, Words are not written as you pronounce them, English words are in Turkish is not much(Only 14% Turkish contains foreign based word which highest 2 languages are French and Arabic by 6%), etc
" (Korkma
and şiş kebap in turkish cuisine
Kâr means profit
Italian and Romanian are a bit different, easier written
yeah in about a month, the entire country will be hosting for cat orgies.
By the way, do you want me to take you TRNC
Lots of Turks in Europe worship him he can say attack tomorrow and they will but he never done that
He was definitely better though
I'm a very social and talkative person, so the language barrier is a big no-no for me
Europe, what an easy target for propaganda
The problem isn't that you don't need a majority to rule (well, that's also a problem but that's besides the point), the problem is that there are only two parties.
I am terrorized everytime he talks.
Turkey is usually free
Eskişehir was a little city in westren anatolia
For instance, the president can rule by decree, but if the Grand National Assembly passes a law concerning the same subject as a decree, the decree is null and the law is the rule of the day
It might be to protect them tho
Chicklets: *"Jiklet"* or *"Ciklet"* - Chewing gum
A small tweak could've helped in the short run bun Dollar being 3.3 is devastating, almost all economists agree that Lira losing that much value is terrible for the Turkish economy.
I will admit I didn't read every book we were assigned.
because im pretty sure it happened
When I first met Lieselotte, she headbutted me to show that she was interested
We are just a one big butthurt country.
man, you got the point
Talking to Greek people abroad gave me a more familiar feel than I expected
Then just include the European side to the map
Both turkey and greece have strong archeological museums
Well, Turkey is a country that got its independence fighting against a coalition that included the Ottoman state, so why would we give any shit to other nations that have done the same?
I really don't know
*ROMA INVICTA*
From the sultanate of rum(Anatolian Seljuks): Kılıçarslan, Alparslan
Not known by everyone for sure
always has been
Now this is my topic
Since after population exchange muslims came to Turkey
Vatan Partisi, founded by the meme of a man named Dogu Perincek who only gets 0
I also know that the Aegean aide of Turkey and Greece is so similar that its hard to hate each other that much
When I say them “Why are you living abroad if he is so good” or asked to “Come back,look our economy is rock-solid” they tend to say “I got my work going here” But we,who can’t move to europe, are stuck sith this idiotic bastards who can’t seem to understand the situation we are in
So far I've only run into idiots, and that doesn't bother me so much
Armenia is just Caucasian, which some could call an extension of Europe
Man you must have some serious balls to post this here.
AKP was born out of that decades of victimisation; when Erdogan, who had been arrested for reading a poem that criticized the regime in public, (and some others) founded the party, many Muslims saw it as a chance at religious freedom.
I agree both are unnecessary but uncircumcised dick looks ugly
We, at least, all my friend doesn’t go anywhere but to bed to sleep
Why aren't you protesting against China
Most of these terrorist follow separatist movement since 1980’s.
You're not wrong in the larger context though.
Because we dont find it delicious and good
” - Napoleon Bonaparte
Negative: "Bride-taking". The tradition of "requesting" the bride from her father
Dababy
There's a few reasons, one being what Capitalism has done to my country
He just wants justice to person who did this to his daughter
I feel like a European right now :')
Enough corrupt to burn a forest to built a hotel
"Are you black?" "do you speak arabic"
Many hours passed still no confirmation has come
So it's a choice standing up for 10 minutes vs sitting for 10 mins
I feel sorry for people who has to live there
A soldier cannot be a partisan, or else he is discharged, end of story
) to them, he basically make people irreligious, changed the "magnificent"(!) alphabet and westernised country
I have never heard of this event until now
The more far it gets from sea, the more desolated it becomes
Wow can someone turn a legal intrevention with foreing support in to an invasion?
To be honest when you said German when I was a kid, I was imagining this haircut
Not at all
But the ownership and control is 100% Turkish.
Aleppo = Halep
It is a city which it's main economic income is summer tourism.
So any Erdogan-blaming is honestly just trying to deflect from the real issue.
Pfizer is hard to pronounce for average Turk who doesn’t speak german
our streets are full of stray animals but we don't see it as a problem
If that gets verified this is going to get way more fucked up.
Said disabilities are often *intentionally inflicted on these people by their handlers*, so if you give them money you're only funding their suffering
Montenegro: Karadağ (Black Mountain)
He took our meatballs too
My understanding is that the Greek elite doesn't pay their taxes.
5m its around 700k.
I wouldn't have wanted an Arabic name, at all
People of Europe claims Cyprus is 100% European while it is located completely in Asia.
She didn't say anything even remotely critical of Trump in typical Merkel fashion.
Doesn't mean it's supported or it will pass.
Cutting down a fig tree will bring bad luck
And Piri Reis
You can track his speech on the foreign currency graph.
I see people from Black Sea region does that a lot as I’ve experienced it my whole life
Dardanelles Gun
Love Hungary
I won't let our only good data be forgotten
We are the most special nutjobs in the region that you have to care about so we just represent ourselves every meeting.
He deemed it illegitimate and forced another election
No leg room, smell, etc
That's the definition of being a crybaby.
After you passed the test you need to take driving lessons where you drive on a specific route.
Villamo FI
But after the Karabakh war they were expelled as well
Not to engage in a silly race nut there is literally a 2000 y.o. church at 200 meters to my home
Where are you guys getting these?
All except West ?
No WW2, no Cold War, no crisis, no coups, nothing
I'm not shifting any blame since ethnic Kurds *were* Ottomans as they are Turks today, and most of them lived in the East together with Armenians at the time, and one could say today they live in the East mostly by themselves.
So you went ahead to say that "Turks (in general) claim Homer is Turkish". You might have seen that on youtube or instagram somewhere, that is not falsifiable so it is beyond commentary but no, Turks (in general) don't claim Homer is Turkic
It tells the details of political discussion inside Turkey about WW2.
Most ottoman sultans are ethnically more slav than Turkish, and the language they spoke was ottoman language (an artificial language, basically Persian but with many Arabic and Turkish words) idk if that counts
only (old) gulenists dont hate from gulenists in turkey, i dont need to prove that to anyone
He confessed and also his fingerprints match.
The city is so large that you have to use some sort of a vehicle to get to places
apparently its called Ferhunde Hanımlar(Ferhunde Ladies)
Probably
There are better countries than Albania but what does that even prove?
It's because there is no organizing force behind protest **and** because law is fairly unlikely to pass.
It's because of 2 reasons :
Over 24 hours now
I have chosen Math because I wanted to be an architect
He was pro-european but anti-imperialism so I don't know what his reactions to today's world would be.
Gacha games are notoriously played by tees who are very vulnerable to developing addictions
Normally I can speak closer to standard turkish if I am surrounded by non-izmirians, but once I get started to speak with my family and friends from hometown, shit gets real
Activate my genitals and get a loan are the most accurate ones
There's been plenty of things we dislike.
So "ağ" is really "aa" and so on
So gauche is the direction that is not droit.
Among ALLLL the sites you can ban why imgur and reddit's own image hosting site
Why would we start a conflict with bulgaria
I thought Turkic languages were no longer considered to be in the same language family as Uralic languages, but similarities in the way words and sentences are formed in Hungarian are immediately obvious to me as a Turkish speaker.
As a Turk I can guarantee you even Erdogan can’t be that stupid
I imagine It was vice versa for them
Hahaha that's gold
Here the standard is Istanbul Turkish, and it's also more or less the written form
I think they do it on purpose
He is an islamist, listen to his speech.
AFAIK its only about Cyprus and Greeks that were in N.
> it rises to god damn 15 degrees during the day
Self-haters of every form exists, I guess some kind of deep freudian complex is the culprit.
Not only this mega mosque (that has a capacity of 63k people and never gets full) but also other "iconic" mosques like the one in Taksim Square could have much more modern&contemporary architecture like [this]
We find it rude to tell guests what they should do, so we didn't tell her what was wrong
Actually that's because of the ridiclous threshold we got here which is %10 for parties.
Probably most of us saw that coming from miles away
he initiated the Armenian genoicde resolution because he considers himself Swabian instead of Turkish and because he's an atheist.
We are used to it :D.
I am sure people  reported it to mods yet its been around for almost a whole day
They belonged to the Turanist/Turkist faction of the party while Kemal was in the pro-Western faction.
The treatment of the remaining Greek minority in Turkey is a disgrace
The temperature makes me energetic and joyful
That moustache can change a lot
I'm sick of hypocrisy of other countries
Ronaldo can say ''I pay at least 600 000 euros per month for that million I get, not my fault that you don't get a decent money''
The first one looks very interesting.
And when I look at USA all I see is "centre-right versus right".
Turkey/Georgia
I don’t even water my plants with tap water lol
I don't know which language is this, but it's too clear to understand
1 = bir
This fog is very nice if it's less than 15-20 days a year or smth, but if it's more it's bad
I saw yellow warning issued for Vidzeme for tonight but there has been nothing so far in Riga
A westerner is same same a French
Oh saw some from Tajikistan too when I was in Georgia
Don't know the name of the part of the city but it's all the way up Kurudere, close to the hospital there.
Ottomans were a noble ruling family of the Ottoman Empire, not a nationality.
If you wanna date back even more Great Hun Empire (204 BC - 216 AD) is known as the first Turkish empire
Voting is not equal to democracy.
I hope, but if this referendum ends with a 'yes' majority, it'll be way longer probably :/
Isn't the capital city supposed to have the standard accent
man, you got the point
SMS, whatsapp, facebook, smoke signals...?
Meanwhile, Erdoğan berates an entire 50% of people
You wanna be European so bad you inherited their imaginary moral high horse
[Better quality with obnoxious circle]
Dont get me wrong, but are milk-white skinned people able to get a tan
I wish the horse had kicked him more in the head...
The maximum Russians can do provide manpads to YPG and hope downing of more Turkish jets, which Turkey will eventually make more offensives and take more cities within Syria
They claim that there's nothing wrong with the country and would like to label everybody who oppose them as "traitor to the country".
Wasn't it like Scythian or something.
Suprised to see Doğan expanded there.
It's "çekiç" in Turkish they're must be related
Ankara is the brain and Istanbul is the heart of Turkey
If these barbarians were Muslim, they would obey the order of the Qur'an and not kill them
I especially hope Greece and Turkey to have better relations
I have been to both of them and I thought they were super enjoyable and well preserved
trash bins
His ministers don't check international websites.
Easy to Spot
Pulling out soldiers from the middle east isn't that difficult.
Yeah I follow some of countries politics like USA, UK, Germany and Greece
I'm from a red part myself ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Well yes but AKAM got the Nov 1st election wrong.
Its just obvious that people just downvoted you because you are turkish I just can’t understand some people
A wild random Armenian genocide mention appears!
Sure not every book is Quantum Physics but it's still better than nothing
Our national anthem is the only anthem in the world that starts with "Fear not
] Maybe considerable for second national game
We would use it for tea
Millions of Iranian refugees go to Iraq / turkey / Pakistan (Iran has 4x population of Syria), with none of the countries having resources to take any
Pkk supporters attacked a Turkish mosque in london
Hopefully he doesn’t die
In the Ottoman empire every member of the Royal Family, mothers, sons, daughters as well as the emperor him self were Sultans.
Why aren't you protesting against China
Hajj in islam also has pagan roots my point was that Christians celebrate is as birth of jesus which is all that matters.
I'd rather have a ribeye steak or fish
It messes up Turkey's territorial waters, basically
That, for example, is far from the regular Ottoman modus operandi.
Great logic,I guess Finns and Hungarians are desert people as well.
During 1st grade (2001) our class was 60 (wtf)
Yes, I do have moral values which affect my political opinions but I don't refuse scientific facts because they contadict my values, my values will change if they don't fall in line with science.
International brands:
We would also talk about how everything used to be better back in the day
Every time this is posted, I ask; what will you do with the 15 million people living there?
the moment you mentioned something like this, your room will be ready in couple mins
Presidential candidates only really concentrate at these swing-states
>The killings of Turkish Cypriots were not done by the republic of Cyprus but by an anti-government terrorist orginization (EOKA B)
30 = otuz
Does Hungary try to "Dispel myths of immigration"?
They also like to prey on girls in front of high schools and parks
For fuck's sake, what is wrong with people?
I am also happy that we will play in Azerbaijan
Turks definitely say it, and Brits too, judging from The LAD Bible comments section
There are countless Turkish movies that try to go in line with western production qualities, and have engaging stories
>Trust me the Islamic Jihad for liberation of Palestine, Hezbollah and IICR of Iran aren't fighting Israel because of Palestinian rights, they are fighting Israel because they hate Jews
As a Turk, who is been to Germany and tried the famous Döner shops (so i’ve been told),  I beg the differ
Ultimate camo
Sanctions would actually might increase his influence on conservatives because they already think western nations are out to get them
“Türkiye Devleti bir Cumhuriyettir
Giving Turkey to Greece, Greece to Turkey
No it's not, it's a reaction to the Constitutional courts annulement of the previous law.
Coming from a big city where you can even get 24/7 home delivery for free, everything being closed on Sundays suck.
Like the women right to vote or we establishing the rupublic
So, nope
I guess one of the good examples for this is Romania and their involvement in holocaust
I still don't see any evidence coming from your side.
i feel extremely safe when i walk at night but i am a dude, so
Rakı for sure(no, rakija is another thing)
Hmm, which bone structures are irreversibly changed?
It's a concerted effort from different angles to shore up his own voter base.
* [Selimiye Mosque and its Social Complex] (2011)
Getting millions less votes than your rival and being elected as president seems wrong to me
Other parties have also approached similar issues, but focused on them a lot less.
You just cover-up the ugly side of things by using religion such as "how much will I gain from this and what am I going t lose in return"
Can't wait to have Erdogan get mentioned a thousand times on this thread
Republic of Turkey - Republic of Poland alliance, whenever Erdoğan gets the fuck off.
Mizeria seems like it could be a distant cousin of tzatziki
I will live my life after 35 in one of the bays of our country
After all, those purged positions were filled by the Gulenist whom were incompetent and didn't deserve that position at all.
While the war was brutal, it was also exceptionally gentlemanly, especially between Anzac troops and Turks
Also many of those villages are small settlements thats why they are dots meanwhile OP's map gives the impression that bold green areas are majority Armenian
During the 80 Years' War, the elites from Holland had gained major influence, so they actually were against recapturing Antwerp in the later years of the war
Russia is beyond us
Local manufacturers are cheaper and the end result is more sturdy
i don't blame these akp politicians tho they just represent ''that'' part of the country.
We builded worlds second submarine in 1719 and instead of using it for military purposes we used it for circumcision ceremony of III
You can listen to google translates translation it pronounces his surname correctly
The institution acts as the official authority on the language (without any enforcement power), contributes to linguistic research on Turkish and other Turkic languages, and is charged with publishing the official dictionary of the language
Protecting the people and their property
And I’ve always got the feeling that you’re not very fond of us
France in 1791
That moment when you have nothing better to do you block the fake negotiations that was not going anywhere for the last 17 years.
Seen as people with weird dicks, treated the same as a regular person
It's a smart solution to a bs problem lol
Is this really the same scale as the others?
But joining the EU
The idea of anti-imperialism is destroyed by our application into Nato and the Kemalists and (Obligatory) militarist wiev of our military is completely destroyed by the 2008 Ergenekon and Balyoz plots
That's some shit from Jim Gordon in The Dark Knight
Fuck if I know
I should have made this comment
that all we eat is not Turkey ...
On the contrary, Turkish people who are born in Germany typically end up in some form of Germanophilia if they come back to Turkey for work at some point
Yeah, it's abnormaly cold in Turkey, too
The first pack of cigarettes back in time.
Humans get hungry to know when to eat
Hopefully we I won't see the days where we're seriously compared with Afghanistan...
Oh, Istanbul’s population growth wasn’t natural, most of it was driven by immigration from lesser-developed provinces
We talk about ourselves, news, education, life and politics
I am in Turkey rigth now and I can't see anyone dying
See how the man you voted ruin your business.
The masses need something to forget about their misery for a while
BTW Gorran is not exactly anti-Turkey they are mix of both PUK and KDP.
I know children 5 years younger than me had classes of 50 people
Argentina, Finland and Korea
The father beats him up so bad that he dies sometime later
As someone who has his own reasons to be butthurt about the US, I am really glad we aligned with and I am really glad about our alliance against the Soviets.
Anywhere in Switzerland
That's different
she has no idea about uyghurs hasn't she
#AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Most of the cases passengers greets bus driver in Turkey
I don’t think majority doesn’t know climate change other than its name
If you are to visit some bigger cities you'll often see people drinking at bars which are  usually quite crowded (especially if it's evening or night time) and hear the call to prayer from the mosque at the same time
Oh, Istanbul’s population growth wasn’t natural, most of it was driven by immigration from lesser-developed provinces
Show who pays the most
It's obligatory secondary education process in Turkey
Half of the Kurdish population in Turkey vote for Erdoğan.
It's the robe of that university, used in a ceremony to receive an honorary PhD
When they visit İstanbul, they usually only see the historical peninsula
It isn't the same thing
Famagusta = Gazimağusa
oi we heard you hate math
Probably depends on the person
Educated Turks usually prefer Anglosphere.
lol There is something terribly wrong with the Slovenes and their taste of humor.
They sit still all day and don't say anything?
In schools, the language of instruction is only Turkish except for the foreign language subjects
But you said they were in charge in the pogroms together with "secular" DP.
San Marino: Oldest republic still existing so
They already lost Istanbul in local elections
The name translates as currycomb (horse comb) and it's about a gorgeous currycomb of a wealthy family
I'm not going to name cities but a city with lots of big buildings are just not worth visiting imo
The song starts with the line "Viva la quinta brigada".
A masterpiece
what a beautiful freedom of expression ...
A friend of mine (who wears no burka niqab türban hijab or whatever
I am like biggest Erdogan hater in this place.
What will their position be when their dictator looses
He played a smug Swiss banker in Wolf of the Wallstreet, that's why.
"Siktir" is absolutely true by the way
” Yeah, I admit it
Well, to answer your question i first need to clarify a few things about kebab
Actually I don't remember this being taught in Turkish history classes either.
Welcome to Ottomanist bullshit .
Isn't strait that geographical formation as a whole?
For comparision, Turkey’s population grew about 8 times in 100 years(10 million to 83 million), while Istanbul grew 20 times(900,000 to 18 million estimated)
we are super mad at erdogan and the government but this article is just insane since erdogan himself visits these night clubs.
Hoi4: USA, UK, Japan, Italy, USSR, China, Yugoslavia
Finally
IDK why we re still contacting for this
because MHP basically ready to hand over Turkey to AKP on a golden platter.
It's a bit too tense for me right now.
Turkey
[In the battle of Talas] Karluk Turks were serving against the Chinese Army as mercanaries but China oppresed Turks at the time
Certain identities are believed to commit more crimes than others; however, empirical research shows that immigrant status and criminal behaviour are actually inversely related ([an example study] What many people seem to suggest as a solution, namely deportation, does not even reduce the crime rates ([an example study]
I was a nice name change I think
Merkel for sure, but does not matter, most of the others would be pretty good too
Ananas aldırdım/i ordered to buy a pineapple
I like the Turkestan flag
In Turkey people use 'arşın' for agriculture measurement and a traditional unit of area unit which is called 'dönüm'.
tnx bye
Imagine actually thinking human life matters lul
For now, at least
Don't accidently cross into their turf.
Unfortunately, most of them are generalized and viewed as conservative, pious, and pro-Erdoganists
Yes, they somehow think that we don’t like him because we want to give lands or something
I just like yellow lisance plates
What news
It was a powerful empire in 15th,16th and 17th centuries,it conquered lots of lands and ruled these lands with justice
I prefer to visit the non-modern cities of Netherlands
Ayran: This one is more popular
* **Dönüm** - 1,000 square meters
Well after reading the comments of native speakers I feel good as if I achieved something big
Also Turkish "Hindi" means İndian (The country one)
In WWI, enemies thought the same, believed the same thing, so it was more nationally driven.
Erdogan is a fucking horrible ass of a human being
Spain is my dream country to live
Some bow out and sail in to the sunset, some collapse under the weight of their own idiocy
Depending on how you interpret this.
I think you're fixated too much on what is just a turn of phrase.
Also Turkish dub of Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra was so funny
plus half of the kurds voted for akp (which could be anti-secular voter base of akp).
I am not saying they wouldn't be large party, I would expect them to be the main oppositiin but they wouldn't able to ride the wave of the economic boom
The worst part is that I will not regain confidence over my decisions until I am sure 100% about it
Other quality trolling questions: "I bet you can't drink alcohol in Turkey", (if victim is female +not wearing a headscarf) "You must feel so free here in Europe, you have to wear that headscarf thing whenever you are outside in Turkey"
Under my high school there is an old underground church
Russia has a base in Armenia after all
He became significantly more conservative and nationalist in the past 5 years
Und ich lerne Deutsch im die Schule
Turkey doesn't look accurate
My history teacher said that Serbia started the second balkan war
I know culturally Turkey has been an enemy of Europe for hundreds of years; but in the end your ancestors didn't manage to kick Turks out of Europe and you complaining about people calling Turkey europe now just sounds butthurt.
I could argue about that until the sun goes down (it's something I haven't truly settled on myself), but that's beside the point.
Dayum balkans, how can you be worse than us??
Respect my privacy a little lan
i can totally understand someone who speaks azerbaijani with zero azerbaijani knowledge
Also, swimming
I love how random some of these are, genuinely made me laugh when I saw that %12 hate Moldova
AKP also fans the flames by knowingly settling conservative Sunni populations in majority Alevi lands to change the ethnic composition which leads to frictions between communities.
No one can do anything about it
This is pretty natural as our language is fairly a different language than whole European languages
My question would be; Is the West Poland more or less liberal than East Germany
Gokhan simply isn't a thing
Some of these refugees go to their own country in holidays
They cut Donbass from the rest of the country, giving them an open wound that will keep bleeding and prevent Ukraine from joining NATO at the same time
They're run by govt-friendly people and the info they've released doesn't include details or methodology but it should still give everybody pause.
and my country isn't in eu
Justinian 1: Eastern Roman Empire was very big under his reign
He's just making a fool of Turkey.
you are the real deal people
What about Metaxas
And i  suppose they talk kurdish in their homes as well
They haven't been that great with other christians either but with Serbs it was a bloodbath.
Slowly transforming from Siktir
They can try for the best time, then chill afterwards waiting for the time out, and go their own ways
So they should be on such maps
Same, out of 138 subs, only one of them is Turkish
I (or we) hope
Also, the studies about the places are mostly in Ottoman Turkish and are kept secret
Getting access to a new market is one thing, losing access to another is something much more
Ankara, which was a small town at the time, was the perfect place to build the modern European-style metropolis Ataturk envisioned, compared to Istanbul which was a major city with a population of 900,000
More than %90 of the Turks in Turkey are muslim
You are free to contact the judge in this case ;) .
I didn't imply that Turks didn't believe what you claimed I told the actual truth.
Doctor fired for objecting to religious curriculum in Turkey
140journos, kind of a documentary news type of channel, This is the best one for me
They printed posters that say things like "we will ban headscarf" and put CHP's symbol on them
East or GDR
And enjoy some tea with friends and family
Even if we look at the thousand years that passed with our arrival in Anatolia, we have a dense history
Fairly accurate
A Turk who doesn't drink tea
Not really an author, but Orhan Veli is my favourite poet, he has little, adorable poems about the most mundane stuff.
Yeah, they had a crazy mayor
Greece: Yall have an awesome history(and are really hospitable)
I am sure you have, I have too
And look at thr president of Turkey he lives in a fucking palace
Im giving you the example of France because if they had any problems, you would feel the effects as well
I mean, I'm still a little jumpy when I meet someone that is greek anywhere in the world because I've had some random hostility from them occasionally, but that's becoming less and less of an issue, thankfully
However, marble covering and façade organization do not compare with Pantheon's architectural qualities.
I think that he is the only example of something happening to someone in a foreign country that has nothing to do with me that provokes genuine emotion
Definitely go there with a guide (audioguide works amazingly well, Rick Steves has a free one) so that you actually know what you’re looking at
A lot of terrorist attacks happened and are still happening in Turkey
Yea we count start from a thousand here
Italy's place currently filled with your [2021 Eurovision participant] :)
Russia, aggression to Ukraine and Georgia which if it escalates, I am guessing NATO will say something when it is near to full invasion of either countries
A Turk commend replied with a Polish Commend
I suggest the same to you
İzmir: civilised, educated, warm
In turkish
All the time
Huh
You don't waste your time in traffic, sometimes you can just walk
His argument was not "Ottoman Empire enslaved and destroyed cultures hence why Balkans have intense ethnic conflict".
All those executive orders, purges, being immune to opposition, martial law, all of them are what he gained in 15 July.
But don't let that mislead you, nationalist Kurds can be pretty conservative too.
And the police (in clear police clothing) have been arresting protestors
I recommend it to you
Some people I talked to in the streets legit said “they deserved it” about the Hebdo attacks
He asks greek first, he answers " I want to go back to my family" and in a second he vanishes from the island.
So i really don’t see the point of calling it as « fall of Constantinople » as in « fall of Rome ».City didn’t befall to Barbarians who sacked it
Started in primary school with, well...turkish english..The teacher was turkish of course and probably she had a basic turkish accent.
In any case, they wouldn't consider themselves Turks but Ottomans and "Turk" was mostly a dirty word, which changed only by the start of Turkey
I don't expect foreigners to solve my problems, just not to support the most diagusting political movement in this country's history.
Most Turkish historians claim ottomans still would collapse since they didn't reformed theirselves tho
Survivng almost 2000 years of that is the most impressive
I would guess that Greek government uses Greek names for Turkish cities and I have no problem with that either.
But in the old Turkish religion, god of the moon (Ay ata = father/grandfather moon) was a man and the goddess of the sun (Gün ana = mother day) was a woman
His authoritarianism is only making him less popular these days, but he has no choice but to hold onto it if he wants to stay
Nooo, dont get me wrong, i disliked most of its product even when i was a child.
Or they only have greater orgasm than circumcised guys
I like how your entire argument is my argument is flawed
Happy cake day
Baklava belongs to Greek
A Lebanese guy in video says it.
Cats are everywhere in western Turkey and people get along with them well though
I don't even like this guy but seriously, him needint to explain this tells a lot
> They might hate him, but he is giving them justification and encouragement with its statements
Gagauz is interesting as well
In 2001, it was changed/updated.
Kolay gelsin: This is what you say to someone who served you in some way
They used the source wrong the one about Turkey is a map of villages that had Armenian names and were changed later on in Turkification of Turkey its not a map of Armenian majority regions those villages could have any number of different ethnicities
Remember this comment in the next election in Turkey because I'd bet my ass on the line that Erdoğan is going to fuel a diplomatic crisis with some countries again when that happens
The reason for their crime and unemployment rate does not matter.
Battlefield 1-Monte Grappa
sen yanmazsan ben yanmazsam nasıl çıkar karanlıklar aydınlığa?
That was much more than just fighting the PKK.
A pack of them accepted me to their group and made me live a lovely one and half month.
North Macedonia looks like Recep İvedik
Only it, explorers and life were aired in Turkey from Once Upon a Time series.
where is Turkey
peynir=cheese
You think ethnic cleansing is something normal.
Sarajevo = Saraybosna
But you are right about the others.
Çomars:Çomar is the name of a dog breed but for some reason we use the same name to name our stupid,conservative and ignorant af people
Maybe you understand me wrong
Smyrna flair, LMAO
Other than that, I don't know their names
5 million speakers even without English, considering very poor English proficiency in Turkey
tnx bye
The fact that we have no gender system
Akp claims they are disputed and they aren't hundreds of kilometers away from Turkey or Greece.Those islands Turks claim are (disputed area) very close to Turkey but not far away from Greece.
Fascism doesn't only accept war and violence as necessary, but as inherently beneficial and progressive.
During breakfast, after breakfast, with a snack, after dinner etc
I mean really, not only does it cause a stink but you end up having to clean the toilet after every use because the shit always sticks to the dry porcelain.
A name or anything, so i can look it up.
Kindest person in Greece:
**The articles** does not exist in Turkish Language
I meant close it with your hand
If that means they have no rights there we should split Europe between Celts and Basques, and I'm not even talking about colonial nations in Americas and Ocenia.
Badass in Turkish
We can't have a good economy if we distance ourselves from Europe.
İts same as "go f*ck yourself" thats how we use it
This is a shame for all of us
Just usual AKP bullshit to try to appeal European Turks to give the impression that Turkey didn't abandon them.
In addition to the obvious and official ones, I see a growing trend on YouTube with increasing numbers of people reacting to Turkish music videos/introductory clips
I miss our old isolation policy.
A researcher who is qualified on the topic will use -di
The more people become uneducated and ignorant the more he has a chance to win again.
); but was at best a supraidentity, never distinct enough to overwrite existing cultures
As far as im aware nuclear has the lowest fatality rate out of all the energy sources
Came with English so same
Our exports are dependent on imports, we have a mid level industry, can't make anything from scratch.
You are a known AKP troll in /r/Turkey, I will not comment on what you said.
Which is Balkan
Instead you're always making a big fuzz out of it and someone in Europe eventually says something against him or Turks, which he then again uses to gather votes from his base.
Police officers, sure
O_o
It makes sense for Norway since you guys are surrounded by our nato allies
Nah it looked really weird, like a South American city.
A picture of Erdoğan while he was serving jail time (1999)
Demanding evidence doesn't mean I'm one of them
Haydut here, means bandit, i love how all our cultures connect at one point
>Hungary has the oldest underground railway in continental Europe
So if anything we think is similiar to Erdogan's, it is provocation in your eyes.
Bosphorus view from Beşiktaş, İstanbul
Because of this, Europeans are held to a higher standard than other peoples
Secularist Muslims have been secular since forever.
625 are for children
Normally these maps just annoy me, but that Turkey-Greece border is devilishly elegant
Regional differences also exist among some words, which are typically influenced by the neighbour languages or archaic words
Is it bad meaning other than related to Mongols
he literally went from 'bad israel killed innocent civlians who tried to help poor palestinains' to 'did you ask me to go to the israel?
Greece ( Aegean Islands and Cyprus disputes also population exchange issue)
By that way, we got into Libyan civil war too and Greece got rly mad
I've seen people believing the latter a lot so if anyone is wondering, no, there are no deserts in Turkey
Turkish, obviously
That's actually wrong because you are confusing two types of distinct military class in Ottoman armies.
Austria should mind its own business.
Europe always throws dirt on Turkey
They produce tv series with our tax money
%50-60 of Turkish ppl care about Palestinians idk why
Constantine XI: Was a good rival
but it wasn't significant enough to disturb the majority (it was actually liked by the religious rural population and urban lower working-class whose interests were often undermined by the secular governments of the past) and he had the support of businessmen who were pretty content because of the good state of the economy
If they lied to gain votes, reelection
" for religions as one believes its true cause they believe with their whole heart
Turkey is big and the climate varies.
Also you need to be able to park and hill-start the car.
This time it Turkey should do nothing
Also Israel wasn't an enemy of us,we became rival to them,because of Erdogan
Was his hairdo causing someone to feel ill?
Anyways Wikizero is a thing so no biggie
Fucking cats everywhere, especially in Istanbul
Con meyd hiz vey tu e tavırn tru du dark forıst, onli tu faynd aut dat hi forgat dı maniy
So, people are psychologically inclined to consume as much as they can, because they already paid for the whole package
Naaah fam they don't know reddit yet
I see a lot of similarities
Je ne sais pas
I gotta say my people don’t get sarcasm which leaves me dry so many times
I don't think it is less than 10%, but it certainly is lower than 50%. It seems more like 15-20%
Ok dude
An 17 year-old leftist kid (Erdal Eren) was sentenced to death although the decision was overruled by the supreme court twice
THE RING OF FIRE
map is probably wrong istanbul and western anatolia has to be at least yellow
Especially for restaurants
Israel
It's the Islamist stache
İf someone asks you "Didn't you go there ?", no matter you say yes or no, you will be saying that you didn't go there so in order to avoid confusion, you have to reconstruct the entire sentence like: No/Yes, I didn't/did go there
They are often rich and stupid
Well, there's a milyar over there
No, our economic ties to China are too large to risk
To be fair they started a world war to kick the Austrians out of their country.
Tbh Istanbul isn't really the most Roman city in Turkey, its been Anatoliafied.
Now that they are at war they are trying to purge each other.
He does whatever the fuck he wants
We have a city named [Batman] .
waterside mansion
There's also the tradition of the evil eye where people use a nazar amulet for protection from jealous people or bad luck
They even say "haçan" while talking
*Saltanat didükleri ancak cihân gavgâsıdır*
Instead, use BiTaksi to call a taxi, they are rated at the end of the trip like Uber so the experience is overall more positive
&#x200B;
For Me:  Erdogan&Adnan Menderes
Typically America is where is marginalized minorties flock to when parties like these take hold.
Ok, I will tell you longest profanity I found:
\- ........
If they don’t, there should be repeat elections and banning that party to be in government
It has an amazing atmosphere that attracts you
Indeed, their demographics in the East vastly surpasses that of ethnic Turks.
Every monday they would check us for hair and beard length
The constitution is more than a piece of paper there.
[Demre] the birthplace of [Santa]
You never know what might happen and it would also stop USA's complaints about freeloaders in NATO.
Then they beat up afghans carrying Afghanistan flags because "they were carrying Kurdistan flags!"
Kebab is a different food group its incorrect to call a Döner Kebab a Kebab
Non gender language stronk
Turkey has been suffering from terrorism for decades and when we stop fighting them, they get stronger and explode themselves in our city centers, killing civilians
I found it quite similar to rural Turkish spoken in the Black Sea coast when I was there
40% of the country has voted for a party with a liberal rhetoric in the last election.
As you said stuff like this happens regularly and has been going on for years.
Wow he is dead after 3 days
One of the users on syriancivilwar explained it
The Turks in Germany are backwards because Europe has a radicalizing effect on Muslim emigrants.
I guess they do, their production quality is better than older years
Also by nationalizing I don’t mean entirely government owned rather owned by government and Turkish private companies
I wonder do people think writing “but what about armenian genocide” on every Turkish related post does anything at all
This is hillarious
I am not %100 convinced economic sanctions hurt the ruling government's popularity.
3 Finnish ladies were offended when I thought they were German.
Or it could simply mean any variation of:
I guess old Turkish movies about Turks in Germany diaspora or my lovely old German neighbour who lives in Turkey for nearly 30 years maybe has effect on me
I guess it's because of the KNVB that they think oranges affiliate with the Dutch culture since Turks like soccer so much
If you drew his moustache thicker and longer it would be a left-wing moustache and it would point out to some correlation between leftists and Erdoğan, which wouldn't make much sense.
Brain salad
Oh btw, we have profanities you can't even imagine
Retaining "**political and legal institutions**" doesn't change ethnicity, only state system.
Actually in my opinion, Meral Akşener must beat Muharrem İnce in the first round in order to compete against Erdoğan
[and now that I checked] they're back or were never removed?
Or if you have Islamic names you are from Central Anatolia because central anatolia most islamist part of Turkey
If you don’t turn them into kill shelters -shelters that kill dogs/cats after a certain time limit- shelter option is not an option
" I believe its origin is Arabic
You cans watch on Google and YouTube
they're taking revenge
Contain your assumptions
The ruling class was Turkish, yes; but same way the Greek culture you mention persisting despite Ottoman dynastic rule; so did Turkish culture
Panoramic view
The Ottoman Empire and Old Middle Asian Turks
referring to the economic crisis of the Lira losing value
İts probably not from the government
American system is able to do more big changes easily than the European one
This is your country
I was talking about this map only, it's a misunderstanding on my part
But its just politics I guess
If they come when called and play with you it's a nice neighbourhood with good people who feed and pet the dogs, so dogs expect warmth from humans in general.
Madlad
Now Erdogan can't call CHP "traitors" or something along those lines as a propaganda.
What happens to homeless
You are all wrong about one thing
Percentage of Europeans who are willing to fight for their country
And when i went to see it 2018 christmas it was on restoration again
This is clearly the public opinion right now.
I first learned about the coffeehouse-Ottoman connection in highschool through my music teacher with [this] song.
Iran: YES
In the moment every revolution seems like it was started by madmen
If you leave your house in your 18's  you need to work where ever you find if you are not a brilliant person and most probably will need to take credit from a bank because the salary they give you will be 255€ or less, it's in extreme difficulty here
Etc etc
It's anniversary of a 'revolt'... Against us
To which the answer is very, very rarely
Myslovitz- długość dźwięku samotności
Jeez dude calm down
We have F Keyboard but most people use QWERTY with Turkish diacritics (ı, ğ, ü, ş, ö, ç)
This doesn't apply to foreigners obviously
What the duck is wrong with you people thinking your ministers have a right to make speeches in foreign countries?
They are a separate breed basically.
In Turkey, yes
Almost certainly lower than Russia.
When this thing happened in our country most of us really devastated
USA is quite nationalist and politically active country reaching to 85% turnout shouldn't be that hard for you guys.
eskiden ordunun siyasete karismasi gibi sacma bi dusunce vardi 5 cumhurbaskani darbeciydi 12 mart falan ... belki fahri Korutürk yerine cok iyi bi lider geçecekti bunlar ulkeye hizmet yapmadi geregince bence
Yep, atleast Kaddafi was giving share to his people.
Hoi4 changed me
Also, mr
According to the west, YPG is a legitimate force, supported by all western countries.
You call that enormous
-them mentality
And finally the "umbrella" of everything, Turkic and minorily Caucasian roots
K-1
It's difficult to see any hatred word or insult by Turks to the 'Kurds' (not terror groups) since the operation has begun, unless we are insulted
Yup, plus the pools look like NO has a 5-10 percent lead over YES, so he needs to do something.
I mean, it speaks for itself doesn't it
Not very common outside of national holidays though
In fact, they wanted it to stay that way, because Ottomans Sultans and especially Mehmed II considered themselves to be the inheritors of the Romans.
Ours change names every now and then
And feet
All the names of the Turk rulers’ names
It was called the Marinid Empire/Dynasty because of the dynasty.
I'm against Turkey being a full member of EU but we should present united front against big corps
Dude, I am from Turkey
There are more if you're interested
Btw lucikly reddit users don't rule their countries, as Bulgaria is friendly with Turkey in real life
We will see, Britain left EU and others will left too, be sure
I’m cautiously hopeful
Other than that I think we are very close with Azerbaijan and we call Northern Cyprus "our baby homeland".
If the maps and clauses weren't locked and secret I would've given sources, I can't in the current situation.
E = Well would be the closest translation, but it's informal
But today i'm sure about it
We have it
Edit:
fair point
Then Turks sent special forces to west islet and planted their flag(so Turkish flag on the western one Greek flag on the Eastern one).
right
Just watched the Romanian movie ["aferim"] (2015) and loved it.
Look at all of the happy Europeans here, not worried about Net Neutrality
Unless the guy is confirmed to be Turkish this comment is massive misunderstanding of the situation in France
Don't be mislead by Turkish date
Selpak - Tissue paper
K-1
I feel anxious whenever i go somewhere crowded because terorists always targets that kind of places where there are a lot of people around.Touristic places should be more safer.I live in capital city but i think Istanbul is not safe place to live in.Sure it's good place for tourism but not for living.
There were two different ruling points after WW1
Being brave, it can also mean that someone is successful or manly
You can't even elections every week in case someone changes their mind
In these covid days, i am trying to learn german
I dunno, Armenia warned about this specifically yesterday, and now they claim this with no further proof
Mehmed the Conquerer
Chinese man can't differentiate a Frenchman and German by looks, but he'll surely know they're different people after learning about their nationalities.
This is also why they were not considered as Armenians by the Ottoman government and stayed in their villages
Turkey and Greece be like "Why kill ourselves when we have baklava
Since some guy there got tired from heat and fired at sun a few years ago, lots and lots of memes about it are being made
Reminds me of xbox chats
Oh and, I really dislike Persian loanwords
He has no mandate to govern
For Turkey, primary foreign language is English, followed by German
its not considered an occupation in Turkey
You are right, coherence in religion and language through history helped these cultures survive
Sınce then we cant use wikipedia here
as a Turk yes it is true
The borders are fine, everyone should leave them alone.
I think they have that in beşiktaş.
Writing “a” in handwriting seems pretty difficult to me and I know only one person who writes “a”
The amount of homeless people, trash on the streets along with the quality of the subway was pretty fucking depressing though
Well, a couple decades before that day, Holy Roman Army was waging a crusade against native Bohemian people because of their religion (Hussites), but out beloved King choosed to spread peace and fraternity towards their invader but not againt a nation never fought against them.
How different are you from your parents/grandparents generation?
Old system was designed to progress you but you know someone needed idiotic system for their relatives to pass exams
Another thing is, get ready, Istanbul is not the capital of Turkey
Nastola IT
France was on the Protestant side despite being Catholic
Can anybody simply explain this situation?
edit: somehow he ended up shitting on Jews, too
Filthy Dutch nazis eating Turkey sausage to retaliate to Turkey.
This is your country
I really love it
The Bosporus freezing over is not something that happens very often.
How did you get that flair ?
It is the same picture if you change the British Flag to Turkish Flag
That is assuming that the Turkish speaking people from a lot of different region could feel as a Turk in Turkey just because they speak a certain type of Turkish.
Don't you think it's fine if they come knowing only basics, as long as they're ready to learn
The city is so large that you have to use some sort of a vehicle to get to places
Their grandfathers fought against Nazis, were killed by them and they symphatise them
Most people would say Azerbaijan, i agree too but i am going to say Greece, we both hate and love them, its complicated
Same with using Christianity or Islam
Neither but I'm from western part of the country and from what I've gathered it seems like Greece is culturally the closest country even more so than Azerbaijan so if I had to choose, I'd say European
But we still learn about them multiple times
Lucky you guys have such calm police.
Fully ignores the Armenian minority that still exists in Turkish borders
For example; today in my country(Turkey) daughter of the state council member appointed to very high position as a "judge" at her first day at the job
Oh i checked that number after uskumru's post and found out Erdoğan said"we spent 12 billion as goverment and our municipalities and foundations also spent that much.So we spent 25 billion for them"(dollar).
Full of conservative people, economically so bad and it has one of the worst university in Turkey
Probably Kırıkkale
They are the hypocrites
[Right one should be something like this]
Sorry, we're too busy forgetting its existance.
The tolerance largely came from the fact that for a good chunk of it's history, PLC was effectively a republic ruled by nobility, with a certain chunk of that nobility coming from Orthodox lands, and a good chunk of the population living in Orthodox lands.
Those "luck seekers" will travel to Europe illegally if they want to.
huehuehuehue
A Turk who doesnt  like tea
I hope for a kurdish party which really can defend minority rights without any links to terrorist organizations
HDP expressed their support for the candidate against Erdoğan in the second round
Well, the Kemalist section of the army remained loyal.
The similarity of the two leaders is also emphasized in Extra Credit's beautiful video series about them:
Weirdly the French are always the best at doing it
i got lost at heathrow airport, i followed my gut feelings and called my parents since i got so scared at that moment
Every monday and friday we sing it at school
Same group of allies that threatened Turkey by cancelling EU membership for every small matter?
Always thought it was funny
But Turkey is not commited to the West.
Architecturally it is just fascinating and has something the metropolitans and the common tourist destinations like london, paris, venice, istanbul don’t.
* cars are for some reason really expensive
In Turkey, i didn't see a single  one sunbathing topless anywhere my whole life
I never saw it with fruit, but that sounds delicious.
Nope
Then you probably don't know what the fuck is alt-right.
Turkey was doing badly before Erdogan came along, and he really accomplished a lot of good that's why he's got so much support.
There is no national pride in killing anyone, this is a myth, a lie and ignorant
Old people have very high expectations in terms of respect, be passive when conversing with them
Never saw something like this in my lifetime, this is insane
In a friday, he and an angry crowd of like-minded monkey haters just say "fuck it" and he fucking hangs every monkey he can find around the city
With some effort Salar and Turkmen are understandable too
Everytime of ottomans
If the Greek administration that controls the southern part officially call themselves Greek Republic of Southern Cyprus that represents only southern part, Turkey would gladly call them a Republic
Can't they see the rest if Russia somehow overcomes Europe, the first thing he's gonna do is to enslave the Europe.
Jerusalem = Kudüs
It doesn't mean the other, more complicated bits don't have a place.
Total cost would be nearly 572 TL ( €142, $152 )
I think Turkish culture is closest to Iran, Greece, Azerbaijan and Armenia, while Arabic is more influencing traditional and conservative elements due religion.
The best thing about baklava is, even if its terribly made its still great.
As a Turk you should never say such thing as it proves that you have no clue about your own history
> I don't understand how so many Turkish citizens seem to give so much support to the current government
Alsace-Lorraine was part of France until Franco-Prussian war, in WW1 they took it back and I don't remember there being any protest about it.
Absolute opposite of Obama
It’s like “u” in difficUlt”.
Right, but why can't you answer any of my points?
(I live in East Thrace)
I don’t know if they air this on Christmas time in Turkey, too but they definitely air Looney Tunes and Disney dubbed cartoons in the morning and Home Alone during the day and finish up with some good films at the end during first day of the year
Do they count these as knowing a foreign language?
If so gaining popularity in that subreddit may result one person who has government connection to check the subreddit
I thought generally you folks preferred Hellenic.
Sung in the jingle: Giochi preziosi!!!
They would teach you if the dead people were christians
Writers of the movie probably forgot this and ran as a Polish Jew
It is a Syrian plane and Ahrar Al-Sham said we shot the plane with 23mm which caused it to crash(also a Turkmen group in Syria claimed it).
If you keep supporting terrorists Erdogan never gonna fall, that's how he gets his power from his base
It's not legal but it's not punishable either.
Dude, that was 4 years ago
Below 5 is deadly cold
there are also laz people but to my knowledge, they never tried to secede from neither turkey nor ottomans
Worshipping or symbolising moon is not unique or original to Greeks.
With the unbearable traffic in the city the time isn't a factor either.
The warm words are for Syria, and nothing else.
Although I don't think any other group has managed to bring it to the foreground to garner the support of Turkish leftists before.
Ahahahah :) -eli is just the Old Turkic version of -stan, nice coincidence though
Oh okay, I thought it was suspended in 2000.
Holy shit, that looks good
those so called "animal lovers" are actually very cruel people
It is Erdogan's online army who does the reporting and they are not on reddit.
When we had a huge earthquake Greece was the first country to send help
Can I have one of those ?
It is usually kind of a jokely plead
You were the one talking about Armenia and Mustafa Kemal, not me.
No problem.Also they used Fedai which means suicide bomber but it is more like who sacrificed themselves but i directly translated it as suicide bombers to make it clear.
1147 = bin yüz kırk yedi
Depends which line of my family is considered
I wouldn't say amazing
yeah
Yes, snow example of you is perfectly right
-If it’s a religious day people share food with each other in an apartment
for a quick instagram photo or just for a quick pet
Also having land border makes it worse
>  People in villages will have lower class names than people in cities
It is an advantage and a disadvantage at the same.Europe is filled with many countries and a lot of them devolop their own system.Variety is a good thing but this graph doesn't mean anything(Europe is still far from united on economic scale while they are a lot less united when it comes to military).
I wasn't talking about Turkey but Turkish Cypriots, bringing Turkey into the discussion won't help you for you'll find out that I probably share your position on what went wrong after the occupation and the current Erdoğan government.
Yesn’t. I’d say Turkey is both European and Asian but also neither
10000 = on bin
The difference between them is just as the OP described.
For me, it is not a puppet state
Since some guy there got tired from heat and fired at sun a few years ago, lots and lots of memes about it are being made
Osimo IT
If such thing happened Russian radars would have probably picked the position of this claimed Turkish F-16 over Armenia
And most of these brown loud hairy dudes here are Kurds, gypsies and Arabic refugees instead of ethnic Turks.
Our memes are really shit
Thought that Mcdonalds was established in 1940.
Same goes for other Yugoslav immigrants.
Yes, that's normal I guess
Why
The new republic was like "not again germany"
But now we broke :(
Ataturk had literally zero responsibility.
Interesting
Yes it was named after 'Hint' which means Hindu.
He does follow procedure, mind you.
Just irritating
Why does Crete have terrorists?
From the fucking grave
Southern Europe would break apart and be in a never-ending economic crisis, while the Balkans have cycles of jingoism and relative stability as always
Makes it easier to communicate with everyone too you aren’t sure which pronoun to use wait you can’t do that they are same for everyone
Hellas <3
turkish words aren't supposed to end with b c d g but it is a foreign noun so it very well may be your version.
France is famous for protecting its language from loanwords here
"If you don't study and be a man, you would be a garbageman or a builder, maybe you would be a worker in an industrial area"
To be fair though, even my car driving style fits in perfectly in Istanbul, so I guess I've been ready for driving/biking in the city my whole life :P Now that I live there its just perfect for me
Kalay(Sn)
They bought lots of officials in American senate and in other countries, I think their idea was to reach places Vatican can not in terms of political influence via religion
It's almost linear with human development
I stopped watching when an army of Saxons were too afraid to attack a shouting cripple man on the floor
But if people keep parroting US bullshit they pick up on the internet, it'll only get worse from here on out.
It is a old forgotten dream
"Seni seviyorum
Because unlike LGBT community women are not a small minority you can ignore and suppress without repercussions.
Just no yogurt, please
Also everybody knows this is because of upcoming elections it is always fun when europeans use Turkey to collect votes from ignorant masses.
We have an idiom that goes like "if we builld a statue of him, concrete we have won't be enough for his balls" that means he is a great, awesome, clever, brave, trustable person
\- It would be great if the song have some distinctive elements about the country (optional)
The difference is you eat them **during** the match, not in half time.
Turkey was 94%, the best one Bosnia 96%. Hey others guys wash your hands after toiled eww its disgusting
He said those islands were not left to Greece with a treaty,so saying "we lost islands with Lausanne" is hypocrisy(Akp says this).It is important where it was aimed at.He isn't going to declare war for them he is just using it as a tool to show how Akp acts like.
Days are not that bad
Kilis, typical Middle Eastern city
Not Christmas but in new year if you have no where to go it is custom to play Tombola with your family.
Make your damn research before you jump the bandwagon
My uncle is living in the US and had his daughter (who is 1 year older than me) there
But as you know
Turkey was bored from all the Middle East bullshit so they left
It's always being buit
Should not vaccinating be abuse as well
Town of 10k. Mostly consist of old or working people so very safe
- Article 2: The Republic of Turkey, public peace, national solidarity and justice; respecting human rights; loyal to the nationalism of Atatürk, initially based on the fundamental principles of a democratic, secular and social state of law
Generally speaking, I consider Turks  a mixture of middle eastern and Balkan culture
E = Well would be the closest translation, but it's informal
My neighbour used to be a pilot in the military.
) But yes, the last Ottoman capital is in today's Turkey
Ottoman Empire at Its Greatest Extent
I love super far from the center, a very recently developed area and aparently I'm not using the most efficient provider but still, the cheapest you could get would be 80 liras
I'm not trying to be contradictory, I've never heard of racist event happening involving an English person.
There are two that are still in use afaik
They're basically threatening with war?
Netherlands for tall build along with colonization to fight above your weight
Ok than but i posted it because these kind of attacks increased(Pkk related conflict in Europe).If it happens again i ll try to find a source explaing that increase.Thank you for everything.
North East of turkey is influenced by Russians , therefore Caucasian while south eastern turkey is dominated by middle eastern culture
Yiğit Bulut is the Alex Jones of Turkey.
I can't answer this question because of legal concerns
Nevruz
There are red flags for USA to be kicked out but I've never seen anyone to talk about it
But AKP loves them so nothing will happen.
Do not underestimate how important the military is for a regular Turkish citizen.
I'll do uni+master here and after that i believe if I live two more years ill be able to get a citizenship which will be perfect.
[You asked for it
Sure they also fought each other but only when they were done with the muslims.
Still Turkey seems to be one of the leading countries with these numbers
Everyone's black around here
Turkey is important for Russia because of straits and mediterranean and Turkey is important for China because of Economic
Someone who should have been treated as a War Hero being ostracized and chemically castrated in a modern country is so fundamentally wrong to me
The Spahis were always more numerous than Janissaries.
Well, noone speaks standard Turkish anyway
Am I missing something here
i think the problem is economical rather than good food
However the reality is not that simple
"(with a perfect Istanbul accent)
Do cars(especially diesels) struggle to start up
Erdoğan's time will come but he wasn't directly responsible for the coup.
The nationalistic party Mhp and the kurdish and socialist party Hdp gets 10 each.
And probably dying at Russo-Turkish war several years later
> I do
Wow, I thought you and Moldova were fine
Czech MEP calls for PKK propaganda ban at the European Parliament
i just hope someone convince her to not cross the border.
Makes absolutely no sense at all from Russian perspective
Turkish schools do teach religion
We are fighting for like centuries but socially i always saw them as friends
bro it's not their independence day
A great number ~ 0
" Literal translation: "It's not on my dick
If loved and cared well, stray animals will be the spice of the city and they won't be a nuisance
Ataturk had nothing to do with massacres like literally nothing he didn't even had the power to do the calls.
belki baska bir sehirde daha vardir ya da ankara'da 2 tane olabilir
Doesn’t everyone do that
Turkey is usually free
[Duman - Senden Daha Güzel]
On the other hand Anatolia has a unique culture
Erdoğan is fond of it too and it works exactly the same way you said
Turkish dialects aren't so unintelligible that two people speaking in local accent would have (much) difficulty understanding each other
Also I doubt EU money is the thing that's keeping Orban from wanting to quit
greenpeace is shit too
Every other day another thing gets restricted and every day I'm embarrassed of my government.
And if an Italian or Spanish would speak Turkish they would sound like a Turkish person if they can handle our letters
Tho obviously erdogan's by far the worst "leader" out of the ones they put there.
No, no, no
>Mocking with a drawing is fucking harmless
Where did I say Ionians are Turkish
Asterix, Spirou and Fantasio, Lucky Luke, Tintin, I read them all when I was young
Especially for restaurants
I know nearly nothing about the 30 Years War, which is odd because my high school history textbook had an entire chapter about it
Albanian Muslim Father
Like I said people create their own worlds and their own realities
This includes monkeys from North Africa
"Aegea is not a greek lake, neither a turkish like
Sorry, your link only provided a preview, so I couldn't read it.
not you making turkey a desert country
nor are any politicians even the most extreme right-wing demanding any more land.
Z with the line is very rare
I remember an posted article here about how much the Ottomans hated the Wahhabis.
It is one of the downsides of liking history.
"Kill all non muslims" isn't in it.
Because its a wordplay from English
Well, this should be fun
In that night police came and subdued the material
Most earthquakes are weak, but stronger ones are frequent around here.
* they are not really accepting of foreigners
"We don't tell our intellectuals to stop thinking
turkic mythology\*
How dare you have a different opinion
Edit: Actually he can't even put it to referendum as that requires 360 votes and directly passing is actually 400 votes
Erdoğan by far
Looks beautiful
We have one rn, its not taboo but you can get your ass to the jail if you do talk too much bout it
Amazing how people can just make stuff up saying "dude trust me" as proof
But this doesn’t make me not see his mistakes or treat him as a god
If you have Kurdish name you are from eastern Turkey
Nobody forced Islam to come into this area.
The president was chosen by members of the parliament until that was changed to be by popular vote in 2007.
PS: Most of European languages are classfied as Indo-European
And we need a new government
to the east: the Caucasus
r/madlads
we callt hem tost
Hermitage
Also today's Greeks in Turkey map is unsourced.
>The reward is more about not being dragged into someone elses wars
Should Turkish thrace break off we could make an exception, though.
make
He literally appears 1-3 times per day and talks for 30-60 minutes.
I think it's fine, sometimes protection isn't the sole reason
Hot peppers if you want it to be hot
Things French love: Baguettes and protesting
Enjoy your islamic shithole driven by a lunatic dictator.
Let me define you the Kayseri
Edit: So nice people are here fanatics even downvote post stating facts
We haven’t have this Coronavirus Panic, yet
Doesn't matter the news is correct it is all around the media in Turkey.
Every monday they would check us for hair and beard length
He is a TedX talker and makes videos about everything
strange timing, again /s
We mean It's not on my dick
Any proof
Oğlum (Son)
I don't care what they call it, I just wish they stop making the lame joke.
I wondered whether a Chinese person share the same impression, but in a opposite way
" and they will answer it like "Hell, sure" or "This is not real Islamism" XD
Roasting Jack (Steam Jack)
1930s. A new modern republic, rapid increase in every aspect of rights and economy, great times, even just possibility to see Atatürk would worth it
I'd steal it too
I could get vienna flashback anymoment now
Why are they bad
Also for Turkish, don't be scared by new letters
They call themselves Great Britian , but even they are scared of the might of Albania
Kurds have been fighting for independence here roughly since the 70s. The PKK has been an active, terrorist, group since the 70s and there have been and are groups in the Turkish parliament fighting for Kurdish Independence, currently HDP is the largest group fighting for it and they have 64 members( roughly 1/10th of the Parliament)
it's on a whole another level
[they are a problem if you are old or a child]
Well, no, it doesn't sound like gibberish
I hope turkey will have its second Female president after erdoğans wild ride
In return, you offer them food and drinks to celebrate
i mean it **is** pretty weird for words to have genders
We have here too and it's exactly like how you described
Naaah fam they don't know reddit yet
This new DLC is great
Morocco: Fas
Goverments really should do something about this...
I wonder why no/few VPN services have servers in Romania then
Not all of us have pizza cutter, so we use knifes
Mother: Zeynep Kayaoglu
Why would you feel guilty for Live is Life
oh so it is something like "the likes of Mahmud", I see
Calm down Hungary it's not a race.
Bears and wolves probably
It's a genuine question btw, not rhetorical
And i guess situation in Ukraine showed us again -as they did in Middle East- the insincerity of EU and USA.
Thats utopia
His party has never got a majority at elections, but they're ruling the country by themselves for 15 years without a coalition.
Akp and Hdp are secular but %30 against secularism.
Turkey and Greece be like "Why kill ourselves when we have baklava
But turkey could not get it despite 30 years of justice seeking
I kept mixing İsveç(Sweden) with İsviçre(Switzerland) until I learnt where they were on Atlas
Our taxi drivers usually take the long route and show off the city
Turkey applies a great amount of tax on imported cars thus buying a locally produced car is way cheaper.
A simple example coming to my mind is Assassin's Creed Revelations
Depends on the location
I am pretty sure it's a constitutional thing which requires a supermajority to directly pass and Erdogan has only 341 of the 350 required
Greece
gangster wolfs .street culture
Jihadists who ran away from the SAA and YPG are accepted in the country by the AKP government.
That was a beautiful gesture, thanks komşu.
She tried to write a piece about secularism in Turkey and it was hilarious.
There are several Old Turkic epics like Ergenekon, Oğuz Kağan, and Alp Er Tunga
I mean we had the caliphate before the Turkish Republic was founded but right after the Republic was founded we adapted a very french way of secularism where doing things like wearing hijabs in certain places were prohibited
10 = on
It doesn’t have something to do with the population but rather the geographical conditions of the country
(We're talking about a country with 80 mil population here)
TRNC is also a place of different laws
Does Nutella taste different in the U.S.
"The shopkeeper continued his words by saying that he cannot *bring bread home
I know it sounds weird
We talk about ourselves, news, education, life and politics
I think we can both agree that Turkey was pretty much the worst place to attempt to build a nation state, and that was at best a mixed success
If that's the image you have of the Turkish population then you're a dumbass.
For example, while we learn that Poland fought against the Ottomans at Vienna, we don't learn *why* Poles fought there
Corruption, fake media, politics etc
Most of them were barely even 20
black sea is green as fuck but no good for swimming i'd say.
Now I understand everyone's shit's emotional right now.
Persians
18, also 2 of the 7 wonders of the ancient world are located here
National: Definetely dogs
FYI: We don’t like Erdoğan because he fucked our economy, not because we want to give lands to anyone
I identify as my town in another city and Balkanite/Mediterranean when talking to foreigners
that man had the audacity to kiss me from my cheek and grop me IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET while robbing me
Why is Hungary so supportive of Turkey's accession to the EU?
People suffered and learned from 2001.
turkey bad, give me upvote
Same
What stops them racing to show up on the lists though
Constantine XI: Was a good rival
most accurate is probably кырджалы. (I don't know you guys have that ы letter, it's more suitable to specify the I,ı sound in Turkish
Göz ve burun
Seriously, you're a fucking ugly little cunt mate, and if I ever see you i'm gunna slit your fucking face wide open yeh?
Ottoman architecture is certainly affected by Byzantine architecture but calling it a copy is like calling every building with columns copies of Parthenon.
Arkadaslari da ona "Sen bu konuya fransiz kaldin" diyor
Before HDP came about, CHP was *the* leftist party in parliament.
Turkish
Turkey used adaption of [Swiss Civil Code] between 1926 and 2001.
there are also laz people but to my knowledge, they never tried to secede from neither turkey nor ottomans
There are similarities, and yet, he is not the CHP's Erdoğan
PKK offshoot TAK claims responsibility for deadly twin bombings in Istanbul
Turkey is a pretty diverse country
I am not upset I was just pulling his leg.
peace loving, secular, feminist, vegan and gluten free freedom fighters
” Which often times doesn’t have to be a lie
Im pro-renewable but we should replace the fossil fuels with nuclear first to minimize the enviormental damage
It also has gems like: "A woman working causes a crisis in the family" and "When the husband gets angry, the wife should fall silent, ask for forgiveness and try not to anger her husband."
Further west, more open
In a speech in 2014, Erdogan stumbled and said "You can not preach my children about honestly earned food, although I have never had my children eat honestly earned food" to another party leader Kilicdaroglu
South west africa
It is relentless, is always hungry for blood, wants total domination and has great propaganda skills
Welfare in its literal meaning, not the $$ for unemployed.
They live together in the dormitory, where they plan their latest pranks
It would have to be Normandie but in Greece :DD
My ass
One guy used his shotgun to "kill the sun"
Why is european countries tolerating these sharia courts?
Didnt't Hitler send emissaries to Turkey as he started his reign of terror?
At the moment a big majority of MHP voters are voting No anyway.
when someone criticise the current govn't, this joke comes in
i havent heard that too, we banned it cuz of the infos on YPG/SDF page of wiki
While this is going on creating around 1150km long fully controled area by terrorist at Turkey's Border, you can't make Turkey(or any country) to shut about it
Are you talking about [Ayran]
I'm an exmuslim from Turkey
Asia minor is european
When we want to say that there is nothing more valuable than health, then we quote Süleyman
Mostly consumed by the workers/peasants
I was expecting to have more Germany search in Turkey
All you need to do is search the news before pointing one face of the coin to accuse something
When fundamentalists are interviewed they try their best to evade difficult questions but they never outright lie about what's in the quran, so you could probably filter out the vast majority.
Little known tale of generous Turkish aid to the Irish during the Great Hunger
Most Turkish city
just some words i can understand
Turkish Numerals
FYI his party's name is "Adalet ve Kalkınma Partis" ( Justice and Development Party )
That's very good news
“Alman hesabı” is our phrase for “to go Dutch”. Alman means German in Turkish and the root of the second word (hesap) means “fee/bill”. I believe it comes from Germans’ hard discipline
Today, the  national sovereignty and children's day
He’s done more harm to the country than any other
Each city has its own dialect, Each district in each city has its own dialect
Matterhorn
Turk bad
Hate crimes happen on both sides
If Erdo once again tries something as cheap as that cat and transformer stuff, I can only hope that Turkish people are not stupid enough to buy that
Well, that's true
] According to my research, the most popular kebabs in Germany are those two, who had been around ever since medieval times
Erdoğan panders religious people in Turkey.
No one exactly knows where all of the tunnels are
That's very good news
As the world gets richer, more educated and rid of misery religion loses its power.
Clear Sky and Call of Pripyat are counted as stand-alone expansions.
You don't give power to consent to children for a reason.
You could visit, but I would avoid Istanbul or Izmir.
If not, then it makes sense
Forza horizon 4
at least it was for me
It's a shame Merkel won't stick around
I'm already up to date and heard that new chapter won't be released until new year.
" which means "One nation, two state
Probably that is the reason
Even if I could visit 135 countries visa-free, I wouldn't. Turkish lira has less worth than Turkish passport lol
So in a funny way, Erdoğan is a more popular and credible leader in his country than Trump.
Quick, get that baby out of there
If this batshit crazy neo sultan gone in the future i hope we can elect a viable government which will dedicate the country to fulfill the ascension process.
Which created a Turkish community that's very passionate about their Turkishness and culture.
International brands:
Since I don’t recognise it, it means nothing happened
Ananizin aminda altili ganyan oyniyim gerizekali orospu cocuklari
So they ended up taking extreme precautions like this one to keep things legal
They do however produce lots of goods with high trade value.
Monaco: Gambling
His party runs on an us-vs
Nobody asked me, but if you will ask, I think Turkey belongs to Middle East geographically
Meaning would be meat in Turkish tought :)
1-East Rome/Byzantine Empire
Despite being pretty shit with minorities Turkey gave the Istanbul orthodox patriarchate pretty wide rights just to ensure orthodox religious leaders in Turkey were appointed from Istanbul instead of Athens or Moscow for example.
We haven't met the standards outlined yet.
I start to refrigerate milk after it is opened
Yeah changes in the britain and france is soo big i didnt notice others because of it
Izmir is where the babes are
The diaspora is abusing their rights, thus they come to Turkey once a year and they think it's all sunshine and rainbows
When we visit Istanbul, it happens the next day
In places where mass conversions happened , they retained their identity quite well.
Probably due to there being no confirmed cases of the coronavirus
I wouldn’t be surprised if the heatwave would not have been this bad without it
You want me to explain something this obvious?
We call it "ve işareti" or "ve imi" meaning "and sign". Or we just call it "ampersant".
The mass of skyscrapers are away from the city's center
i feel extremely safe when i walk at night but i am a dude, so
How can this be an independence war?
I dont know about other countries' "offical history" but the one in Turkey is pretty fucked up, especially when it comes to more sensitive topics.
Nationalist Bulgarians block border gates to stop Turkish passport-holder voters
Regardless of how the islands have two different names in two different languages.
If they speak slow, i can understand Azerbaijani pretty well
the weather will get to you but not as bad as you think
The other option would be Istanbul but it had been the capital of the empire for hundreds of years and thus was symbolising the monarchy; not to mention that it was dangerously close to the border now that the country has lost most of her land in the Balkans
Like a waiter, bartender, garbageman etc
Italia, Egypt and Anatolia for the most of the empire.
They primarily teach Islam and how to be a good person in general (morals and ethics)
We have a county named "Of" in the Black Sea Region
Isn't Slovakia already white as fuck?
Sammatti FI
Genocide denial is about the accusation of "genocide" not the deaths.
In his 2002 campaign he even did pro-gay statements.
(Unless it's a small city and it's only gonna take 5 mins, then it's pointless to sit)
>the Kurdish who took over a bunch of land
* gelmiş (S/He came, I learnt it not by witnessing
So I want to move on
&#x200B;
In August it was pretty good
All coups in Ottoman/Turkish history, came from an elitist community
Isn't that magical enough
I think Iran
You will or we will send you 1945 refugees per day.
honestly what is it about progress that scares conservatives so god damn much..
His friends tell him "You are French to this topic
i dont know how much developed it is but goddamn does it shit out crude movies every month like an assembly line.
Steam games are usually high price in my country but i try to wait for summer and winter sales which is i think very generous by Valve.Otherwise Dark Souls 3 costs like 179,00 TL in here and it's almost impossible to buy for people with average income.
I've supported him to be the CHP leader ever since 2011-2012
We call Netherlands "Hollanda" and Hungary "Macaristan
We don't even use passports to go to the island, we just use ID's. Many people would have to aquire passports and even visas
Boris is already a (rooted from) Turkic name.
I agree
Lol There are a lot of Turks there doing that too
Yeah
My reading is still slow but I'm sure that it will be better
I see the disappearance of this tradition as a net positive because this heavily objectifies women as the property of their fathers
in turkey some people drinks a soup which sheep's head and foot in it
I thought so too
Its not suprising that you don't care about history one bit I cleared my post a bit more to prevent you people from acting like idiots towards me but guess I was not fast enough
It's been like that for a week or so
gross
They were mostly servants and plantation workers .(ussualy they were freed in 8 year or when they are old excluding jannisaries)Galley slavery meant a painful death so galley slaves were criminals or captured enemies.
its was  african all along what a research
MSNBC is the network that spread the fake news about "Erdogan seeking asylum in Germany" during the military coup attempt.
If it is sweet or way to sweet, she definitely wants to marry you and you drink all of it to show you really want this marriage
Some people say that Navalny is a far nationalist and racist
He is also energy minister and very likely to become next prime minister.
I think you just confessed the hypocrisy of this sub, It's not about the rightness of the operation
This is not true
He was also sarcastic about the 1961 constitution since he found it "too democratic". He said:
thats all i can say
We are still in the summer in October
that sounds crazy but as far as i know thats how MIT worked in turkey before erdogan.
P.P.S.  The assumption the Balkans would do better without the Ottoman occupation is nothing but an assumption
when i used to live in denmark my bank refused to give me a credit card.
it does nothing
Teşekkür ederim: singular
Can Swedes here answer; did they go to a "shallow water" ethnic neighbourhood or is Tensta somewhere you would actually avoid going to?
This is not how you solve terrorism at all.
By the way Wilno is really beautiful city, you are lucky.
and you people found a way to bash trump
The man who invented the dish was named Iskender.
Never been to a Turkish school.
I like how saying "Islamophobia" is basically non-PC among some of you now.
Hah, that is really wholesome
Do people who don't wash their hand after doing their business in bathroom really exists?
Asia is originally a Turkish province; You guys share 85% of your land borders to the south and east.
Turks were the majority in İzmir in WWI.
Every now and then people find fragments of ancient statues or temples, not even counting the structures that remain standing
Now, Erdogan and AKP supporters can not insult him and NO supporters about Netherlands.
Afyon: opium
Suez = Süveyş
What would happen if a German leader asked a crowd of his supporters whether they want more or less Jews in this country, and say "We'll make that happen"?
Yes they are
It is now documented that both these trials were run by lying witnesses and forged documents to purge Kemalists in state.
402 are newborn ICU units and 1
Eh I wouldn't say Europe is our ally.
Of course the current Erdogan regime supports the empire ideology and that's one reason but also the Turkish population is getting more ignorant about how badly the last Ottoman emperors fucked up, thanks to the historical TV series and lack of history education
Ahmed’s son
Thanks for this cozy post
i think they lost it after 2008.
Actually Most of Turkish media is not state owned but mainstream media in Turkey is a like joke and they can't ignore the opposition anymore but  News are full of fake propaganda
Hey man, a Turk here
(*bir elma* = **one apple, an apple**)
I would assume a SPD victory would mean a coalition with two parties who are very much in favor of immigration.
Turk-Russian wars lasted 500 years.
Yea, Our ruling party is a bunch if shitheads that seem to get elected because"they built roads"
Then, a lot of people who claim to speak English suddenly freeze when it comes to speaking for real
Also there's a high possibility that Erdoğan and AKP will lose the majority in the parliament
In Orkhon Inscriptions, the Turkish Khaghan Bilga from about 6th century had written that even though he was inclined to convert to Budism, his second in command, Tonyukuk   warned him that China is relentless, allowing themselves to be too reliant to the Chinese will cause long term subordination and they shouldn't be tricked by short-term gains
I'm melting
We have F Keyboard but most people use QWERTY with Turkish diacritics (ı, ğ, ü, ş, ö, ç)
Fun fact: Ottoman emperors hardly had any Turkish blood
I don’t know why
It will always have a special place in my heart
That our country (Turkey) is the only country that is 100% consisted of stolen lands from other nations.
Turks don't fit themselves to either middle east or Europe but people don't think Anatolia is its own continent lol :)
Omg that made me feel so European
She didn't even know the dates she tried to refer to let alone the social condition and political nuances.
He incorporates sufi music into electronic music pretty well
Imagine you live there and your view from window is only walls of buildings next to you
" Spain come on we talked about this, you need to stop drinking
In February it was around -8 but humidity made it more comfortable
Outside is around 15, inside is colder
What you can get here with 12
You forgot *Trickle-down Economics*^^TM .
There are camels(we don’t have camel as usual but in couple touristic places), women fully closed in black(majority of women in Turkey doesn’t use any type of hijab while fully covered in Black like ninja exist within Arabs in Turkey), men dressed up in white (only imams or some religious people wear those which is very rare), they shot scenes in areas where drought happens every summer to show it like a muslim country that you would expect, Police cars from 1970’s but actually there is not much difference from any European Country and the most importantly any information most likely to be not true or true but not accurate
Nah that was 2016 and instead of explosions there where tanks and jets for that one
But they are obviously well protected
Only used for measuring wood
They unblocked it now that's probably why.
That is simply not true you can easily find a newspaper shitting on Erdogan in every single shop.
I think he has switched ideologies a total of five times
CHP is the Kemalist party, MHP are Turkic supremacists.
RIP
"That constitution was too loose for us
Leave your wet dreams out of this.
As long as it is included i personally keep answering.
r/wediditreddit
Looked notably younger - his hair was more, and was black
Congratulations . Having this sub is so worthy
Do you realize that if military coup in Greece was prefented, massacres wouldn't happen and Turkey wouldn't be on island
They weren't shocked, but they were pleasantly surprised
is this internet or social media usage?
If my statistics are correct, about 9% of the Turkish population speaks Kurdish(native or not), easily making it the most spoken second language with about 7
Dude, I am from Turkey
Greece, I believe
They don’t have any translations to English but I haven’t seen any foreigner pronounce them right
I think the UN needs to be restructured so that the authority lies with the General Assembly, rather than the Security Council, and that no country has unilateral veto power.
"This movie is about whether God is truly merciful or not").
It was bad but it was a lot different from American slavery.
Evil elephants destroy each other and we ants are not harmed
I don’t think Turkey has much to gain from it
Correct, but that's something a lot of people know about
How do you watch Kanal D there?
Simple case of demand and supply
Sincap(From Persian): An animal comes from Squirrel Family Tree, lives on trees, usually eats fruit, has too many hair, long tail, has tiny body, Değin(II), Çekelez(Sciurus Vulgaris)
I wish I was a car mechanic though
Which is inspired by Roman architecture.
> in democracy it's not like you vote once and that's it
I saw this even in turkish-reddit-like site eksisozluk, which means literally everyone in the world knows of this lol
for Turkey
In my experience, Kurdish independence groups usually have a leftist undertone (PKK is literally short for Kurdistan Workers' Party, for example).
I don’t even know anymore
Konya: the opposite of Izmir, the city of very conservative people
It was an epic milestone for the left even though it ended up really badly for the communards.
Why would we start a conflict with bulgaria
" and a specific way to say "so much".
Turkish and kurdish speaking
yes, but not possible because our economy is pretty dependent on china
LET ME INNNNNNNN
All jokes aside, I think this is terrifying
He and especially his (not his deputies by law but he created a de facto situation) deputies will talk more of these ultra-stupid and populist shit.
Does alcohol consumption change behaviours in society
Neighbouring countries like Montenegro and Serbia with their high living standards?
So I guess I could have named him Ferrari Jean-Claude Van Damme
Lisbon kinda felt like Istanbul to me when I had the chance to visit it
More than 50% of the country seems to think we are on the wrong track.
What consequence will make the Turkey worse shithole than it is right now?
It started in 1978
We did that a few years ago and you will really miss the sun
That isn't the only revolting line.
u forgot Bogazici University
Erdogan only speaks tough like that for his own Muslim followers in Turkey
This makes a nuclear powerplant cost effective in the long run
Nearly 1 year ago, Turkey went to the UN with a theory that Libyan and Turkish nations' exclusive economic zones are meeting on somewhere on the sea
People getting to decide stuff they have no idea about and no stakes in is never a good thing, no matter how democratic it may seem.
You shouldn't call people whores outside of a consensual sexual context.
If that's happening in Europe, it's filled with Erdoğan's fanatics so you are more likely to run into an AKP idiot there
Erdogan himself shit talks ISIS all the time and calls them terrorists...
Can I be an agent of Caos
They form a part of the mythology of my generation and I love them
Fellow Turk here, I wish the best for you guys
West: Much less likely to secede
17% of those think death penelty is justified for apostasy 70% think a person needs to believe im God to be moral 85% think homosexuality is morally wrong.
It’s very generic
This country needs porters too
You are seriously underestimating the number of European looking Turks
I stay in europe side but ı have never seen this street , that's magnificent
Neither guest nor family members cant wear shoes indoors.shoes left in front of doors or entrance
You just cover-up the ugly side of things by using religion such as "how much will I gain from this and what am I going t lose in return"
Actually Trump and his adherents came much later after Erdogan supporters.
Ankara: capital, no sea, Atatürk's tomb
Isn't that disrespectful
probably erdogan circa 2023
I bet some even feel sympathy for ISIS because they are fighting in the name of their shit religion.
Below 15 is cold, I’ll wear a thicker jacket and maybe scarf
Living at (?) the Anatolian side, have been regularly coming to the European side for half a month and I'm already sick and tired of it
It's "die Türkei" in German for example.
Austria i'm gonna need you to to embrace the islam and fuck free press.
news from armenian propaganda machine they really want to pull russia on their side but they dont know if russia join the party thinks get worse beucuse turkey iran and israel is allready in caucas if russia involve thats mean america involve too
Are they going to hugely increase the prices in the summer now
Tarkan probably
Actually your correct in a way lol.
Man I love that bottom-right picture, what is the street called?
Consider the general mentioned in the article you posted.
The black sea isn't very salty so you wont float and have to actively swim.
10 minute walk
This was /u/anarcht 's idea at first and I spread it over /r/turkey and in /r/place
Its called "tost" here in Turkey, it has lots of different versions, but the one you can find everywhere is with kaşar(some kind of cheese) and sucuk(some kind of dried meat)
2,5 months to get my residence permit and I had already registered myself when I came as soon as possible
P.S. WW2 was extremely destructive financially
There are like millions of Kurds waiting to be armed in Turkey so they can cause civil war
I am starting to get curious why Turkey and UK having similar colours in many different European data maps
It used to be just a small town in Ottoman times so there's nothing but buildings
Going from one extreme to the other, I guess
Man, traveling on Viking longboats must have sucked, no privacy, uncomfortable af and cold
&#x200B;
Also if you meme hard enough you have an isolated area where you can have constant revolutions and can get weird governments while still being a great power
Remember this comment in the next election in Turkey because I'd bet my ass on the line that Erdoğan is going to fuel a diplomatic crisis with some countries again when that happens
Not to mention that long range of variety is applied in gastronomy too
Only difference is Poland is in NATO and NATO needs to do moves like this to show that they will protect their ally.
I wouldn't say amazing
"  (which is ~100 years old), which has nothing to do with Izmir or Greeks
By my logics everywhere, where a Armenian church is, was most probably also a Armenian village or at least a Armenian community
You are right
This is what I respect, and not his ultra-nationalistic ideology or him as a semi-god.
Turkey's current disastrous Middle East policy was theorized by Davutoğlu for example.
A decent portion of Greek cuisine exists as part of the Turkish cuisine, but there are types of Tzatziki (Called Cacık across the shore) that don't exist in Turkey, and stuff like that
Doesnt matter if AKP knew about it or not, the fact is that it was them who put the gulenists in high ranking positions in the military and judiciary.
If you use the word "dinci" instead, which is more like a political stance on religion then you will get a result like that.
The song is pretty good
-Armenian Genocide (it is not a historical event anymore it became just a political tool so people would disagree with you and won't even listen you)
It roughly means "I wish what you're doing won't tire you much". You can also say that to a random person working like a construction worker or a janitor
People either move to Turkey or Greece
People started panicking about it and there are lots of fake news about it
The number of people died in 9/11 was far less than the number that died in the Iraqi war.
Well, so is 911
Gökçek has continued to reject the criticisms and claimed that “leftist companies” are behind the allegations.
[Fixed it
Lmao the shit people upvote in this sub
It's a Middle Eastern religion.
Etc etc
So if there is no problem with your house you might stay but if you feel uncomfortable, or if the house has been destroyed (and assuming you get out alive) you're supposed to go to the meeting area.
We didn't realize the power of it until it was too late
Surrounded by old, beautiful architecture and new, ugly stores
AAAAAAGH DON'T LOOK AT MY FLAIR
So I guess they thought it's brilliant idea to just block all the websites have that files.
Persians influenced Turkish and Turkic culture very much, probably the main influence till this day (Turks influenced anyone else they came in contact with except for Persians who influenced Turks)
Won't stop me from learning Chinese
But as you said he is not known as Turkish
But the ruins that are forgotten or in small cities are usually destroyed by bounty diggers or villagers(they used stones to make houses)
That’s Istanbul
The downfall of the value of the Lira, Erdogan telling a guy who was complaining about low wages to "go and drink tea", Erdogan's son-in-law saying something along the lines of "Let them eat cake"
So I just studied but not learnt until the exam years
If she does, I hope they don't get a divorce.
It surely worked to some extent, but it also had so many adverse affects, which is kind of irrelevant to this topic
Alparslan
İstanbul is Normal/Typical
Erdogan surely knows that his opponents are the strongest so far, it's all in
75-80% vaccination in a society is sufficient to protect the country
Looks cute
MHP voters identify more with their race and whatnot, while AKP identify more with their religion.
Yes, closing parties are part of the problem.
We must support the Kurdish people who are exposed to this fascism
What's giving them the encouragement is the French people standing up
It makes it easier to communicate with foreign teammates and also it's hard to find reliable translations for Turkish
Because Germany isn't a facist shithole and actually has proper Rule of law?
Also
Yup he will do that definetly .
But yeah, eagean dialects are sometimes too hard to understand
And people who still struggle with the mentality of 6th Century AD(basically most of Sunni Syrians) are rushing into our country by millions, I hope we can find a common ground with them and agree on that 13th century was great and we should live like that.
Someone who should have been treated as a War Hero being ostracized and chemically castrated in a modern country is so fundamentally wrong to me
And 47% find it negative, so Erdogan is going against the will of the people that he so often claims to represent.
How much did the Turkish party get that had so much drama around it?
Idk tbh i just hear arabic when my grandma prays lmao
Very sorry, just joking
The only reason the west (especially USA) supported AKP was because AKP has been economically pro-western.
SHUT  THE  FUCK  UP
Milks and eggs are not in the refrigerator section at the market but we refrigerate them at home cuz no one likes lukewarm milk ...
Did Mahometan Turks receive wonderful
Sythian
omg covid 20 might break out from this thread
Niye downgote atmışlar
Peygamber devesi
Just irritating
I nominate Switzerland
Language transfer is great
I love it because I don't remember we have played against Italy so far and we are going to play other matches in Azerbaijan, so we are a kind of host to the games
There are no deserts in Turkey.
Don't be too loud when you're talking in your own language
Well, to that I say: Turkish is my first language, I was born in Turkey and so are my parents
Gagauz, Azerbaijanian, Crimean Tatar are pretty easy
I heard that Amsterdam has a flag
His plan B is probably terror attacks and showing himself as the beacon of stability, but people see through that too.
Asia minor is european
Yeah, maybe
A peaceful tolerant fascist is an oxymoron.
This subject will never be resolved as long as both sides keep their current mentality
people there, especially the old ones, will have a different accent
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Satılmış. It literally translates to "Sold
birkac tane de siparis noktasi var ayri olarak
I think its also pretty popular in Europe
" Gülseren says that they literally measured her thighs before going
Plus the feel of being freedom is much more less compared to earlier years, there are much more reasons, like bad education system, increasing religion life style over poor areaes while youngs and young adults aren't interested religion at all
Without a doubt
You want a more recent example?
That’s not the first one in Eastern Europe since the one in Istanbul was opened in 1986
oh so it is something like "the likes of Mahmud", I see
And these guys are just saying that he is good, its not that bad etc
Which is a damn shame
People hate each other because of that
That's really amazing
They conquered and either decimated or enslaved the Native population, and their soldiers landed, not immigrants.
So tell me (a stupid member of a foreign race), what is your solution?
The geographic reality and distance alone is discouraging and the eastern European territories and borders provided enough problems and opportunities as you alluded to in your previous post.
2 hour drive to any wonderful holiday spot
Later they changed that rule to the eldest son
One of the four mainstream satirical magazines in Turkey (Uykusuz, Leman, Penguen, Gırgır).
Same applies to Turkish Cypriots speaking Turkish
If you polarize people that much some maniac will try to take advantage of it.
This is why I find it depressing and see no correlation between development and skyscrapers
That’s the reason I watch it
Great job neighbours, congratulations
If it's any consolation you could luxuriate in delicious coffee that we introduced.
That's why Italy did not want to invade Turkey after the war
It's really easy to increase military spending by overpaying your contractors, but it won't have an effect on your readiness.
Erdoğan is already manipulating the masses saying stuff like the outside forces dont want a strong turkey, they are jealous of us, they are trying to make no win.
If I was living there for couple more months, I am pretty sure I would roll up way back to home
Incredibly skeptical
Kolay gelsin: This is what you say to someone who served you in some way
I am not the head of state obviously but I can say with confidence that war is not a possibility to anyone here
I thought Turks at reddit were liberal and secular,
Cyprus is in the EU because basically Greece forced everyone else to accept them.
000 pounds
He was an agent of a foreign secret service.
In Turkish there is “kuş dili” which can be translated into English as bird language
That number is surprisingly high.
The view is geographically in Europe, I beleive that's enough.
Ayak yolu = Foot path (perhaps related to nature calls)
During the capture of menag for example, or recent random shelling on manbij comes to mind
If it is an obviously fake story like a fairytale, -miş should be used to get avoid the guilt of lying
Amerika, or Amerika Birleshik Devletleri (U.S.A).
Turkey is getting more secular(Akp is slowing it down a lot but it is) but extremism is increasing.Turks,Kurds and Arabs have similarities but Turk and Kurds in Turkey use Latin Alphabet while Arabs use a different one(And there are many other differences like that).
But differences between district dialect is not seen much as between cities
Trkey was always this way towards kurds, in fact even worse
Self-awareness level: Teach me senpai
You've had tens of those in the past
Weird
I feel european, I hate many turkish traditions and don't like my country except Istanbul, I wish could born in eu
Is this an important community?
He was actually named Nikola Teslaoğlu, western pigdogs have corrupted our history.
Greek speaking Romanoid Jews on the other hand were mostly pro-Greece.
These little shit stains mean nothing and just offer opportunities for politicians to pander to idiots.
I don’t like football that much but I do fit in a national cliche
I stumbled upon Dutch peanut butter a while ago and decided to try it, and I found it thoroughly underwhelming.
Jets can dogfight, ships could collide(hopefully with no casualties) but I don't think anyone is even considering war here
Altın(Au)
If I'm not wrong, Navalny is a far nationalist
TRANSLATION
I taught an MS Office course at a university for about 3 years
Most of the peple born in those countries can be freacking delighted that they weren't born in some unknown shithole deep in Russia or India
> United States of America
Generally, your family uses the ancestral name and friends use the shorter one if there is no one with same your name
Had "Asterix : Tour de Gaule" and "Asterix : Legionarre" in my childhood, both in Turkish
Why all the roofs have flues
French
Germany should already be spending more money for military according to NATO since they are way below 2% threshold.
Criticizing it is not racism, not even the slightest
You know that TRNC founded in 1983 and is independent state in eye of Turkey, right
I have relatives in Netherlands, France, Germany and USA
Not Turkish, not Greek, not British
I don't like watching football or eating kebab
Yes they can
- Taxi drivers endlessly driving around to increase the price of the ride
and this was my argue with teacher until she found an encyclopaedia to show me their area in numbers
I've been to Harmanli, Haskovo, Kardzhali and everyone I encountered spoke Bulgarian.
"  (which is ~100 years old), which has nothing to do with Izmir or Greeks
Sad
These ones may take more convincing to take help, and riskier for repeating attempt
All jokes aside, I think this is terrifying
Yet their maps don't seem to be periodically posted here.
In Turkey it is about the prices
Still, It's easier and more efficient than getting 10 parties to agree with each other
Should have done alternative reality European Parliament with r/turkey so we can see how things would change
Seeing Turkish flag anywhere past Thrace will piss them off
They would say it's because Erdoğan is a "state senior".
Your central/leaning left candidates pretty much fall on what Europeans consider 'the right spectrum'.
I used to watch its cartoon in my childhood
There is a rumour among religious/crazy Turks, that PKK members are Armenians or crypto-Christians.
You write down what you hear and say what you write
We could have made this easy for everyone
Gotta put a small girl there so really religious people can get on it.
Literally every 1 out of 5 people hang the national flag outside of their home
Because of EU laws NA engines are going to disappear tho
Probably a handicraft symposium (el işi sempozyumu) being translated as hand job symposium
>  A great number of people can read arabic text,
The opposition parties are in opposition, what money are they supposed to spend?
If they promised something during the elections and after being the government, There should be a different department from government to check if they manage to do their plans
The tradition is to make sure that mothers are over-protective and children are not given a chance to develop their personality as individuals
Qajars never recognized it too
How they treat their families, talk and act warmly that is very close to us (Northern Europeans are cold when it comes to social interactions)
Aside from this false flag advertising, media still pays much more attention to Erdoğan than others
Europeans that live in larger cities, can you describe the life in your city
It messes up Turkey's territorial waters, basically
Yet , they don't know a lot of Turks today have Greek bloods.
Tarkan probably
It was looking more candid (I don't know if this is the gramatically right word) than other touristic cities.
other than that even if they are secular or muslim they would be okay because both groups already exist in turkey.
We got used to see our dishes with Greek names (add a Turkish name -ki suffix and have a Greek food .d)  in West but German spin-off is kinda strange lol
Snow melted down here in Turkey
Because Akşener is a centre-right politician who may easily affect the votes of rightist Erdoğan while getting the support of the leftists because of their anti-Erdoğanism
>I see the others suggested you VIC for Greece
Nöisz
What else can even leave Hungary anymore
They always say they are our brothers where in reality they brag about how their economy is better and how Turkey is a shit hole so i dont think they like us that much :d
Nah, I think we will be fine with Bulgaria
Aegean sea is too big and costly for Turkey to patrol without a deal with Europe.
I mean not as good then in Netherlands, France or UK
No, no one cares
Almost every single nation came to their current lands illegaly during an illegal occupation.
Yeah that's because they also hate the Gulen movement
Quantative Easing is a rather odd way of creating inflation.
My mom has gotten used to it to the point she starts mocking with gibberish sounds
People don't care about it here
Maybe it wasn't millions, but neither was Bosnian Genocide.
Congratulations
He ruined Turkey in two decades
Definitely No
As far as I understand, this is not a normal situation
"Hamidian corps" as they called themselves even [tried to establish their own caliphate state on the lands they stole from the Armenians] after the Turkish Republic abolished the caliphate entirely, literally decades after the end of Hamid's reign.
As far as i know an underground depot with thick lead walls can pretty much keep all the radiation inside
This is fine
It's easier to discover and ecperience a small city in a limited time
at least the majority of ones i knew
Number one in tea consumption
I'm still waiting for more from the same team
I know how to read "comfor" and "table".
Yeah
I mean this is a pretty modern urban and fully commercialized thing I think.
Yes but nowadays it is used exclusively to describe AKP supporters
Also, downvoted, not downloaded
Be more civil and put them in jail so they can’t talk
Until 7th Grade, I was loving studying learning new stuff everyday, getting better understanding the world, my country, my culture
Santa Claus was born in what is today Turkey
İstanbul has a very high population
Same, out of 138 subs, only one of them is Turkish
Yeah it bugs the hell out of me too
as far as i know it is coming from an arabic word.
This picture is what misery looks like.
Hearts of iron 4 moments
38 = otuz sekiz
Fair enough
People seem to think that Western Turkey = more secular.
"population exchange" in early XX century, which was based on religion, not ethnicity.
What do you suggest
he was making nu paitings, hosting european artists, using alcohol and stuff.
How the hell they can just organise so well in the middle of major EU cities
Im turk but i laugh
>Mete Khan, İsmet İnönü, Sultan Alp Arslan
Probably yeniköy coast (Köybaşı Street)
Not once Erdogan advocated abolishment of secularism and He doesn't plan anything like that in near or far future since the new constitution he offers is fully secular.
Poorly localised programs have this problem too
This whole stuff depends on USA elections a lot
Elect Trump for one more term
Gideceğim and Gitcem mean same but shorter on is used in daily talking
Zero terrorist attacks in Turkey, it just feels so safe here.
It is actually useful to have a well-known language in the world
So Daily Sözcü(a newspapers)=Turkish goverment(which didn't say anything about it)...
If you called these meat kebab why did u fucking pour ketchup and mayoinesse offffffffff
I would be fine with Fillion if he wasnt a Thatcherite.
Turns our neighbours against us
Nothing is lost besides some people's(lets be honest here: men's) obsession with lethal toys.
You were exposed to this stupidity only for the several days.
>it could be interesting to see the way you see the situation with those countries
They can't say anything to Erdoğan because their voterbase listens to him.
Whether or not sarma/dolma has meat
Politicians are the generally the opposit
He hasn't jailed entire party(9 member all though it is unacceptable it is not the same).And he hasn't proposed building 700 prisons.He will probably win again because there are only 2 party that can take him down.Mhp and Hdp but Bahçeli made Mhp Erdoğan's side kick and Hdp isn't condeming Pkk,isn't forcing them to stop their millitary activities.There is a 3rd option a good conservative right wing party could take him down but electoral dam is 10% in Turkey and most right wing voters will countinue to vote for him unless an economic crisis (Many people still fear from an economic crisis like 2002.Erdoğan is seen as the guy who saved country from that crisis and boosted Turkey's growth).
I prefer to visit the non-modern cities of Netherlands
you don't need no pet in the back to be honest.
Large state hospitals in cities like Istanbul Ankara İzmir etc.
Greece
(sorry) ahahaha
Ironically religion was first introduced in school system by secularist army after a coup to fight raising communism during cold war.
He once said that people of Caucasia are cockroaches
So it should be enough in the group stage but after that it just comes to luck
Chopped cow stomach pieces in a soup with vinegar and garlic.
The again, if we had nothing more than our nature we would still be climbing trees to run away from predators, since it's actually nature's way for us to be prey.
*Olmaya devlet cihânda bir nefes sıhhât gibi*
they're not all that in line culturally, but we'll make it work anyways.
Islamification of Europe confirmed
You need to teach us how you do it
Erdogan and his party also like to blame him in every opportunity
Hot damn that's a an awesome comeback.
"Lady in red" from Gezi Park Protests of 2013 - a woman wearing a casual red dress, carrying a shopping bag, and getting pepper-sprayed by the police
It's beatiful
Similarity is like probably Austria and Germany
Still
I would say this has happened to dialects of Turkish within Turkey as well
Ottoman/Turkish intellecuals' main source of inspiration was France.
Some people don't even know what is the Seljuk Empire
Been up in Empire State as well, amazing view
I was born december 2006, I learned basic vocabulary from minecraft, and the speaking from movies and YouTube vids
\-Napoleon Bonaparte
My psychiatry professor said that usually men prefer aggressive methods while women prefer more non-lethal ones and it's really hard to get a gun license in my country
Armenia occupying a foreign country territory and kill people
I'm really proud of myself lol
Actually Most of Turkish media is not state owned but mainstream media in Turkey is a like joke and they can't ignore the opposition anymore but  News are full of fake propaganda
Those are the only ones that come to mind
So you're saying we should consider negotiating with someone who "isn't pro-Europe anymore" to welcome him in our ranks?
With language reform **many old Turkic words** were brought back and **nationalims was on the rise among Turkic** people during that time.**Ofcourse it isn't probably about that**
Your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace
Russians published [the documents] proving that after the revolution (one of the main reasons for Turkish-Soviet alliance was that).
To clear misunderstandings, here are some türban photos so we know what we are talking about [1] [2] But wearing türban is not a requirement or enforced by any kind of law
I would try and be a part of the change, just like the youth are trying in Egypt.
* [Hierapolis-Pamukkale] (1988)
Could be
Wait, how did they survive without my Turks :)
Vaccinates are free so there are few people might exist
There are radical people who aren't but I'm speaking of general public, without any party affiliation.
Istanbul, Kapadokya, Izmir, Pamukkale, and Antalya
their upload speeds are multiple times higher than our download speeds and they pay like what, 10 euro per month?
Yes, yes Ay Carmela
But the general attitude I've seen among them is quite Germany-centric
It was a divide and conquer approach
If you're gay he'll keep his distance however if his son is gay nowhere in hell he'll accept it.
Black Forest
Atatürk was born in Thessaloniki, modern day greece
It’s in Turkish but I had a bit help with the translation
According to TDK (Turkish Language Association) we took the Italian word *"gendarme"* for jandarma but since French is a Romance language you can tell that it's the same word
Go to a rural conservative city like Kayseri, Sivas, Yozgat, etc.
The didn't want to diminish their best buyers
FunFact: Both Silk Road and Spice Roads were blocked by first Seljuks, which caused the failed crusades, and then by the Ottomans, which started the Age of Discovery (because the Ottomans had closed the roads, Europeans had to find another route
I don't think he claimed that Muslims consider pedophilia specifically virtuous ( btw, Muhammad was no pedophile, but a child raper to modern standards, there is a difference), but that Muhammad is the examples for Muslims to follow for all time.
I guess greeks would take the deal
True
TDK aka Turkish Language Institution
The same goes for Istanbul
Apperently we pronounce archieve like French not English
No waifu no laifu.At least I'm a happy NEET.
They go "oh I can understand but I can't speak"
Edgy 14 year olds: communism is great
Scared, the kid slanders his younger brother
Haha we are far from modern now
You can check the Wilson report, the whole US peace delegation, even Churchill's statements on the issue.
Come on guys just don't be subtle
quite a lot...if you disregard big cities where crime is high.
I understand you so much
Our Sex ED was in Biology as well
Talk about going backwards
This is a fake news
I hope this case won't turn into something like Gezi Parkı olayları in Turkey
Even the ones who move to the cities lead very primitive laborer lifestyles.
daha fazladir
If even Ukraine is unfriendly, I can't imagine how bad it is
Chicago's roads are crazy wide with lots of space to pass, but people were aiming for me there
Believe it or not, most of us aren't obsessively checking the news from Perfidious Albion.
And our red is the blood of our martyrs
Thank you, but by you I meant West
You can see where Lithuania saw the Fukushima disaster, remembered how close they were to Chernobyl and said fuck that ish
You'll figure out everything letter by letter 95% of the time
look what they did with Golden rice and animal agriculture problems
As such, they don't support her.
How are your words ''proven facts''?
But the distinction here is the people of Western European countries and America and their governments.
Kahraman ırkımın literally translated into my hero race
Market ones are 20₺ (2
It's still called that in Turkey btw(Frengi).
I was initially put off but your comparison is actually an astute one.
Yes, which I talked about as well, if you had read my original comment
Ah yes the great mongol emperor genghis khan a.k.a. the conquerer of china
TIL that protesting something makes a person good
Yesn’t. I’d say Turkey is both European and Asian but also neither
nato is basically free defence for turkey at this point with no return
Snow melted down here in Turkey
Its very hard to justify a liberal Turkey when we clearly don't have a place in the west.
Dude please you are embarrassing yourself.
%64 of Hungarians are against same-sex marriage
Think of everyone you meet or come across in your daily life.
For me it is Germany
It's not very common, just common enough that people don't find it strange
Even though that was the case, which obviously is not, current situation in Turkey is not good and there are more rasons not to vouch for the current government
I started university at age 17
There are 2 versions of it, chicken döner can be very cheap
Turkish:
Argentina is just a Turkey in South America, problems with landowners, neighbouring countries; downfall economy and military juntas etc
Ayran is specific to Turkey too, i guess
Some people will say WWII but why didn't WWI, a much more brutal war for Western Europe which these sentiments originated, trigger it?
Software subscription, materials, prints(A0, A1, etc
Kurds deserve their own state
I am not saying they wouldn't be large party, I would expect them to be the main oppositiin but they wouldn't able to ride the wave of the economic boom
I suppose it's just that at a micro-level, the parts of UK I live in have a higher than average forest cover and the parts of Turkey I go to have lower than average forest cover
You were the bad guys anyway, shouldn't have invaded Greece
I for one would love a sad pepe head in a pokeball.
Apparently been around since at least 1938 too
It is not about poverty but about interventions and no one realy tried to make Turkey more secular since Ataturk(You have to force some reforms to mkae society more secular but useing religion is a lot easier).
Though I should add man may not be seen as presentable with face piercings
Thank you
Today is the day our first national assembly was formed in 1920
>Extremoduro
From post-USSR Russian shock therapy to recent Greek austerity there are a ton of examples where Smith's hand was nowhere to be found.
Factories won't lift a finger if they aren't forced, and personal waste is tiny in comparison to industrial.
It's because Turkish Coffee is famous around the world
"Markups on electricity/natural gas/water fees"
The market is free, anyone is allowed to buy or sell gold coins tax-free, you can find gold-trading shops in every corner.
Thanks to ultimate control of media...
Each year our deadlines get shorter and shorter
He used to accuse on a daily basis the central bank for raising the interest last year.
And here our president who believes building presidential palaces improve the international standing
As far as I know Hungarian and Finnish are the same
Can you even read
Its affect lasted for years
Did you guys get taught about the battle of Gallipoli
It's sad today's the last day germany will exist unscathed.
Correct way is that pronouncing it with 1
Background info: Prostitution is legal and regulated in Turkey
This is Reddit, every country has a single defined alignment and you're immediately an expert on it if you read a few r/worldnews headlines
Even Turks supporting Turkey joining the EU see it as a purely economical cooperation.
I wouldn't feel this angry if I found the problem only economical policy but they are extremely content with the opposition suppressed.
Anatolia is the gateway to Middle East, and as long as it stays that way Turkey will matter in a geopolitical sense.
No I don't feel it, even with Erdoğan and his authoritarian ways we will stay as a democracy afterwards.
Üfff reis gökyüzünden dolar yağdıracak Londra'da ezan sesi yükselecek
Only 1 in 5 Turks in modern day Turks have East Asian genes.
It is just used whenever anthems are supposed to be used, making it the anthem, just like Turkey's and France's emblem.
Wish me luck
Thanks for the shout out
Risitas died
Yeah
I guess it is easier for new generations as they're exposed to the Standard accent more often
Yeah that's because they also hate the Gulen movement
Adnan Menderes, one of our most controversial prime minister, removing majority of institutions placed by Atatürk to educate rural population in Turkey after US asked him to remove them because they were too "communist-esque".
I ate octopus only once in Chicago, which was the worst octopus meal I had in my entire life
Erdoğan's police attacks purged academics and supporting students with tear gas and batons.
even the name of place sound pretty much Turkish lol
What would be the justification to permaban Turkey from the EU?
It's more like they are where they belong
Most people are starting to see it as an excuse to go on beach holidays, it seems
The Gülen movement promotes a moderate version of Islam with a heavy emphasis on public service.
Women of  great positions are always giving courage to millions
European left doesn't argue with immigrants' religion because they don't want to argue with immigrants.
So many things that I can't list here without getting exhausted
It was like 18-20  degrees and even colder in the evening
Teramo FI
There was a common enemy and the support from US and NATO was secret and not known among the popular base, at least in Turkey.
Similar situation here
Seems fishy to me
Whats going on with belarus
You must've forgot we are allies with Azerbaijan
it's a hassle to go but i like the tranquility there.
Why in the fuck would you order döner without onions
If not, then it is historically true statement which we are related
All of the things you have written is the direct result of the things I listed above.
I never liked how Turkish cities looked like.
Everyone has their own version of reality
Watch out boys
russia teach you lesson ask Germans, ask germans how prideful they are today, see germans today little enjineers no fighters just make bmw soon this will be of you, soon you will not be pridful soon you make bmw turkish you see friend.
hmm, I haven't heard about this before
Whateveroğlu: Son of Whatever
It does not include Kurdistan
Those poor village boys who became elite soldiers, pashas, viziers!
Your extra super saltiness proves Nietzsche right.
It was never really about money and we all know it
About Dora, she teaches English here too
Same
They're too proud of themselves for my taste but it's a good place overall
that's just the icing on the cake
So there is some history to it
>No agenda pushing: Refers to accounts which persistently post or comment on one topic and/or attempt to derail normal conversations in order to support their agenda
For the beginners, **a/an** is translated as *bir*(**one**)
So, there's that
1999 earthquake
Considering the exploration of America, you're fucked.
Mostly consumed by the workers/peasants
It can arrangeable, though
Ayasofya is neither a church nor a mosque.
There is a reason Germany fought most of the world, a popular leader lead them to destruction and slaughtered millions of people.
And living with your parents even up to 35-40 is kinda acceptable here unfortunately due to economic reasons
According to this Turkey has 47
The wells do stop on the Turkish border btw, that's why that border is drawn in the first place.
It's more like a complex web of interacting factors, caused by both immigrants themselves, natives of the host country, the legal system itself, education, culture, and many more
[It remind me this]
Thanks, after Aferim I have really high hopes for Romanian cinema.
And if you are a country full of idiots, those idiots will try to worship just because he is "president".
And I guess I’m not hopeful anymore
however i think village schools are a big game changer here (smaller village schools may have 6-7 students per class) ~~and temel liseler, having often less than 20 students per class
Everyone expect his voters think that way
I like how your entire argument is my argument is flawed
If I have the ability to experience something as it should be, I do
I even knew it as a kid and thought I’d get high by eating opium poppy bread
" and they will answer it like "Hell, sure" or "This is not real Islamism" XD
If it's the latter, that'd be Bulgaria
I think I was about 10 years old, that was the time I started getting English lessons at school
As in the government is requesting porn be taken down on Reddit
We still want to use Czechoslovakia because we have a famous tongue twister that goes like:
And it’s becoming more and more ugly everyday as you say
I can express my feeling more clearly
Generally college-educated western Turkish people will live very happily and without a problem in Europe.
If tobacco is legal, then cannabis definitely should be
We come from the same place(ASIA)
Aulla FI
Don't cover it up; but also don't make it such a big deal.
Never been to Sweden but my friend lives there and wants to move to Netherlands or Germany and visit Sweden in summers only
Turkish oil wrestling - a local traditional national sport that has been around for centuries
more misery is spread
Your country disagrees
If the refugees are the biggest threat EU has in mind, sanctions will be quite counterproductive, especially considering that most Turks can migrate legally to the EU through marriage with Turkish EU citizens, so walls can't exactly stop them either.
My recommendation for tourists coming to Turkey is to use BiTaksi for at least checking how much the fare is beforehand and using Google Maps or Yandex Navi to avoid taking the long way
But these topics aren't discussed at all, hmm...
Greek media and politics aren't different from Turkey's in that matter
In Turkey, yes
1₺ = Bottle of Water
It seems that black bile was associated with melancholy/romance in these cultures.
And the sad part thing is it works.
Dividing the island and founding TRNC was the problem, not the initial operation.
Assuming moral superiority by default and riding on your high horse is what pushes centrists to vote right
The war of independence, the declaration of the republic, abolishment of the khalifate and the sultanate, and the reforms after that
He does not accuse the AKP and MHP voters of being terrorists, for instance, while Melih Gökçek tweets the opposition being terrorists wholesale
Its language is Turkish
As far as I know, only the Greek patriarchy in Istanbul recognized that claim
[This] would be Turanist moustache
>The unidentified woman[...]
Then if you pass the driving test, which you need to complete the same route correctly, you take your license.
Our thin skinned buffoon has been around for longer
is it normal
That argument would have a basis if Clinton did not knoe about electoral college but Trump did.
If an owl lands on a house, a dead will come out of it
Common saying is that: "If you don't live here, it's a hilarious country."
How about Azerbaijan
On humanist base, I agree almost everything with your comment
if Turkey has done, it is genocide
Standards of live can still improve but many European are too focus on themselves and are not able to look around them
And yes, hot damn Turkey / Greece / Bulgaria part is masterful
Because of this, refined and nuanced handling as a result of more sophisticated suspension design isn’t stressed
please stand clear
Don't give illiterate ignorant stupid peasants right to vote and expect them to make rational decisions
You can’t have Döner, Kebap of İskender without potatoes
Location
this means you can't buy your groceries in bulk, get ready to cycle a lot in the rain, wait a lot for connection bus/train etc
Humans get hungry to know when to eat
I think Google has an option to translate for both genders for languages like Hungarian, Finnish, Turkish etc
I prefer Google maps tho
Keep in mind that those are Erdogan's Islamist party and nationalist party-1 that "support" (by support I mean being ccp's dogs because they paid them), other parties like Kemalist party or nationalist party-2 condemn and try to inform people about this topic
Wanting it for Azerbaijan is more sensible
Everday people died because of that political beliefs
"What up people it's yo boy Adolf Hitler coming at you live from Führerbunker in downtown Berlin.
Is it in swamp
I agree pretty much everything you guys said but bandying about our luminary population and reducing it to %0000.1 is simply an overstatement.
No political party is permanent so wish luck to the Secular Turks maybe one day people will realise their mistakes and vote for another party.
5m people and they're here to see the top opposition president candidate Muharrem İnce
Damascus = Şam
Rest of us are just having a laugh and use it as a sarcastic joke against them :-)
Nikos
Ummet=Ummah, means "the nation for Islam"
Turks seem to run around trying to convince the Europeans they are western and "White" etc.
Well since it isn't the Sexy Leopold , I'm fine
Well it did give me an inferiority complex
The actions taken to purify the language by replacing the loanwords are now known as the Turkish Language Revolution
CHP+HDP+MHP doesn't really work, and neither did AKP+MHP (back then).
Metan gas
Nearly 1 year ago, Turkey went to the UN with a theory that Libyan and Turkish nations' exclusive economic zones are meeting on somewhere on the sea
>You have the highest survival rates in the world
**Sen şehit oğlusun, incitme, yazıktır atanı,**
Slowly transforming from Siktir
You don't say
Ruoti FI
I use this phrase a lot and it's driving me crazy when I am abroad as there is no translation
(read wikipedia article for more info)
We already have more than enough of them.
Or rather I would maybe question my own country for having millions of Erdobots
tvMisha, I like her energy into the videos, I can see myself, when sometimes helps me to watch something joyful
Once i do it i will jump on Dark Souls 2 which i am excited to play.
1000 = bin
tbh
The ones lucky enough to find a job generally make minimum wage only
Literally everything can i say
Tüm darbeler ülke yatışınca demokrasiye devrettiler zaten
I like it
It is Çamlıca Mosque which was built in 2017
Also by nationalizing I don’t mean entirely government owned rather owned by government and Turkish private companies
Whatever happened to proud and honorable proffession
It’s very generic
Ehem
We couldnt handle with another migration wave
**Fazıl Say** is one of the most internationally famous Turkish musicians, a prodigy of classical music
Those are some tall ass glaciers in Greenland
İzmir Marşı.
We use it every 5 seconds
For something just as ironic but better try the sign,
For the Russian part I have used a [ethnic map of the 19th Century]
Pastırma - Armenia
Secondly most Kurdish people in Turkey are Sunni Muslims.
It feels like almost Germany, France, Netherlands, Austria, Greece etc are one pact, British, Spain and all others are another
I hope you like prison food, because that's about the only personal invitation he makes
- A shoe shiner "accidentally" dropping his brush while walking in front of you and pretending not to notice, then offering you a free shoe cleaning session if you return it to him as a "thank you" gesture
Erdogan also said this he had some decency back then
Facts on the ground are of course different, that's just their official ideology.
Don't even fake any concern for armenains if you can't even see anything wrong with killing or kicking out people simply because they moved there when Ottomans were ruling because clearly you don't value human life.
In my time my class was 48 and it should have gone up
I'm really sad about this whole thing
It has some cost
Something non ethical like "Republic of Anatolia" but Turkey has got some lands over Anatolia and even this comment probably make anger some nationalist redditors, I can't even imagine how people get mad
Unlike a banana that still maintains the presence of the former government in a guise I'm saying the company itself is sovereign with no locals or citizens to worry about governing
Teachers use Zoom as an alternative which is so much better
nice
Same for a science or history textbook
I am not Cryptiot but I heard from a Northern Cyrptiot guy that the Turkish Cypriots are between meh and sure in reunification while Greek Cypriots are between naaah and meh
LOL thanks for a good laugh kid.
because, well, lycee
I think it is around 50-50 contrywide but it varies a lot depending on the place
Hydroelectric can be used to store excess renewable energy and help with peak demand.
Andorra: I don't know anything other than the French President is one of its heads of state
Murat IV was restrict ruler
Whenever I see this map I think of Alan Turing and get sad
Erdogan and his party also like to blame him in every opportunity
It just means "seven cats".
If you wish, you may read the DMCA complaints that caused the removals at LumenDatabase
And i also want to say that Erdoğan is an shameless dictator for even playing those videos in a rally
Kağan is a name given by more educated families, as it is the correct form of the name
Glad to hear that
Scottish history
Even less so with voice acting
It feels like the country has a sign that reads ''This country uses product placement in its streets'' at the aiprort
Bozcaada is Tenedos, Imros is Gökçeada.
We are not related with Hungarians we only lived closely in Asia
Turkey has about 1/3 that level for years and everyone is talking about how great Erdoğan is for the economy.
After a decade he can't even get his own supporters here make 3 children, good luck lol.
The Baltics would share Ukraine's fate without NATO and EU
Plot twist: Graveyard is hotel and customers are sleeping
My life's purpose is trying to be open-mind like you.
they share islam in theory, but they practice different versions of islam (though increasingly less so :( ) they share some food, they all let cats roam the streets <3 other than that...?
1.Nobody can differentiate most people's nationalities by looks if you mean that, unless they've their passports strapped to their foreheads.
We were just tourists which accidentally crossed the borders.
"I don't like what I voted for is actually taking place so politicians shouldn't have listened to the voters in the first place, because that's just how democracy works"
I know Erdoğan is highly an intolerant guy who uses democracy and people's will just in his own favor.
I used to be a boxer, I know exactly how much time I spent just on my jab, I know exactly how long I fluttered around like a fool before I sorted my footwork.
He's on the way to his own downfall
“Local Frenchman too angry to yield terrorism”
Hazır ve ya değil, işte geliyorum
I am not denying that, I just wanted to correct the facts.
Supermarkets have 1
I agree that he knew of the coup attempt and used it to his advantage.
Countries such as China, Russia and Iran have been using domestic search engines and email service providers competing foreign providers like Google and Gmail which are mostly blocked by the authorities.
I would suggest Syria
Or something closer
That's a lot of song to listen :)
Aren't we talking about foreign dynasties like Windsor for Britian or Habsburgs for Spain
Depends on the province but in Istanbul not even adults just walk to places such as schools
It's more like a complex web of interacting factors, caused by both immigrants themselves, natives of the host country, the legal system itself, education, culture, and many more
Because at that point, by law, any place the sultan steps on became his
And of course you can find people speak Arabic fairly easily
Artvin also had a different feeling to it, more like Georgia, which isn't surprising because it had been Georgian historically
Same applies to Turkish Cypriots speaking Turkish
I should have specified that my critique was mostly aimed at erdogan and the Turkish government and not the Turkish people.
Eastern Roman Empire made an alliance with the [Turkic Khaganate] against the Sasanian Empire.
Napoli and Marrakesh stink of piss so much that it hurts to breathe walking the streets, but to me if you prefer Dubai over Marakesh, I find your taste buds inferior to mine
I have seen more pics of French and British Protestors than post criticising Turkey, at least those which reach the frontpage
Do Spanish people count knowing other Spanish languages as knowing a foreign language?
I mean rallies like this barely attact a thousand but this will be in every turkish facebook page now.
I'm surprised I haven't been arrested back home, or deported from US yet haha.
Sry but Trump being anti-war was much more preferable and Democrats are not reliable on this issue
I was there during the Gezi protests as a teenager, I was pepper sprayed and my friend hit with their nightstick.
And then there's the obvious ones like yogurt.
Yes, I'm sure Poland had very hot summers, say, a century ago as well but what we currently have is very clearly something else
We do a little trolling
Edit:Typo
I feel like my credit card was somehow charged for even looking at this picture
They serve essentials of Turkish Cuisine like lentil soup, stuffing, borek, Turkish Dumplings and various of beef and chicken dish
It’s about storytelling
at least 10m people speak arabic in turkey
crying 50€ for 10mbit in turkey
is this a kind of modern art
You pampered him for years and now suddenly Erdo terrible
Apart from celebrations and government buildings, people rarely hang them
"Avalanche kills (insert number) villagers"
(as there are huge masses you can control that way) Erdogan benefitted from them as a vote bloc until they tried to overthrow him
I do, however, expect civilized people of 21st century to reign in their tribalist instincts.
In Turkey , deserts are just a %1 of all country
Probably a Prussian flag or portrait of Frederick the Great will do.
When rural southerners talk to one another in my presence, I can hardly understand half of what they say
But if you learn that its very easy
Around 240-300 sqm
Yeah its a little bit of weird but we short it as olm (yea i wrote it by how it pronounces) and it becomes a very different word -we mostly use this in argo]
You are tagged off on a ballot list (and you sign) that you voted.
I don't care what brand, I want Taco restaurant chains
Also I meant in English
The worst part is when they aren’t compatible
It makes hard province it
Did you respond to the wrong person?
But we have different accents
Here in Turkey, the norm is British English in the classroom so that's basically what you learn
Android is as good as ios
Under the veneer of civility might always has and always will make right.
They made the situation so bad, mods outright ban you in history subs if you even DISCUSS the genocide, like the numbers and "operations". Shame
On the other side we have the Middle Eastern influence through the Persians and the Islam
But for some reason according to westerners we are only aiding ISIS and not the PKK; probably because armchair generals see an islamist leader in Turkey and instantly think "OTTOMAN EMPIRE"
UPDATE: After the meeting, I and many more volunteers cleaned up the square and now, we are drinking beers all together while singing the Izmir anthem, everyone here still hyped up and the atmosphere is amazing
Doing nothing after a French clown publicly disrespect us
There are Balkan Turks who immigrated during or after the collapse of Ottoman Empire.
Also, We don't have grammatical genders
Also they aren't really an existential threat to free Europe like the right-wing populism is.
Part given to other religions is negligible
I think these borders (and other limitations comes with Sevres) would only lead to a turanist-fascist government to emerge just like Germany and they would be allies of Germany in WWII.
Thanks merkel, now our press is surely free!
Every year on the 10th of November at 9:05 in the morning, the air-raid sirens blare for one minute.
Hell, there is not even a narrative like “AKP fixed 2001 crisis” in Turkey, people talk about and give that credit to Kemal Derviş and say AKP continued his economic policies
The thing about Turkey is that we always live things in extreme
Armenia always do same thing there are no reliable news about that or news source
Bu iki arkadas konusurken ucuncusu ne hakkinda konustuklarini anlamiyor
I was shocked while watching it and even more shocked researching it later
Just because he called Macron an embecile (which he is) and reminded us that we can boycott France doesn't sound violence to me
It turned out that it wasn't really paranoia on the Ottoman part.
Well i'll put the canons back to the garage than
I had an atheist Russian friend take religion classes just because it was too easy for her
There are a few scholarly ones, like Ahmet Davutoglu who has a PhD in Economics and Political Science, but they all got purged because they tried to run the government properly with principles
Days are not that bad
yes
Now that's just gross
Some times there is a long distance between a person's house and bus stop.It isn't that safe for someone to walk a long distance in an empty street after 22.00-22.30.
It is interesting to see that right-wings ideas are so common in a such young and educated community.
Is it illegal to photograph docks?
I think it's pretty good
I will not accept an organisation that supports terrorism/pkk as a political party in my country.
He’s set the country waaay back
I guess this makes the iguana waiting at the top Putin.
Akşener is the normalizer leader we need in my opinion
The turnout rate was 50%, extremely high.
I need a gsm data plan for 10 days.
So he probably expects the elections to have a second round
We VIEW them as brother
I know right it is surreal I was going to buy a pc back few years ago and able to save 3000 tl but it just melt down there
I agree that's dumb, but patriarchy is a thing ingrained in the European culture too, although it's not been the case for the last 50 years, old habits die hard.
its hard for you to understand because it doesn't happen to you
He reads
We guys have so much in common
I remember a time when saying such a thing wouldn't be tolerated by the society.
They seemed out of Iraq or Syria
If the Catalans truly view themselves as independence why do their taxes go to someone else
LDP is pretty much a World-standard libertarian party - quite the rare and brave bunch to advocate such ideas in Turkey, really.
The fez is banned but nobody wears it seriously anyway so it's not enforced
Previously you needed more credentials and not be a part of imam hatip (religious) schools and now that limitation is lifted.
Currently playing Dark Souls and Paladins.
Oh my god that is depressing
I just had hard time memorizing and confused
Definitely got my attention
-Take off your shoes before entering a house
Even 4chan got blocked REEEEEEEEEEE
i dont understand
Purging of the 300 high ranking officers is enough for military to lose its functionality.
> atrocities
Please be careful friends
The picture was taken moments after 1999's Düzce Earthquake and it was the second massive earthquake in the region in 3 months
The differences are mainly based on accent and intonation in addition to the pronunciation of suffixes in general
I like punk rock
And the first think the absolute ignorant cunts asks: `well, what was she wearing
I should have been clearer
Context: There are gold coins in various sizes minted by the government.
Kaan, or Kaǧan is like a saying double han
OK, so do you believe it is more plausible that this attack happened because of Erdogan or because of further publishing of Charlie Hebdo cartoons, which was the previous reason for previous attacks as well
I am "NO" voter but what is the logic behind preventing the rallies?
camiden tabut calıp dedesine tabut satan ananı tabutun icinde siker öldürürüm...ananın amına kolumu sokar kücük kardeşlerini cıkartırımananı neil amstrongla beraber aya cıkartıp siker hardcore movie alırım altın portakal film festivalinde aldıgım ödülü ananın amına sokarımananın amına harry poterin assasını sokar kücük kücük büyücüler cıkartırım..ananın amına pandora kutusu sokar icinden tavşan cıkartırımananın amına duracel pill atar 10 kata kadar daha güçlü sikerim
You pay it to the government's account in bank but before you have to file a report
This is why there are more jews in Turkey than any other muslim majority country
It looks like its meant to spread infectious diseases
*Last night, (I) my friends with very fancy a restaurant to went
Lucky man
why do i see the galata tower the most lmao
Gökhan is from mythology
I still laugh they went to capadocia with ships
Learned and learnt
I understand you with the issue.
This is in our family, I am not sure if other families use it but if you open lights more than you need like living room, kitchen, corridor and bathroom lights are open or you make too much noise in long period, we would say “Are you signalling to astronauts
They are up north and were inside the borders of Ottoman Empire before 1453
They talk about this with separate boys and girls
Everytime of ottomans
There were many Ottoman scientists and very marvelous products of Ottoman Architecture.
We are literally poor
Since I know a lot more music from us
Doner Pide
You get 100mb for twice that in Turkey
Also, another mind-blowing fact is the Uyghur language is more similar to ours than Kazakh and Krgyz are, despite being farther from Turkey geographically
Thanks, I wondered ever since I saw that letter
It really is lol
Location
When I would see Switzerland having 4 official languages I didn't realize it was regional so I thought everyone spoke all those 4 languages + English
It might be a political goal, and it’s useful to say X, Y, Z is being done for EU membership
Even if there is proverb for it “Don’t buy a house, obtain(gain) a neighbour” “Ev alma, komşu al”
Human life, minimum wage, cost of basic living
%64 of Hungarians are against same-sex marriage
As you yourself tell, there is no one single Turkey (since you say that Turkey could not be a nation state), but then you make petty ad-hominem arguments about how I am yearning to be European and Western (which I am not, far from it — I think Turkey is best served by being its own thing), implying that your view of Turkey is the only one that matters
Can confirm this post is legit
Nooo
That coup was backed by the USA's McCarthyist government and intelligence agencies
which is an ancient world wonder was for example stolen from turkey illegaly
I thought this was a Turkish problem
For example, I am considered to live sort of close to my school but even with that it takes me 30 mins by bus to go to my school
it is already the case don't you think?
Christianity is a religion, it's not a German religion.
This sort of thing makes the class distinction even greater.
The other is provincial timariot cavalry, which were the fiefowner cavalries that made the majority of Ottoman armies, they were much more lightly armoured and far more numerous, together these two were upwards of twice the number of Janissaries.
I'm not anti immigrant, I welcome Syrians in Turkey (those actually running away from the war, not Erdoğan's bff jihadists) but not in Istanbul.
It's just too cute :)
And the bayan/kadin bullshit is the Turkish equivalent to tumblr xir/xer/genderbender bullshit.
Why does the Netherlands allow this?
I think it's pretty easy, compared to German or French
It’s because %100 of all ministers are AKP sided and they are all hunks
2017 will be far worse because USA interest rates will rise even more .
Another common scam by taxi drivers is relying on your lack of attention and handing you the change from 20 liras even though you gave them 200, or change for 10 liras instead of a 100, for example, if you'll notice they'll keep insisting you gave them less than you actually did
in their mind it was jihad, so legitimate by Islam
>Is the state media talking about the march of is it being ignored
Azerbaijan for sure
Well that makes sense thank you for explanation.
Have you ever lived under a junta regime?Have you ever lived in Turkey?So please stop saying things like"They were only overthrowing Erdoğan".Many Gulenist played a part in the coup(Gulen is no different than Erdoğan)while Secularist soldiers supported him.Because they know coups don't work.Erdoğan is the president because of the coups.Coups don't fix anything they just make it worse.
I am listening their Greek classes and it's pretty good
This article can’t be changed under any circumstances which is protected by the article 4
Probably most associated song with us by foreigners is
Not much surprising
It is the same picture if you change the British Flag to Turkish Flag
For example, I teach English
Came here to say iskender kebab.
Sun is hot but i just get under a shade
You could pronounce it as in indicative form of split and everyone can write it down
Some of his followers make him look like, Turkey wasn’t even exist before him, see him like same as Muhammed in some cases higher than him
I’m surprised
You should try Rişk.
A Turk who doesnt  like tea
Man wish I lived those times
In turkey 120 km/h means drive 132 km/h
It's so fucking stupid i couldn't even believe the news
Today, she is trying to make a living by being a music teacher
Friday is the 'sacred day' for Islam
These observers send the results of the ballot box they are responsible of to their political parties hq and whit little differences these results matches the offical results.
Yea, Our ruling party is a bunch if shitheads that seem to get elected because"they built roads"
I at least know there were a bunch of soldiers in my father's side.
There are tons of proofs that there weren't any war crimes but
How about Azerbaijan
I cant say that I do
I want to send random large companies with huge accounting departments made up invoices and see who pays
It is Turkish but its mainly numbers so you can understand
He says that when they decided to publish *Lucky Luke* in Turkey in the mid 1950s, they wanted to use their own name for the character, and adopt the 'Red' from [*Red Ryder*] and 'Kit' from the title character of [*The Adventures of Kit Carson*] both famous Western stories of the time
Turkish is a non-indoeuropean language so for Europeans,learning turkish can be difficult
It's by no means a surprise that countries are condeming us, I saw it coming but I didn't expect to see such a reaction from European citizens and media
It drives me crazy
His voter base are just fucking imbecciles who would fall for his ''EU can't handle our swag and trying to block our glorious facts, you see what I'm dealing with here
We tried to get a democratic rule first in 1950 and the elected government ended most of the Kemalist revolutions
Whats a proggresive law
>The people who committed the Armenian genocide are like national heroes in Turkey
By the end of 9th grade, students pick one of three "sections" called "maths and natural sciences", "Turkish and maths", and "Turkish and social sciences".
Maybe you can make the historical buildings at the exact locations
I didn't know Miyazaki was on this forum
It is still seen as a wonderful choice by the majority of people
The jury is still out on that revision but even if we take it as an accurate representation it also showed this Q3 as having even more negative growth.
Opening of random horror movie
Nah can't stand him, but the alternatives are incompetent shitshows.
A lot of people in Germany did and they lost their German citizenship because of it.
1) Any other Turkic State
You made me laugh, thank you kind stranger
I did not expect it to be look so out of tbis planet
Other thing is purchase power of household
and unfortunately it will get worse :(
Sry but Trump being anti-war was much more preferable and Democrats are not reliable on this issue
What a stupid "prank", if that was here he would have been shot 153 times.
boza is pretty common in turkey too
Squirrel
East: There are lots of Kurdish citizens living there and already have some seperatist movements
Technically not “the iron road”
Thessaloniki = Selanik
You have to live here for like 8 yrs (that makes 2 elections, ya know) at least to understand the whole politic groups of the country
I know you like them due to their open war with isis but just search on their past before isis was a thing and what they did.
**Düşün altındaki binlerce kefensiz yatanı.**
**The historical part of the map**
Especially the views towards LGBT, women's rights and racial equality.
They mean "give the meat for free".
Atatürk was born in Thessaloniki, modern day greece
Honestly aside from all the bad things happening last couple years, we at least have kebab and Döner
Not nearly as much as they hurt Turkey but lots of EU based firms have factories here.
Oh, I am sure if those yörüks were atheists they would leave their traditional lifestyle and become "enlightened shepherds" for your way of life.
You compare a cartoon making fun of china's one child policy, to a magazine cover indicating political assassination with the title "why not", and you wonder why people are downvoting?
Giving people the freedom to not endure pain any longer
Well, would it change your opinion to find out that between '23 and '50 the alphabet changed, educational system was overhauled, Ottoman clothing such as fez were banned and replaced with Western counterparts, the demographics were shaken up via population exchanges & forced assimilation, economic policies were shifted intensely and new alliances were formed
> People are not their leaders
[göreme national park]öreme+milli+parkı&sourceid=opera&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8)
Idk
I like Italy's history,especially Rome,city state and rennaissance periods
Never saw something like this in my lifetime, this is insane
Because its kinda my second country, do not need visa or passport
Your needs for you to do your job
Even though I am in Latvia now the sight of a group of teenagers makes me feel uneasy
Ve ayak
It is also a good place for Europeans to get cheap surgeries
Criticism against Islam by Turks is dismissed as Kemalist elitism.
crying 50€ for 10mbit in turkey
If you are not careful you might get shish kebabed.
Thoughts
I refrigerate some of the eggs and leave some of them outside
Meanwhile I cannot get into Greece (driving distance) without a visa
I would like to be called Nikos
They used the source wrong the one about Turkey is a map of villages that had Armenian names and were changed later on in Turkification of Turkey its not a map of Armenian majority regions those villages could have any number of different ethnicities
i hate tea and baklava
After the attempted coup he had adorned AKP HQs with huge Atatürk flags.
But the current major who is the major since 90s. Develloped city
Damn his Hand remind ne Doom fist
In fact, the general who orchestrated the 1980 coup was prosecuted under Erdogan's government
This feels too alien for me
When I went to name my child they told me 'you can name him anything without the letters x, w, q because they don't exist in official Turkish'. I asked again, 'anything
We also have mandatory Philosophy lessons in High School
Can u love 4 woman at the same time
in fact, right-wing dictatorships mostly originate from europe [\[1\]]#Europe).
Their products are in literally every pharmacy
It is, lol
Edit: Google Translate just picks a gender if you try this in Turkish, results will be "He is beautiful
Still your fluidy body parts contain incomparable amounts of bacteria that should not be shared with others.
Unfortunately I wasn't able find one unanimously hated as whenever I typed something about an MP commiting a crime HDP MPs getting arrested came out and most of those cases are very controversial and imo are false charges
" and "It's nobody's business but the Turks" and "Turkish prison" may force a facepalm but nothing major
But his laugh will carry on to our future
Turkey used to be a pretty diverse country
It's very relieving to hear some gratitude after all
Oh, I didn't know that
They are seeking green, happy life which we don't have here unless we are rich
Your analogy to food would be more accurate if parents were force to give their kids milk
It is the worst SIN you can commit
&#x200B;
Also, Turkey has one of the highest drop out rates compared to European schools.
What is the story behind it
Language itself can be real childish easily
OP explained about it as puberty and I understand it wrong at first
Well at least they will think that turning violent over this is OK, not that they will do anything about it themselves.
You should have a boat trip at night
Wow,spicy
Nobody anticipates him to win another election, even if he does, his majority votes will be gone
A common misconception is that city lost its spirit after Ottoman conquest but it was still named Konstantiniyye,all the Greeks and non muslims were allowed to stay and take on Ottoman citizenship,and throughout the Ottoman dynasty city was valued and kept as the most advanced city title for many years
if Turkey has done, it is genocide
Contain your assumptions
In the recording you can hear them talking about my brother, nah this one is hard to break, he is not talking about politics at all etc etc
Also many of those villages are small settlements thats why they are dots meanwhile OP's map gives the impression that bold green areas are majority Armenian
Your anecdote is not an argument.
I've tasted it never, but people tell me it tastes like ouzo
Just put some random central asian women on the role and we will be ok
Even Natives used the ice land bridge in Bering 10.000BC to cross from Asia to North America.
Also 101 years ago today Grand National Assembly founded and Ottoman government overthrown
I imagine It was vice versa for them
ananın buruşmuş amına tefal ütü basar dümdüz ederim
What I mean is the policy failed badly and now we have problems with all our neighbors.
) and shared on instagram as it is finished with date and time
My dad claims to speak English, but I know the extent of his skills and believe me it's not very impressive, I assume it's the same with most other countries
Sorry to all Swedish and Finnish people in this sub for that sentence :)
I can tell lots of fun facts if you are interested in dark humor
" (silivri soğuktur)
Jokes aside, it really depends on where you are
That is very cool, thank you
They aren’t exactly near residential areas though
They are also suffering near the border region at night, they only have their backpacks with them and don't know when they can cross the border
Thanks
As a Turkish person I wish I was the clown making fun of RTE
Ferdi Sayışman was a famous calligrapher and did the lettering for many comics around that time
I have a green turkish passport and i can travel visa free to 164 countries, exactly 67 more than regular turkish passport
"I vow to thee, my country
Salad and meat is enough
A soldier cannot be a partisan, or else he is discharged, end of story
I prefer "rest in terror" lol
I feel hopeless
Sure not every book is Quantum Physics but it's still better than nothing
Turkish goverment provides it not only Turkish citizen but also Syrian refugees
&#x200B;
peynir=cheese
And finally the "umbrella" of everything, Turkic and minorily Caucasian roots
I mean everybody get circumcised here but still every guy horny as fuck
Tried it and saw "how do i sign in to another domain"
The doctor thing kinda scary
Sup, Almanya
Ankara: Let's take a small town that is somewhat strategically safe during the Liberation War and make it the capital and completely fuck it up with unplanned growth and immigration
They are already aware of the danger.
Atatürk was an insignificant soldier before 1919.
+: "Wisconsin
Hello I am gay, will I get blown up the moment I put my step on the street
They also will create a wave of Turkish refugees on top of that.
I thought we had it bad due to low purchase power but looks like it's pretty similar throughout
One day, I was translating him to my Türkmen friend and she stopped me mid sentence and said that he’s speaking Turkish
*Yawn*. It is a wonder that they launched this at a time when capitalism’s failures are so bluntly apparent
Not just some internet troll going "yea I bet its those muslims again".
I think it's also kind of a sad reminder that we're all more alike than different and all crazy mixed, even after population exhanges after WW1
It exactly means "woman that is aged beautifully, got prettier with age".
POV: You find the braindead one
Jokes aside I am surprised most said yes in Turkey.
According to this subreddit, Turkey is /r/Europe.
Shit, I did not notice Belarus changed the color of their flag
Yeah, I think its fairly representative of young European men.
&#x200B;
But the ruins that are forgotten or in small cities are usually destroyed by bounty diggers or villagers(they used stones to make houses)
Does it have good nature
This isn't about Erdogan, I hate him yet still support the operation - opposition parties support it as well, it's a matter of national security for us, not politics
(we don't really have straight up Arabic words, and the ones we do aren't spelled or spoken the way it was intended to)
Happy 200th years of revolution komşu!
) made by Erdoğan
Should have remembered that there are a lot of döner restaurants around the world lol
Wait a minute
A year ago, it would have been completely different (With Russian jet going down and shit)
Hard to predict but based on the [current situation] syrian goverment will most likely get back all the parts of Syria that's currently occupied by ISIS.
You had me at chai
Not exactly a happy marriage but it could be managed, considering we far outnumber them and I don't think the relations are as bad as say, Greece or Armenia
There is absolutely nothing wrong with racial profiling.
The famous whistling language, which doesn't have words but melodies, is whistled in the mountains of Black Sea
I remember a news article about the CEO of one of those companies jumping off a fucking window
2 = iki
5- Not a country, but Islamic history as well
You can replace lesser people below betas with automation and there is not much difference.
>Hungary has the oldest underground railway in continental Europe
So this is also in the same ballpark.
And he gifted me a Polish flag key chain
As far as I'm aware, around 20% of undergraduate programs use English as a medium of instruction partially or fully
It’s just
They don't look like nouveau riche creeps at all
At least a few on the Syrian and Iraqi borders
Writing ANY anti government stuff on mainstream social networks is basically a ticket for your whole family to get fired and for you to get arrested.
There are citizens from very different ethnicities
Those are rookie numbers compared to 130 million of native Americans
We did an operation to cyprus and we are doing many operations on syria now
Turkish Economy is not at its peek thus this developments will not change by then
Modern/posh people might have one.
Also, commentor is wrong about paronoidsim of junta
Dont mess with politics if you can't handle half of the population hating you
Sıkıldım = I'm bored
Edit:Typo
The fields are guarded by military police tho
A few months back, Erdoğan's advisor said that "the Balkans, central Asia and [northern] Africa long to be controlled by Istanbul".
Main motivation for voting HDP for kurds is because they're pro-autonomy doesn't matter religious or secular.
We welcome half of the dodecanese to Turkey  :)
Also many things are built where they really shouldn't be (they could fall into the sea or have landslides), or don't comply with standards.
At -15 the humidity that's left in the begins to crystallize and sparkle
Sythian
) which is a country that has even more secular (?) population as far as I know
Which accent is the high-pitched one?
That's not how Schrödinger's thought experiment works.
This is how you cripple your former nation if you're vying for independence
The Clock Tower, İzmir
But Erdogan’s forced Islam changed this a lot
The context is a famous poet goes to live in France for several years
Surrounded by old, beautiful architecture and new, ugly stores
Doesnt know why but keeps voting for akp and erdoğan
Are the Catholic god and the Mormon god different?
All of our unsuccesfull students go to your country to study medicine for instance lol
Dont buy the sun
Maybe in age 13-14 would be better for explaining age
Turkey is not an Arab country
He is very tall and has the biggest body mass of them all and well
Also Romans
Many people view history biased
They are Bulgarians, through and through.
Yeah, feel superior because you are doing a man should do.
He is unfortunately like Putin, we cannot get rid of him :(
In Turkish:
Such a great leader and champion of liberal democracy.
The latest wannabe will get the same treatment, sooner or later.
Lmao
He should be careful what he wishes for.
Brittany home prices go up in the summer
If you can't use your brain to think out why this is then I can't help you.
Nice read, thanks
Armenian thingy
it was called eastern roman empire (aka byzantium) which is why they are identified as romans.
Brain salad
I don't know about architecture tho, so you tell me if it's Mediterrenean :D
It makes everything way easier in my opinion
If the result is a NO, he'll be done for dont worry.
Very usual
Also the dubbers were just talented which is something hard to come by
They come take your money an go but if you don't give them they may even kill you
Frengi" in Turkish, but not just because of is considered "French" but because it is considered "European/westerner etc". So roughly European=French
When I said that I remembered our fallen soldiers history againts PKK
A turk, a greek and an armenian's ship wrecked and they trapped in a remote island.
Invasion is Bad, this problem should have solved in 2012 but we are (whole world) is stupid enough to push these decisions until people started to die
Creating an adequate amount of propaganda through state channels is not possible unless you got 1984 tier propaganda channels, you have to involve the people
> every major European economy
That's how we discuss those things: with facts.
We had high border tensions with Greece cuz of the refugee wave
like getting a haircut, getting a taxi, going to a car mechanic, calling a plumber, delivery etc
(I don't take the bus very often but it was the best video I could find of the campus.) I think the campus is so beautiful that I actually feel proud to be a part of it.
That's a surprise now
The Italy is made out of Italy
Have you ever driven in the U.S.? Compared to the U.S., Istanbul is paradise, and the traffic death rates reflect that
So it is not about the conversation/language is not understood because it sounds like "French" but conversation is not understood because the listener is a "French".
I had my education in English completely (except history, geography, Turkish language and literature) so yeah definitely heard of it and participated in it
oh well bruh
Excuse me guys but I'm Turkish an don't get it
I'm personally all for cooperation with the West.
But the fact that I see that line of thinking as the top comment on every post about the coup tells me that the majority thinks that way.
Just the way it is in the Turkish language.
The country went through so many changes, I’d like to experience it unfold
Please be a coincidence
Lol There are a lot of Turks there doing that too
Thank you,i am on the mobile so sorry for mistakes.
Do cargo companies or food delivery work
Actually in my neighborhood they tend to keep to themselves more, which I think is odd, because people here are really nice to them.
Didn't know you could drive for hours and not get angry
Looks like that castle during that one mission in skyrim where you go into this party or some shit
Uranyum(U)
Every region has its own dialect
We don’t really hate you per se but Turkish people in Bulgaria have suffered so much, so I guess that raises a negativity
Turkish folk is very unique because while it carries Turkic values, it also combines European and Asian styles
He literally says "He punished them, even though they exaggerate it."
**1800s:** Kostantiniyye
Lmao
Enjoy the chaos
I've never heard of this before.
Which is why there are universally accepted interpretations of Quran.
They support Erdoğan blindly but have no idea on what the fuck is up here
Open the border
ppl get used to it i guess, lol
Pork is forbidden to muslims and jews, but obviously there's no (secular) law against eating it.
It’s like a part of Istiklal street from early 00’s.
This is what he is gonna hear next day
Carry water and food for you and your compariots and don’t forget gas masks and eye protection even sunglasses are good
It's just enough if they don't tell their thoughts to others".
Decades earlier than most other countries
-Everyone knows everyone this has advantages and disadvantages
Well those are not random people of the street you know they were rebels.
ruler liked it
So be careful ur Nutella may say things like '' It's Istanbul Not Constantinople'' or '' It's been 567 years  forget it''
They do have a very distinctive accent yes, but then so do a lot of regions in Turkey proper, so ultimately it doesn’t make them any less Turkish
It looks like a pic from Age of Empires
Where do we submit the form
It is for porn
(English) Skopje
After every syllable a -gi -ge -ga -gu -gü is added like “sana söylüyorum”—> “saganaga sögülügüyogorugum” (I am telling you)
Trump was better than let's say Bush or Obama
Just bought and finished the tutorial of ck3 after hours of Stellaris, lol
We're still pretty shitty though.
Well, for some of them we just say some sentences and skip it
Ölme
I mean PKK
He didn't attack the secular opposition yet .
So again, it’s done deal
Bosnia, Kosovo, North Caucasus, Tatarstan.
Also the Turkish government has been supporting islamist organizations around the globe instead of bombing them, but we still get attacked.
Happy cakeday
The only two major things I'd imagine being really difficult is subs and jet fighters.
Don't give, even if you are offered Earths, this heavenly motherland
In smaller neighbourhoods dogs even attack people
There are not much Turks where my mother comes from so why would I? When I am abroad I am a *Turk* though
British tourists are the best tourists.
Stupid liars elect stupid liars
Not a country where english is the primary language, but my school used to host spelling bee competitions between classes
I know it sounds weird
As long as the Greek side wants them to be just a minority in a unitarian state that won't happen.
But it had to be so because like I said, the the app simply can’t handle so much traffic
PKK is a marxist-communist armed organization, recognized as a terrorist by EU and NATO
That's because traditional British position was to see EU as an economical union that wouldn't integrate further.
Lmao, we used to have that shit too
But yeah it conflicts with native language rule
It's not even important who is richer than who, all of that is  irrelevant lmfao
One simple example is that Russia is able to produce its own fighter jets for example.
my language
Simple they are being funded by Russia.
The question was probably "How often do you read a book?" and 39% chose "Never"
Note:This is /u/nextinction's(Thank you) post i just reposted to to /r/europe with his premission.
You make it sound like a venereal disease.
Hands up, I would say it's probably one of the most iconic photos of the decade
I was uhh sarcastic
Similarly with Turkey, I don't even think it will lead to a hot conflict between our countries but even if it does, I'm perfectly sure Turkish borders would remain intact
I believe Izmir has the highest percentage of Atheists
While the guy saying "Berlin is in shock" is wrong and exaggerating, terrorism does effect people.
This type of male violence against woman has upraised under current government which they don’t so shit about it
They primarily teach Islam and how to be a good person in general (morals and ethics)
Because Turkey is located between Balkans, Mediterranian, Black Sea, Middle East and Caucasus combined
Or we just yell "THERE ISN'T ENOUGH CONCRETE" when someone does something brave
Hope that it had interested you
There is Flat-Earth Foundation(just one person i guess)
4 years high school and you finish thr high school like at the age of 18
Have you noticed that they shit white shit on dark  cars and dark shit on white cars
Last year we had snow for only 2-3 days and it melted really fast.
Nationalism replaces religion for the most part; globalism is the third alternative.
Who cares about child soldiers man they have gender equality.
I'm always fully careful on the words I say and on the sentences I make, to avoid to seem like someone how you anti-turks want me to seem as
OMG TURKEY POST OMG
>I know Turkey is a Islamic country
Carthage
I would nominate David Mitchell.
It never snows in İzmir
Eventually HDP was left alone and Erdoğan started picking them one by one and puttimg in jail.
If you ask something to driver, you start with Thank you then say something like these
I will look in to his podcasts
In Turkish:
But I'm white , seems like not all the Turks are brown mate.
After the Syrian war, we can include Syrian refugees and other Middle East migrants that followed
I have seen a lot of pitbulls and bulldogs on reddit with smiles bigger than the happiest idiot in the world
But ngl looks kinda appealing
Iconic design of the classic UK plates are also amazing, but their plastic material looks quite unsatisfying
I had a half Danish friend back when I lived in Germany.
And it isn't about your country either
The most conservative you can see is those old women with a Hijab and a large coat or dress covering up their body.
" or I just say the question that they asked in Turkish
DNS sorduysan 208
Greeks in Germany wave the Greek flag, they open up Greek restaurants, they stay within their Greek compatriots.
Doesn't Austria have something better to do?
They did not see the Big Bang or evolution happening
But there are also some in Isfahan, which are located in central Iran because in 1604 many Armenians were deported by shah Abbas in view of his scorched earth strategy during the Persian-Ottoman wars in the 17th century
But fairly known
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Me and most of my friends uses one name with his relatives and other name for friends or other people
It hasn't happened, yet, but it will be the Istanbul earthquake
**Bastığın yerleri “toprak” diyerek geçme, tanı,**
It's more like: A politician is behind closed doors with a nuclear executive, given that there is a 50% chance that the exec will offer a bribe and a 100% chance the politician will accept it, until the doors open the politician is in a quantum superposition of being both corrupt and clean at the same time.
It's hard to understand them without really understanding the language tbh.
Kuruluş Osman(ottoman emp
Reminds me of my family's village, the lady even looks exactly like a teyze
People don't vote to mayors as they vote to government
They can and will live together but because of Saddam's policies some Shias want revenge and some Shias hold Sunnis responsible for groups like ISIS.
I will live my life after 35 in one of the bays of our country
It means that we own this land.
conversely, most goods are not that expensive
I hope I can see the day when MHP is treated as such in Turkey but yeah I am not holding my breath
>With what looks like English girls
I remember the names Obiliç and Lazareviç from high school history lessons.
We should fight to save our country rather than just giving up and go.
823 Euro per German
But class hierarchy is often indicated by accents and way people speak
Καλημερα, neighbor
Give me back my tribute
Make Turkish Cypriots feel safe some other way.
Asians are notoriously famous being smarter than Europeans.
•Laicism
It was because of a political problem that was happened in 2017
Now you know how I feel when I see muricans from Bumfuckville hoping that Constantinople returns to Christian hands.
The most popular one is Basilica Cistern which you can visit
So it's rather common to see Turkish speakers use expressions like "open the lights" or "open the radio".
Even my history teachers denied it and i was just smiling wondering how nationalism leaded us to rewriting the history
Erdogan is dangerous take a mad man with power seriously.
Consider comparing google pixels and iphones
He likes "secularism" only under his control.
Happy cake day
She was even petted by Barack Obama
Mom and I also don't leave dad alone during Ramadan when he fasts
These soldiers were defending their position against ISIS.
It's a top export here and USA has been on our asses about it ever since the late 60s.
In a complex world like this, creating and protecting one absolute and objective truth, one way to look at things, one way to interpret the world is not possible
Şalgam Suyu: Turnip Juice
Thank you for your kind words, I really appreciate it.
I hate Çamlıca Mosque but good photo
And some people get afraid of the unknown more and just vote for the same person because they are use to.
rude beard\] Olive-Safinaz)
They don't have basic voting culture yet .When economy goes bad russian people will believe Putin becasue of the anti-western culture .
Go to Chios instead, they have the best Aegean cuisine restaurants in Greece by a long shot.
I used to watch its cartoon in my childhood.
] According to my research, the most popular kebabs in Germany are those two, who had been around ever since medieval times
Well, I don't mind it being used by people who are obviously joking.
Just that if you write something like "what a shitty islamist neighbour", I just have to remind you that your government wholeheartedly supported an Islamist party while my country was still secular.
He's a symbol for the secular, modern Turkey.
How is it going to work in a country with blasphemy laws
Takes only 20 minutes, now that's efficiency!
35 is the total number of killed soldiers since the start of ES operation.
English because I like English as a language a lot
On one point he or someone from his party said they are the one who put fridge in house, They are the one who brought water to Istanbul
Some people are just cruel, man
That's King to you
Yeah i forgot to mention that thank you.
it appears the internet situation is also not so great in greece.
All they do is to stroke their dicks over Turkey
I'm talking about something else.
Egyptians
So all I do is to say good morning/evening/night when I see them
[official numbers(turkish)]
I quit my job and left Estonia last month
” - Napoleon Bonaparte
And they had the grace to call it bira as god intended
Not that much liked in Turkey either.
1€ = 6
The filling is rice, onion, pine nuts, cinnamon, parsley, [these currants] and sometimes tomatoes.
Netherlands already did in Srebrenica.
It's literally the most recognizable country in terms of shape
nice
r/madlads
They know the army inside out and they have no reason to lie, they hate Erdoğan too.
A lot of coast, however no idea how fast and steady the wind is:
I'll hide in my survivalist shelter deep in the woods just in case
Always been legal in Turkey since its foundation
And I can easily say this for most of Turkey's population
He used the coup attempt in 2016 as an excuse to exercise total control over the country and made the regime semi-presidential, granting himself immense privileges and power
Without the EU we would be isolated politically since we would be rejected by the middle east.
Homosexual relationships were common enough and wasn't shunned in Ottoman era because or Persian cultural influences
I just wanted solidarity, support to our democratic institutions, and goodwill to my people in my first comment.
Islam is a religion and also an ideology
I see a lot of similarities
Some people have really good imagination here
I believe there was an effort during the late stages of the Empire to create a Commonwealth in the same way the Anglosaxons did with their Empire.
The historical facts, the laws, the highest court in EU says otherwise
Making voting mandatory and declaring the voting day a federal holiday would easily lead to USA having high turnout rate as well.
We also put hot sauce with butter and spices on it.
It is like one day Erdogan came across on the street with Kacinski and Orban and told them;
&#x200B;
Thats actually what I meant with 1.
The magnitude was 7
If you were to ask that question to the average Turk, you would get "heretics" as an answer
Why Netherlands needs the NATO protection?
You either get a neutral reaction or hostile looks
All the world against Turkey
According to the witnesses, the shooter said "You will die here just like we die in Syria" and shot him.
It's actually the top film on the IMDb bottom list, followed by another propaganda film for Erdogan; named "Codename: K.O.Z."
McDonald’s and garbage man also come to mind
It's horrible
I absolutely loved the comics and still read them again sometimes.
Definitely the new airport in Istanbul - poor transport, there are problems with weather and it costed much, much more than renovating Ataturk Airport would have
Berlin for understanding what is eu like
She recieved so many harsh critics and at one point she considered commiting suicide
"Ottoman Empire" is used to avoid confusion in a historic context just like when people refer to "United States of America" as "the Union" when discussing the civil war.
In these covid days, i am trying to learn german
109 Milyar
Let's cover it up with giant machinery
Parola IT
No major ones, flair explains it I guess
Both Earth and world means "Dünya"
Köpek balığı (Shark) = Dog fish
Literally) after someone travels somewhere, they'll come back faster
He just sued Geert Wilders for that reason he proably will do the same with charlie hebdo
He found allies wherever he could, Soviets felt threatened by the Brits so they helped.
Instead of negotiating, Greece just took over the islands, planted a flag and started to militarize them.
We are Hunnic brothers aren't we :(
A guy in Denmark makes one cartoon about Mohammed and shit hits the fan.
Its not like Turks can migrate to Eu so easily,
Which would probably have a huge mall
Finally they did something reasonable
Still no transitria
It seems they have some sort of a "German, good, non-German, bad" mentality while interpreting daily or professional occurrences
We don't really have different dialects in Turkey
We have more complex things to get angry about, like food, or someone claiming Anatolia is rightful Armenian/Kurdish/Greek clay or something
That's literally what they campaign on.
The 1980 coup gets very little attention in foreign media
Hmm when Chp tries to get right wing voters people like him fuck it up.Thanks to this we will see 1 billion articles from pro gov newspapers about how Chp is evil and supports Pkk and some people will belive it.
At this point, I think Erdogan doesn’t gives a shit about eye’s of the world, anymore
But Vlad (the Impaler) is seen as a respected enemy.
They can represent an Armenian majority, as well as a significant or visible Armenian community (mostly in reference to the larger cities such as Kayseri, Tabriz, Halep or Adana which had, as a whole, a Muslim majority, but a visible Armenian city quarter or community
depends on the person really, mostly jeans are okay.
But I feel more at home in Adana or Mersin or Antioch
They are fighting for their Islamist identity.
The Republic of Turkey does not recognise the Uyghur genocide
Nikos
Nevertheless, my advice would be to travel more
It is not like this is the first time Soviet union "sacrificed" their own people to achieve their goals.
But now that everybody is nice and scared people in Europe won't oppose the deployment as much.
You choose to keep your last name or change it when you marry and children take the last name(if parents have different they might have two or the parents can choose which one)
All those balkan countries' population alone is half of ours.
For example, all three of the other major parties placed more women in their rosters compared to previous terms, but they were still behind HDP.
Buses are usually so crowded that you can't even see the driver when getting off
Do you get mad when cats eat rats
But the Dutch one seems funny with pirated content lol
It shows the ignorance level of Turkey
Suez = Süveyş
Not a single nation/ethnicity name but whenever someone gets racist towards Turks over the things Ottoman sultans did I find it a bit amusing — they were barely “ethnic Turk
I don't remember any time in our history, we banned a politician entering our country.
When you settle in France you immediately have to go to OFII to register, they call you back 1-2 months later for your residence permit
Clever choice by standing on european side OP its like baiting the clowns to say thats not europe
I shall give the love and care for stray animals
But on the other had we're already pretty good with the renwables.
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
But you need to hurry cus your Armenian bruuthers are getting wiped out right now
All people would bring flags and flag designed shirts and march to the city centre
(+Galatasaray University but the language of education is French) Istanbul University (with 2 different campuses) and Hacettepe are the best in Medicine, while Boğaziçi University is the best in positive and social science degrees
[This] would be Turanist moustache
maybe bandana sometimes lol) went to Germany one time and someone literally asked "you are forced to wear a hijab in Turkey aren't you
Very interesting
This doesn't mean all of his voters are die-hard supporters of him
Nice motto
Depends on how you look at TRNC
Istanbul sometimes bother me, choke me although I love the city, vibrant
If the referendum doesn't pass it will be a major win for democracy.
They are going to divide turkey between themselves.
It was a homeland for many civilizations even before the Greeks and Persians ruled there
which really speaks to their own views and standards.
What I'm saying is that within that 50% are at least 10% people who voted out of fear because terror attacks increased after June elections, and at least 10% more are voters who vote for AKP because their preferred party has been neutralized or has no hope of crossing the threshold.
Fuck off 2020
Were they wrong in France when the bombs went off?
Rome is an amazing city, it's great that it has managed to preserve its historical texture
> When the imam starts to sing
But it can be dangerous too
We have "Alman usulü" (the German way) for splitting the bill, and "Çingene düğünü" (Gypsy wedding) to refer to a loud crowd of people
Armenia: Well, not a lot of Turks say it so, I'm sorry for what happened in 1915
I was taught swear words (in my language) were bad and I shouldn't use them, but I learned much of my informal English through entertainment media, which contains a lot of swearing.
Holy crap, in Turkey the rest of the sidewalk would turn and beat the shit out of the abductor
But I wouldn’t say it is a custom directly to bus drivers but these are the customs that you can use anywhere
Turkey won't invade Greece.This is Erdoğan creating an enemy to gain support but the thing is i am seeing same things again and again on this sub"Turkey not Europe","Genocider Turks" or comments abut Genocide in unrelated topics this has nothing to do with any of those(that title is also misleading on purpouse).
All were formerly diverse lands that were homogenised by killings, exiles and forced assimilations due to nationalistic and racist fervour during the breakdown of the Ottoman Empire and rise of Nationalism in each new ethnostate
A nation's politicians are only a reflection of the worth of its citizens
Mount and Blade series
Depends but i would say: Antalya, Bodrum, the historical areas of Istanbul and Cappadocia
Kırklareli=Place of Fourties
Illo IT
I don't expect Western Europe to defend us.
Kurdish people have been living in Syria & ME for thousands of years
Not rivals
Why do you think it is good for us?
It’s capital is Ankara
Norilsk not Europe
Yes now We're out of nato cus an idiot Canadian man said so
after that time i started to be more cautious since i often travel alone
Their Islamic identity is oppressed.
Erdoğan is trying to surpass Laicism while CHP is letting him to do so
not an Islamist terror organisation but a civil organisation
You can't conquer half of Mediterranean and hold it for centuries by being shit at everything little one.
Also Turkish "Hindi" means İndian (The country one)
Brits started to fight Russians mid of 18th century and it didnt last long.
Turkish government sacked nearly 4500 public staff tonight with a statutory decree.
He's one of the great aggrevators of tension in especially Syria for years now
Atatürk had no political power in 1915.
This entire region is master of whining and accusing others instead of taking responsibility and discussing solutions
There's something magical in that Island across the sea     That I can't go     But I can see
Kazakh: Not so much
There is no excuse or justification for anything in this.
I’ve been in this city/this town, etc
My father is one of the Albanians that fled to Istanbul during Balkan Wars and when asked his nationality he says he's Turkish
I was, and am still there, the crowd here is insane
When analytics has run out of control
Civilians dying and being specifically targeted are different things.
Sultan Erdogan's son-in-law ran away with $128B of Reserve Bank money and people who asked about the money got arrested
Greeks are understandably pissed but him trying something like that seriously isn't possible.
That said, you’re also falling into the same logical hole that you’re blaming the people who built the Modern Turkey 90 years ago — Turkey isn’t western, or non-western, it’s a multitude of things
Hating an Islamist community is the same as hating a conservative, socialist or liberal community.
Medians
> Put it out
They have an obvious power in northern iraq and syria but as i say not close to independence in my country
No wonder why Erdogan gains so much friction, especially from the Turks living in Europe
I don't like their community and I won't like almost anything that comes from their social and political ideas as a group.
These are rookie numbers
I never said anything like that
Country: Domestic violence is overlooked a lot by the government
Most Turks look down upon Arabs and don't like being associated with them
Normally I can speak closer to standard turkish if I am surrounded by non-izmirians, but once I get started to speak with my family and friends from hometown, shit gets real
It took 3 months to Kurds capture same sized city while best air force in the world supporting them.
Their memes, their manifestos and I can say that from what I've seen so far they are pretty much white supremacist.
Being brave, it can also mean that someone is successful or manly
And this magazine made many about Erdoğan as well.
Oh yeah, totally Erdo-boy let's fucking pray the sickness away, there you go
Turkish Republic, with it’s government and nation is an undividable whole, It’s language is Turkish
I hope Turkey is also considered in this sub
I miss paczki
While I don't know the guy humanity has been trading for more that 6 thousand years and he probably has some experience.
EDIT: Let me detail
Thats pretty cool
Therefore rest in peace
An article on wikipedia said that 2016 coup was a self-coup(is this the correct thing to say
Well, actually sometimes polish sound me some like japanese.
That aside, the suffix -stan is used a LOT in Turkish itself(Bulgaristan/Bulgaria, Yunanistan/Greece, Hindistan/India, et cetera)
[Right one should be something like this]
Guess YOU are not literate
American secularism can work if radical religious organizations aren't a threat (it doesn't exactly work even in the US though the way churches are involved in the political scene) but in a Middle Eastern country you go all the way or you lose it all to Islamists basically.
> He launched military campaign in Syria where Turkish army mercilessly killed a bunch of Kurds
Would people react differently if a person from an ethnic majority group (that has the priviledge and power than entails) makes a racist commentary towards minorities (who have disadvantages and disenfranchisement that entails)
No wonder most of european Turks vote for AKP.
>No agenda pushing: Refers to accounts which persistently post or comment on one topic and/or attempt to derail normal conversations in order to support their agenda
So brave
ah yes
Business men with lots of money and connections are people with heavy balls
>it was about the fact that 40% of the population still shits in the open because they don't have toilets or won't use toilets
Yes I do, because nobody calls it the "Federal Republic of Germany" or the "Hellenic Republic" except when you're speaking formally right
I'm sorry but modern European cities are never attractive to me
[Like this] People usually compare today's Europeans to WWII era Europeans and say 21st century is "pussified", they allow refugees to grope their women and don't even try to put up a fight etc.
I can just imagine the German tanks rolling through
*Bajilion upvotes, hundreds of awards*
When you forgot something to say but you know what it is but can’t say it because you can’t thing of the word — “It is on top of my tongue” -not only mothers but universal”
We produce the most hazelnuts By %80
Sadly, while Greeks punished their generals, we ended up glorifying them, their collaborators and successors run the country now
So it's still kind of dilemma for me
I once paid something like 0
You cannot use Uber, they pulled out of the Turkish market
People talk big about democracy but in the end everyone hates democracy if it gets the result they don't want and love democracy if it gets the result they want
Black sea region, or eastern Turkey in general,really
First one is from 1974, by the band **3 Hürel**, an all time star rock band composed of three brothers
People vote yes because they want safety, stability and security and don't care about the downsides.
But doing it is also disrespect
Usually begs for 50 kuruş (to buy a glue to inhale and trip to) and threatens you if you refuse
As HDP has been silenced (it's the party members in jail, not the voters), their voters will either go back to AKP or not vote or vote for independents as it used to be.
It's sort of an inside joke at this point
The flag I see is Turkey's flag
No, I am not talking about being pretty or some human shit
You know right, there's a difference between a prophet and a politician
Edit: independence war is more than a revolt tho
> in democracy it's not like you vote once and that's it
We don't have camels and don't like Arabic Culture that much in Turkey
I prefer to experience everything originally
Penalty of living in a beach city
The downfall of the value of the Lira, Erdogan telling a guy who was complaining about low wages to "go and drink tea", Erdogan's son-in-law saying something along the lines of "Let them eat cake"
There have been suings(that Erdoğan lost) but I don't remember magazine writer/caricaturist being jailed because of his drawings.
Asterix, Spirou and Fantasio, Lucky Luke, Tintin, I read them all when I was young
Edit: These are called “İkilemeler or in English Reiteratives”.
Gibraltar = Cebelitarık
Not the first time they've ever been there
The thing about Turkey is that we always live things in extreme
or maybe your flag promote your borders well :)
Some people don't see Atatürk as the founder of the country bu as the "traitor" who ended the "great" Ottoman Empire
People love to create enemies in their brains and unite against it
*Reads the text*
>Announcer: Why
Greek and Turkish unite lol
Baş
And the Muslim population liked it because it sounds like Islam bol, which means "full of islam".
Translation for non-Turkish redditers:
And the west is playing a big factor in the mess in the Middle East.
com/u/basicallyadoctor)
Dont think Islamists would come out of those groups, none of them have any reason to like Islamists.
Check a few replies below
There are also chip readers in train and metrobus stations that you hold your card against, it automatically calculates the amount of money to be repaid when you exit the bus/train
Turkey wants to troops to stay there until agreement signed
lets see
If Turkey wanted to participate in that war, it would destroy infastructure and land forces of the Armenians by using drones, not risking their planes and soldiers in dog fights
Now, Erdogan and his party are trying to change our constitution, which will give even more power to Erdogan (president) and abolish the prime ministry.
They love Erdoğan because he pumps up infrastructure and construction market and they think this is the only ingredient for a modern country.
Canada Australia NZ and US are the most popular options.
Poland deserves better
The problem is they are portraying it like all of Turkey except for SE is shitty and backwards.Hdp improved but saying something like "they solved all the problems" is wrong(Some of their members still do those backwards things).SE Turkey still is the most conservative and backwards part of Turkey (Mainly because of the economy and our southern neighboors aren't that advanced).
Where you from
Current problem in Syria was USA puppeted Kurdish state on its borders sheltering PKK members
It's usually Arab tourists wearing that thing
Democracy can not ensure 1 on 1 societal representation
[This one
If Abbasids never existed Eastern Roman Empire would probably be the main enemy of China and we would probably become Christians to escape the oppresion of the Chinese
It's the most standard cake you can buy.
I'm all for criticising Erdogan but referring to Europe as an "ally" is kinda naive.
Saraybosna was built at the time of Ottoman Rule (I mean yeah, Ottomans weren't the first there but they built lots of things and constructed the basics of city), and first name was Bosnasaray iirc, saray means palace in Turkish
" They even made a propaganda
Lmao a silver for that
It's German pension funds, Chinese billionaires, Qatari Emirs, etc
>r/IndigenousMetal
Europeans are racist towards not just Muslims, even Muslim cats.
I have never heard even 1 time AKP using Mecidiye march or gondol song or Mahmudiye march what are you trying to say these are songs with no lyrics in them if you want to write an alternative to my songs then do another comment none of these songs are about Islam 2 of them are not even composed by a Muslim
VW is a private company, if that is the number they see fit, they will pay it themselves, if that number is too much, that is their problem since they have to pay.
There are no artikels in Turkish, feminine/masculine words as a concept doesn't exist in the Turkish language.
And Turkey is still not Europe :/
I laughed very hard in front of their faces
I like seeing all countries ridiculed, including my own
You get the good shit when you have money
I think it's just that they've talked about it more.
If every kid with stones in there was a Cephe member there wouldn't five of them left.
EU keeps supporting Turkey despite Erdoğan but his voters think that he holds all the cards, he's making the big bad west bend the knee and shit.
As a Turkish, I can understand at least 90% of an Azerbaijani text, but it's tiring because of their slightly different alphabeth and some of different words
Comments are so one-sided
"That constitution was too loose for us
I have seen nature's fiercest predators tamed and giving hugs to their owners who fed them from day one
What do you think happened during the coup in Turkey?
Also you know we got our guy which might not seems as dumb as Trump but he certainly caused as much pain and suffering to our nation as Trump did to yours
It is actually the history of Atatürk's revolutions
Though at 110m above sea level it would be too much snow, not the sea level rise that would get you.
We don't really treat it as such.
I saw a guy selling this food with a label written observing :)
He will be if his referendum succeeds (and he is the one elected in 2019), but he isnt atm.
i hate tea and baklava
Quoting my answer to him; lack of a law making it the official emblem doesn't mean Turkey doesn't have one.
Watched them getting called terrorists and being sent to prisons literally made for them live on tv
A great number ~ 0
In underground sadistic human trafficking rings?
I of course with that those problems will end
Greece: Yunanistan (Land of the Greek)
but why
At least it was more common to see topless 10+ years ago than today
Religion lessons exists and its curriculum and weight has increased in recent years
I guess this our retarded way of saying "you can't fire me I quit"
Now it's even harder to criticise him because his fanboys will just call you a Gulenist or something like that.
Well actually it was commonly called İstanbul for hundreds of years
Basically logic is this PKK does an attack>Germany Supports PKK>Germany is responsible.
Fucking cunts are gonna result in Islam being hated even more by the west and thats gonna result in major govt support
Pfizer is hard to pronounce for average Turk who doesn’t speak german
You’re right, but if you want to fact check me, you can find many anti-Erdogan democratic pro western people bash Ahval news and refuse to work there
While the war was brutal, it was also exceptionally gentlemanly, especially between Anzac troops and Turks
We learned about all it's rulers in history, and the Siege of Constantinople and stuff, then we learned about The Ottoman Empire in WW1
Ask Austrians outside Vienna if they'd rather lose Vienna or coffee, the answer might surprise you.
Whooops I thought it was French.
(don't know if these really count tho)
When I think about it, we maybe never talked about the vikings
&#x200B;
Other one would be this: [Ashina Jiesheshuai] raiding palace with 40 men
I was expecting great bunch of lands for britain and northern Ireland lmao
But at the same time, great philosophers came out from the same era that would have similar views to today's society(but they were of course suppressed and censored during wars).
During the Talas Battle, we changed sides and joined Abbasids because we didn’t want to be mercanaries of the China, the side who oppresed us
Turkish people respect their own tradition that passes down from generation to generation rather than the actual teachings of Islam (at least the one that is interpreted by Arabian societies)
It's fake but in a sarcastic way
I don't remember him doing that.
omg covid 20 might break out from this thread
-Süleyman Demirel, who served in 7 governments in various positions; he was the prime minister in one of them and also became the president later on (back when that position was purely symbolic)
Well I wouldn't call him intelligent, but he is politically competent and not dumb and mostly he is lucky.
I'm glad the South-East isn't included in this map...
Would be superior
Our military or police won't allow her to pass in to Syria if she tries to enter legally
Other Turkic accents and dialects especially the Central Asian ones sound strong, pure and mighty
Turkey doesn't have any official coat of arms.
Cyprus is important for Turkeys interest and national security thus North Cyprus should be Turkish.
He-she distinction also doesn't exist
A part of me was cut and taken from me when I was 2 and couldn't defend myself
Are those 1lt bottles or 330cl
Its so fun every year
One day, same-sex marriage will be legal in all world
There are Greek schools in Turkey.
I’m a cat person as well but dogs are nice too
Lmao i thought you left Turkey out at first
Its understandable they romanticize, if they want to know somethjng about it their main source is mainstream media, not details.
"Kuyruklu a" which means "a with a tail". Pretty straightforward lol
Oldest company in Turkey is a public bath
I've seen people getting shot in video games and movies a thousand times but it's nothing like watching someone dying for real, even though it's not even live.
ever since yesterday , people just flock to r/turkey to post "recognize it" or similar stuff on completely unrelated threads
People who living with their families are usually kind of people that have an arranged marriage and live as that with no problem
Looks like your stellar arguement got [removed]
If not for WW2, Churchill would not even be remotely remembered fondly.
Damascus = Şam
That being said, Europeans need to understand that since the Euro is a reserve currency now and foreign governments are collecting more and more of it for their foreign currency reserves, you will have to print money at a greater rate than the increase in European population and productivity to stave of deflation.
Im just a sad turkish paying 20€ for 50mbps internet
He's rounding up the leftovers with the Cumhuriyet and academy operations.
This permits them to claim you can print or publish what you want but at the end of the day the reach of opposition media becomes much smaller.
You joke, but Pennsylvania has become a meme of sorts that people refer to when they talk about Gülen, "foreign spies" and all that.
Imagine my surprise when my first 2 languages don't and then when I started the 3rd one I have to pay attention to that lol
This is not true
Yes
apparently its called Ferhunde Hanımlar(Ferhunde Ladies)
You only asked a question Why people disliked lol :) no btw it is not banned
I’m just telling you that European sphere of cultural influence is wider and works differently than you think and goes a little bit beyond the continental Europe
In rural Anatolia, throwing and breaking eggs on the head/body of the groom at the wedding night is a tradition
I have always felt European because I have big sympathy for European values
On freedom of speech:
While ouzo is pretty similar to rakı (I think it's a bit sweeter) seems quite different.
Yes,only thinks that should come with a kebab is a bread and some greens
Maybe Crysis games because the founders of Crytek are Turkish but everyone else are German
Armenians still hate us, but I doubt they liked us before the gennocide anyway
We have places with -20 winters, obviously I don't live there because why but below zero isn't unheard of in Istanbul and 2-5 degree lows is normal for winter which is enough for the toilet seat to be too cold for comfort.
Luckily they don't do this nowadays
You sound like British Parliement when they heard their colonies are uniting in one banner
Elon's cult of personality on Reddit grows
But Europeans constantly deny or ignore that any Turks or Muslims died during this time period too.
I assume they're not much open to residents of the country but other Turks
In a european country they would be great parties.
Anti-semitism in 19th century
I didn't expect them to like us, i just stated that Turkey does not act hostile towards Bulgaria
I dont know the EU membership stuff good enough
I feel like one day Turkey will really shot down one plane and nobody will believe it like that shepard boy story
mr speaker we are for the big
Someone on the thread can link it to you.
I think Google has an option to translate for both genders for languages like Hungarian, Finnish, Turkish etc
Couldn't believe at first look
It's even easier to do so with animals
CHP voters voted for hdp to help them pass through the %10 threshold.
I said I wasn't gonna respond but I have to call you out on one thing: Do not ever compare the situation of the Dutch who got kicked out of a foreign land to the Turks who were born and raised in the Balkans, spoke the local language and were perfectly integrated.
In primary school, ours wasn’t separate but in high school
AKP doesn't want to be seen as the loser and they don't want things happened in 1974 to happen again.
The fact that we won't be able to join the EU in the near future
more and more unsavoury, to say the least
I am sick of the sun
It’s pretty much a dumpling but it’s mostly served with yoghurt and sauce on top
We have quite good relations with them
You realize that this is an oxymoron yes
Nobody forced Obama to fund terrorist groups like Al-Nusra either.
But this can be implemented to many areas with low circulation of people
This is the youtube comment section all over again
Unfortunately because of that now Erdoğan is in power.It is a gamble.
I believe our internet will turn to normal when this guy is gone
His days are indeed numbered, but it will still take some years
This kind of claims just further damage everything
She was even petted by Barack Obama
He/she simply scooped some sauce onto the pasta
The same goes for Istanbul
In this country you can't be a politician without also appealing the AKP crowd time to time.
Hell, even the world for high school is “lise”, which might be familiar
i was watching bbq videos throughout the whole europe you notice southern parts throw tomatoes as side while northern parts roast potatoes on charcoal so interesting
It starts in age 16, usually, for example, you father offers you for a sip
I would love to have something like that.
This [Wikipedia source] from Ministry of Health Lists lists a total 38
What do you know about Turkish political system, especially HDP and its members, if I may ask
And I have been to many, many cities around the world
Kalay(Sn)
We use "açmak"(open) both for the act of opening a door or lid, and turning on an electronic device in Turkish
Erdogan really appointed himself
No, its very uncommon thing
Ancient Finnish Empire (greatest extent)
What has this to do with free press?
I believe you say "be all Greek to something" in English
Some people are just cruel, man
I mean we shouldn't purge them all and we should give them the opportunity to be anti-vax but it should come with a great cost for them
Money wasn't paid(it is still beign paid) but a deal took place.Turkey is stopping refugees from going near borders this is why it stopped.
You made me curious to search about Finland :)
Besides, playing in English allows you to learn words or phrases you might have never heard of before
Neither do we need to be, which is my point
Russia meddling with the american elections goes to show the lengths they are willing to go to ensure batshit insane right wing governments get elected.
But it can be dangerous too
Kill Assad, marry Putin, fuck Gülen
But why oh why do western women convert to a religion that values them as exactly half as much as a man?
Probably Kırıkkale
Italy
As far as i know UK will help Turkey with technology transfer for engine then they will devolpe a similar engine together(other parts are Turkish) but both countries want to increase their trade relations so UK not only got more luck for future military contracts (there will be a lot) but they also got better relations with Turkey and both countries will get more money which is very good for them.People are shitting on her but she is doing a good job.Erdoğan and May won't be in power in 2030(when they will start mass producing it.They want first flight to be in 2023).
But the 't' gets softer to 'd' and the word turns to 'Hindistan', which you can also understand Turkeyland if you don't know the context.
Çekiç (pronounced "chekich") Bad ass
Dunno how it is now
It is everywhere
I've lived in that neighborhood
Syrian and Iraq as non-stable countries which already threatening more countries just than Turkey as refugees
Montenegro: Karadağ (Black Mountain)
he can still do plenty with executive orders though right
When we had a huge earthquake Greece was the first country to send help
only if it goes viral and cause public outrage.
The name translates as currycomb (horse comb) and it's about a gorgeous currycomb of a wealthy family
I *BROUGHT* this here
He is literally a dictator
OTTOMAN empire
Wish they put Turkey on the list
"Eğer okuyup adam olmazsan çöpçü veya inşaatçı olursun, ya da sanayide çalışırsın."
between Human beings
This map doesn't convey magnitude, at all
We also have [Okey
It holds a lot of tourists from within Turkey and also a lot of tourists from Iran
Anyone can cherry pick quotes to fit their motives
A father wanted to investigate his daughters murder
Yeah, Erdogan is probably not pro-EU.
Bulgaria: I cant see any real problem with them for 31 yrs
In Turkey we have around 75% taxes on beer at the moment
•Antalya:Russian Tourists,big resorts,hot
Hakkari Yüksekova is the most foreign feeling city
Mizeria seems like it could be a distant cousin of tzatziki
I hope they actually do some useful things like using more nuclear energy and reduce the fossil fuel usage
Sometimes it almost seems like i'm reading The Onion
Erdogan administration wasn't like that .
Always said it straight to the AKP, sometimes raging on the podium as the AKP deputies interrupted him all the time
It's as Eurocentric as you can get in pop-history and anthropology, and it's largely considered unproffessional, unscientific and filled with broad and outright incorrect generalizations.
so i'm assuming you have your tugce kazaz aswell.
[Palatal and alveolar, I guess] but the same as the English one?
If not, then it makes sense
One simple question; was attacking and killing isis members an oppression and ethnic cleansing against Arabs
Well he's the host, he should be responsible for the oven
Soren Kierkegaard
So you deny that Muslims were massacred?
* [Nemrut Dağ] (1987)
Greece
*genital activation initiated
Wait, I thought you were Irish this whole time..
Their ads are ussualy weird(like this one).They imitate some projects and they give a lot of promises.
Ach, what wouldn't I give to go back to the previous century, when everybody looked at the camera like it murdered your entire family
> Because seeing such a striking proof that things are getting better in a place that used to be filled with misery and post-industrial ruins not so long ago, and finding it depressing and sad is a pretty strong indication of that
TRNC is getting quite assertive in its domestic politics
25% think Obama is the anti christ
It is yoghurt with water and salt
Looks very small on the map but one of the major powers in the middle east
An old man (Eşref Cengiz) carrying bread loaves while crying in front of a collapsed building which killed 50 people
Why
From Galata Tower to Üsküdar
Maybe a bit further than that
they can't be logically against it.
I always thought this church*-tax* is fucking brilliant and we should have it in Turkey too
I'd say he wants EU to kick Hungary instead to get some sweet propaganda weapons, as if he'd become a martyr, but I don't know much about it like I said so I might be mistaken
That concept is just alien here
It includes tons of war
Do Greeks get offended if I sing [“İzmir’in Dağlarında Çiçekler Açar”] Song(March) is not against directly to Greeks but it mentions as all enemies by that time
*genital activation initiated
You can see her walking slowing after few seconds
I do not know, however, if the two are related somehow.
Be that it's a bit old now
Greeks were obviously a heavenly aryan people who descended from Thule 100.000.000 years ago and have no relation to their neighbours.
To make up for all this pre-Turkish achievements, modern Turkey has more skyscrapers than all Europe combined except Russia
Please don't claim things without knowing enough about the subject.
It has nothing to do with Erdogan
Or why Hitler invaded Poland beyond "he was expansionist".
And we were really bad at it
That would be too extreme for us
> When I was around 11, boys in my class used to touch the girl's butt and private area and run away
And Asian side of the city has some amazing places you don’t wanna miss
Look dude I get what you mean but you need to do some empathy obiviously Germans will care about a crime organization that's operating inside their own country than a foreign terrorist organization.
It might be wrong though
Secular movements for Palestinian rights have been diluted by Islamism, same as Kashmiri rights in India and Caucasus peoples rights in Russia
UK government used to support Turkey joining too.
Backwards isn't the only direction though.
Yes, the woman couldn't go outside, the lovers couldn't travel, because they were in fear of being beated by islamics
Getting sick of coalitions in public and also for foreign investors would also still hold true and AKP would still commit to neo-liberal project of the west and would still get that financial support from the west
In Turkey you usually eat a fuckton of seeds in matches.
The english call the bird turkey because they bought it through Istanbul and called it Turkey Coq, later becoming just turkey
It's kinda complicated in France
Some of AKP voters aren’t so happy about the party but they think it’s the “lesser evil”. The die hard fans, I have no words for
It's the UAE and its because of Erdogan, Qatar and Libya
i wouldn't say i'm really proud of my country but we really lucked out by having a guy called *mustafa kemal atatürk*...who almost singlehandedly managed to take us out of the middle eastern decayedness.
The Kurds you are talking about are members of the YPG, which are the Syrian wing of the Kurdish PKK
An example of what was done to Kurds in Turkey is what happened in [Diyarbakır prison
Its history is much older than that
[Kinda] ğ makes no sound but it adds lenght to the letter before it
It is the issue
But I hope it will be a women
I gotta say my people don’t get sarcasm which leaves me dry so many times
It's just too cute :)
There are lots of people in Turkey is not ethnically Turk
Not for a day but like a weekend of hiking
I would say in Europe standarts cities with 300k+ populations are considered larger cities
Looks perfect  ️
I am not even talking about rising Syrian problem in Turkey
Man I could never live in Finland
Yes, the woman couldn't go outside, the lovers couldn't travel, because they were in fear of being beated by islamics
He lost half the fucking country
Rize: last to turn Muslim, so Muslim
Meaning would be meat in Turkish tought :)
Well I was surprised when I saw that Xavi and Sergio Ramos didn't speak a word of English, Juan Mata does though.
Argue with Greece about who invented the food, then tell them that their version of it tastes like shit anyway
i honestly don't understand a single word when i interact with laz people (black sea/NE region).
Also, you guys trying to create a democratic islamist utopia by supporting Erdoğan's "democratic agenda" (yeah sounds like a joke I know, just check out the EU progress reports on Turkey before 2012) partially got us in this mess.
People started panicking about it and there are lots of fake news about it
” Cyprus is European by this definiton
If your country had a war with a EU country NATO is obsolete for us and we become enemies.
Turkey was already a very diverse country and it became even more in the past years
Couldn’t have said it better
I worked at a 5-star hotel for nearly 2 years and have close friends who still do
They were their religion brothers, I wonder were they thinking the same thing when they were counting the Ortodox golds
The numbers become 10+ on STEM courses
Everyone around the world really needs to change their lifestyle so the world will have a chance
Maybe you'd like to rephrase your question, edit the post, in a way that isn't ridiculously vague?
Not a lot of people don’t vote
They try to assert their religious culture into your life
With a population of 11m Greece is controlling all Aegean Sea.
I am watching it for the first time
Enough corrupt that government sided TV Channel asked earthquake survivors who have to live in tent, who knows how long, this question repeatedly “Are you happy
[Çorum] because apparently, it is the "[centre of the world]
I still have the same question: what was the motive
If you wanna read about a more interesting period, read [this book] about Ataturk's life.
there are 2 options: meat and chicken (maybe more but i only know these)
From what i've seen some people have a hard time differentiating between Turks supporting the army and Turks supporting Erdoğan which is understandable because Erdoğan makes it seem like he's the one risking his life on the ground
(and some minorities in big cities)
This cloud system I don't know but it's a good thing so we should use it tho, our ex prime minster said
Mostly without a line but i saw lot of people write with line
But nights are the bad one
He fought against all that countries and abolished Sultanate in 1922
Might watch out for territorial dogs
We now know that many leftists are being purged.
"Greek"...
(applause)
I would guess it's because not all migrants are troglodytes?
Oh, I'm blind
Filled with millions of dollars ?
Because it was added to French-Syria after the world war and then given to Turkey again in 1939
It is really popular
I don't know the laws exactly, but I don't think Turkish coast guards would stop yachts or other vessels from going out of Turkey's territorial waters so why bother with the refugees?
bro i remember that it once snowed so much we dug trenches to have a snowball war
Modern cartoons do to this too much, but in 70-90s localizing the characters names were not so rare with the most known example being popeye characters
But unfortunately it's so underrated in Turkey.
Turks were the bad guys of Tolkiens age, so the orcs were probably partially inspired by us.
We could have made this easy for everyone
It is pretty great
I hope those spellings are weird enough for you guys x)
Well, so is 911
TBH us turks shouldn't even mention the word genocide lol
According to most polls I've seen the big majority of Turks are secular but also religious.
I'd even say it's existential for EU
But class hierarchy is often indicated by accents and way people speak
Rum wine best wine other wine fake wine
Nearly everyone speaks İstanbulite Turkish in media
Many a nation founded countries
I don't feel less muslim, I feel happy that I was able to contribute to his holiday happiness.
Anatolia rose and Aegean sank
Most of the coat of arms have a mosque on them
Well, we don't celebrate Christmas anyways
Laïcité is the best
the last one got me especially and the strange thing is that police didn't even care so i really had to let it go, it's so sad but nevertheless switzerland is lovely
Yeah it bugs the hell out of me too
Good for Estonians that they have the most unique language.
Pros:Good meals( kebab️) ,beutifull mediterrian and egean sea,istanbul bosphorus, various  history(byzantium,rome,ottomans,old anatiolian civilations ....)  Cool Flag
But eh
Bosnia and Herzegovina
I don't think this guy is very different, he had thousands of dollars with him when he was captured.
I could give an even more absurd example from Turkey
Also, a lot of food goes to waste because of this system
PKK is a terrorist organization
Man I love Cyprus
Yeah we have a lot of Indian series on certain channels
He has a fake business administration degree
1453 best year of my life
Only the Japanese and koreans get a pass because we like them very much for some reason
and you people contributing this propaganda which means you are helping terrorist who uses suicide bombers to kill civilians including children
This is what the [climate is like near Amasra]#Climate)
We say *pisi pisi* to cats when we call them
" -Süleyman Demirel
But in the run of time, since the 11 century, several conquests, forced emigrations and the settlement of Muslim - Turkish & Kurdish nomads, has changed the demographic distribution
They're fed so they are hardly aggressive
> but do people use it noo lets just take the english word and pronounce it wrong
Zurek (or however it is written)
No it is not
They got their coffee out of this siege.
Well that's nice
Depending on the subject, yeah it is.
they could have used a less controversial name like upper macedonia etc.
Haklısın. Bizim millet akıllanmaz
we hate erdogan but it would be complete nonsense to deny the economic developments.
The reality is that 400k+ austrians with Turkish origin live and work in Austria
Turks don't deny the genocide at an individual level, it's a governmental political position of semantics
Sen niye yüzmüyon lan
The result of the restoration works is breathtaking.
If you live in Netherlands but still support AKP then you're a piece of shit anyway.
I know what satire means but significant number of Kurds actually believe this shit.
Both of them were aware of *nuances* of electoral college, and yet Trump won since he was able to better *game* system than Clinton could.
Not evem the United States of America
You can enjoy a cup of tea any time during the day
15 in a last-ditch effort, Alevi associations, Kurds, secular and other marginalized groups in Turkey initiated a hashtag #OHALdeAleviyiz to show their solidarity with the Alevis against the proposed caliphate.
I am from Black Sea (the place in the picture is also in Black Sea) I don't identify as European, no one I know does, I doubt anyone in Black Sea coast does either.
Legumes, rice and vegetables are eaten much more, so are pastries.
I believe he refers to Mahmud, not "Mehmedites"
Nope, most people around me don't care at all, In fact most Muslims in Turkey are not strict Muslims, they say they are Muslims but don't do many religious stuff
Here's a depressing [photo] of it
i never used a public transport ever since i got my driving license.
>>not knowing some words
Georgia: Cuisine, especially wine
Just habsburg things
I'm not sure whether or not most Turks view Kurds in a bad light.
Eastern(most) region or Western (most) region for entirely different reasons
He says he does, but even the university where he allegedly attended can't find the records or confirm it
that last caliphate guy was actually cool.
I agree we would lose nothing and in fact gain a lot by getting rid of them, but this should happen through a democratic process, not through terrorism.
It wouldn't be a surprise for me to live until 150 at 2121
The moment CHP guys hear their privatizaton policies, the deal would be off.
For example you're a Cypriot, as you may know both Greek and Turkish Cypriots are mostly not actually either Greek ot Turkic in terms of genetics, they bear more similarity to Near Eastern people than they do Southern Europeans or Central Asians
Then why are you suing Kılıçdaroğlu for calling you dictator?
Kazanma ihtimali var hala amk
they are nice and some are very popular around south america asia and africa
If it counts, the stereotype about Jewish people with money has never been my experience at all
Eh, as great was 70s Turkish music was, it wasn't a good time and place to live in
we have Batman
There's even a subreddit for them [/r/TurkishCats/]
I don't know what news outlets say.
I know places like Yakutsk where -40° is common, but those places usually have very local economies and smaller populations, I ask this question specifically for international metropolitan cities where there's a lot of "stuff" and transportation going on
The emblems of many other countries don't have legal status either, e.g.
Even making by good comedy you guys prevent people from laughing by killing the memes.
Definitely sütlaç. It's basically a rice pudding made with milk
Greece and Turkey both sabotage the negotiations which is expected already, but the TC side is actually trying to agree to something.
Calling Gulenists Islamists is fucking laughable and there was really no evidence that they did it
Love both Norway and Sweden from Turkey
I confuse eight and six, because six is “altı” and eight is “sekiz” which sounds like six in my native language
I guess he was upset what he saw
Black Sea region is growing as well
You're the only one talking about any complex here.
It doesn’t.
Depending on your workplace but you can see people with piercings
I mean not as good then in Netherlands, France or UK
It has a really dark story behind it
Revolution History covers only the Atatürk Era (1881-1938), in a detailed way
You are the reason why the people you hate are getting stronger.
We consider such cities the "countryside".
My country was always free
Besides, where were they when they took Cumhuriyet writers?"
Muslims" mentality didn't exist back then.
The additional people need to actually contribute through employment or enterpreneurship
We say "Konuya Fransız kaldım" which means "I didn't understand/know the conversation". Also why everyone hates us lol
Reading about the EU's Turkey policy since the attempted coup is like watching a car crash in slow motion.
This is not the European Union subreddit as far as I'm concerned
The Sepharadic community didn't have any historical ties with the Greek community.
Because Rojova(which is officaly Democratic Federal System of Northern Syria) says "We are Syrian and we will stay as part of Syria"(Also a huge part of their population isn't Kurdish).
He also sends 3-5 ships of food
These songs are what I can think of right now
Do you usually use unsweetened peanut butter?
You suggestion is also good
>the Kurdish who took over a bunch of land
) Since it's Turkish in Arabic alphabet one in five people can understand it I guess
lol we say "kebapçı" and "dönerci".
Ours is much harder, begins with "Bir varmış bir yokmuş. Evvel zaman içinde kalbur zaman içinde, pireler berber iken, develer tellal iken, ben anamın beşiğini tıngır mıngır sallar iken
Such a sad year it’s been
Why dont you post the [las held elections] Even If it was for mucipalities, it showed a thing or two
Because [Turkey the bird] and [Turkey the country] dude you are way too overthinking
Turkey was communist
if you cannot control your spending, yes, i agree.
Turk here, can confirm
For Turkey (imo) some would be:
He can very well threaten the released officers' families and whatnot.
I could only tell by their gestures and clothes
Comments are full Japanese, variables and other stuff are mixed
Sgl
I bet that guy is whiter looking too, no wonder he loves it.
However many top tier android devices are worse than iphones
Enver Pasha was really not a cool dude
This type of studies always ignore turnout.
Probably just me not paying attention to the news and stuff
Share the percentage of market or its technology
So Turkey is Islamic version of Poland
Debt; not dropping b, habits do not die easily.
Does that make me a good person
You can't answer negative questions with yes/no
Let me tell you how i remember which way gauche(left) is in french.
I've heard other Europeans having Ethics or Religious classes but I've never heard anyone mention Philosophy classes
Imagine being assigned to protect some rainbow chalk
There is no death penalty in Turkey.
For example, all the third person pronouns in English (he, she and it) correspond to “o”.
Far right surge in EU, potentially increasing anti-EU rhetoric
There is a guy whose main target is European countries and some people, actually some nationalist people, in these European countries support this dude.
Elements discovered later on tend to fit:
We need to do everything to take those boycotters to the ballot boxes.
This isn't a normal election at all
In my city
Also I dunno where you live but any kind of disturbance on my street is met by the people of my neighborhood immediately
It seems like people here believe Turks are incapable of being victims.
But here's the source of the massacres of Turks in the Balkans:
They are part of their country.
Why should suicide be painful when their life is already painful enough
Turkish language doesn't have gendered pronouns too
In urban areas like Istanbul
I could only tell by their gestures and clothes
"O gitti" means "He/She/It went" . Google Translate haves bad time when it try to translate gender neutral things
Other than it would be Italy for Turkey
But with politics, Turkey is a hell which is stuck between Middle East and Balkans geographically
I use all of them
It is too crazy that two tribes moved to Europe 500 years apart and kept similarities between the languages
We did it Reddit
But scissors
Izmir: known for its secular, modern people with their European, western mindset
Plus, as one of the commenters pointed out, there is no asian identity like there is for European
She got kicked out with the other would-be candidates and their supporters after their emergency (meaning irregular) congress/meeting fell through.
We are only a little bit better than Belarus and our people don't even have balls to protest anything
Unless you are rich enough to maintain your life well, the US is not "The Country of Freedom" but rather "The Country of Utter Doom".
My parents can't do it but I can
To much vodka way to many regrets!
Do you think which way I think?
I am translating it please wait.
The psychology and sociology of criminal behaviour is way more complicated than one's national identity, if not ethnical
like british and american english
Luckily for you they've also been turning a blind eye to what Kurds have been doing
Much
Why is that not a solution
Out of the European languages I think it has to be Chuvash
i know we have pretty similar cuisine but  i was not aware of kokorec is also known in greece until now
İstanbul: Let's take the city of the world's desire, run it somewhat alright for a few centuries, then completely fuck it up with immigration, unplanned growth and chaos after the 60s. 17 million people with some who have never seen the sea even though the city is surrounded by sea on al sides
Though, it was ottoman territory back then, so it doesnt really count
But overall, I'd say Europe is a dog continent, and Asia is a cat continent
The "right wing" here on this sub doesn't really look like regular European right either, it's more like fringe neonazis than traditional conservatives
I fucking love Scotland, man
You'll have to make Sarma with only the wrapping if we take over again.
So Prague is becoming her old self again, a diverse international city.
This is how you cripple your former nation if you're vying for independence
I can understand some words and some sentences but overall it's difficult to understand
Do anyone in Balkans get along?
No offence, but it
And there is a whole backlash from the Islamists, who a few years back started celebrating the birth of Mohammed to compete with Christmas.
Hahaha
He also told his supporters to attack people in markets,clubs and any unexpected location(Not only in Turkey all over the west).
Its normal for people to equalize a government with the people living there when all you get to hear about turkey is erdogan yelling at someone.
Oh saw some from Tajikistan too when I was in Georgia
Otherwise the world is gonna give us some unprecedented changes soon
Basically nobody however Erdogan is trying to bring ottoman Turkish to schools so we'll see what happens in the future
[Gentlemen, it's been a privilege
[Tarkan - Şımarık] (also known as Kiss Kiss but literal translation is Sassy) might be the most popular song internationally
Thats how we do it
thank goodness i found my way though
“Now, I am issuing a clear call to the government.
So, shit that every other country did at one point in history?
European side has so much more to offer than that
The referendum had zero legal power, it was essentially an opinion poll.
I think he wants Russia style dictatorship.
I opened this account 8 years ago
Senin gibi aveller sonra Türkler r/Europe da reddit te nrden linçleniyo diyosunuz sizin gibi saygısız gerizekalılar yüzünden millet bizi yanlış anlıyo ne mal herifsin olm sen
i love both cyprus flag love from turkey <3
French, Persian, Arabic are the most common ones as far as i know
Im pretty sure the last thing the EU wants is another refugee crises right on its borders when shit inevitably hits the fan here.
I like how you can change the sentence order based on your emphasis
I was just shocked that the only entry from Turkey was not from Turkey :-)
Batman was a village and then oil was discovered close to it so a lot of workers moved in and it grew pretty fast
I read it as *Donald Trump: Turks detached from reality.*
I no longer believe who is elected makes any difference.
Turkey gave full equality to the women before many European countries like UK and France
If it was deliberate or just a misguided attempt to communicate and uphold free speech, that's a question for the mods
**called as :** "kuyruklu a" (*a with a tail*)
Kıskanmak = to be jealous
If there is a leakage problem then we can find a solution like creating a huge nuclear waste storing room in a certain unhabited area like in the middle of the sahara desert or something
In Turkey, Izmir or Istanbul
We have war if independence too
Nah that never happens but I do forget some Turkish words from time to time and translate the English word in google translate
Must be written Gökhan
Fuck Erdogan, his ridiculous taxation on alcohol and everything he stands for.
The same principle could be applied to America, Brazil, China or any other large country
Honest question: where would you draw the line between an "armed struggle" against an oppressing nation, and terrorism?
Its really sounding natural when you say it in Turkish though
However I draw the differences here
You should link the other post then.
According to the rumors, which we have no idea if it's true or not, Erdoğan wants people to have a mustache
Because they worship totalitarianism and authoritarianism.
neat, I guess
You do realize the entire europe saw many wars and occupations, right
You can finish it on a long bus ride
Ending the state of emergency, and having mother tongues to be taught in schools is two
Presumably because the people who produce the movies live in these large cities.
Bosnian vs serbs, Croatians vs Serbs, Serbs vs Albanians, Bosnians vs Croatians, etc.
I mean our thing is also short but it is like an half an semester at most
Penalty of living in a beach city
There are even people who are literally ~100% Laz, Bosnian, Kurdish etc in Turkey who identify as Turks due to being born and raised in Turkey, speaking Turkish, having Turkish names and being Turkish citizens
Probably because Dutch football team wears orange uniform so Turkish commentators call them Oranges(Portakal in Turkish).
Jokes aside is this general alive or not
The most notable one for me was the 2015 Ankara bombing
The thing I hate is we are portrayed in movies as if we live in a desert and all the woman living here wear burqa or hijab
It's written so complex that every muslim is confused.
I am not twisting or sugar coating anything.Turkey(inculuding Akp) claims those islands are disputed but Akp isn't doing anything about it.Similar sites just share a piece of someones speech and write an article about it.Domestic propaganda is different than foreing policy (Some sites wrote aritcles about how Turkey declared war against Syria because Erdoğan said "we are in Syria to ovethrow Assad") so saying they want to invade those islands is not true.He is using it as a propaganda tool to harm Erdoğan.
He wrote "don't be idiots, don't go on the streets to defend a dictator" which is pretty sane.
But fairly known
A city isn't just a village with a bigger population in the cultural sense of the world.
Do expats/immigrants have a hard time making things work out for them or integrating to the culture of your country ? How do natives view non-Eu immigrants ?
Meanwhile in Turkey: We are afraid of protesting despite the government f*cking us everyday
The CHP panders to nationalists and is pretty statist when it comes to the economy.
not many people i knew used kreditkort, as well.
Western parts and coasts (except eastern black sea) we use it alot
Says the British guy
This map tells the reader Turkey has a population of like 3 million people
Please do and then send us the bill.
This guy still lives on internet
Çinko(Zn)
Moving out is only socially accepted when you get married or your parents are not old and can take care of themselves both physically and economically
But it's still manageable
There are not enough shelters
Well I'm not actually sure about AK's but rest definitely doesn't.
disregards societal pressures.
We have a plentiful supply of drama and romance movies, with a fair touch of comedy thanks to Cem Yılmaz, and an almost annual production of some Great War/Ataturk/Çanakkale war romance or drama movie
There are dozens of journalists in prison just for talking shit about erdoğan
Hey buddy, there are also some tribute albums to the 70s and 80s Turkish Folk Rock, same songs by different artists
Thank you for your suggestions.
Nuclear has to be a part of the solution in most places.
I am trying to graduate from college then I’ll live somewhere else where I can be free and live a like normal human being without surrended by morons
I was explaining why Turkey was like this even before USSR fell apart.
This means nothing
It was a powerful empire in 15th,16th and 17th centuries,it conquered lots of lands and ruled these lands with justice
EDIT: here's a video for you guys -
Again another map shows how turkey is divided as 50%-50%
But they can't help it when Erdogan fans are humiliating themselves on a daily basis.
I really think İstanbul would be chaotic enough for a gta game
Joyeux Noël et bonne année
I was very young but I did not expect the atheists to be the majority in (western) Europe
Honestly it's hard to imagine a scenario where he wins right now.
[Hıdırellez] the coming of spring on 5-6 May
Even if they don't know shit about the conflict or have any idea about either side.
I wish, i could write some jokes about Erdogan but i don't wanna find myself in prison at 3 in the morning
Everyone knows Great Iskender is genuinely Turkish man with mustache
Not inherently wrong, but its like Ketchup in your cereal.
How many Dutchmen, how many Portugese, how many Italians fought in Korea for their allies?
But he is the symbol of secularism, national independence and progress.
They think "those are the products of their time (600s) and we shouldn't use the historical applications of the religion word by word, we should update them with contemporary life-style and knowledge" (Not update the religion, but update the application.)
It's not like you guys don't have your shitheads.
It was forbidden to wear headscarf or any religious dress while working in government bodies and students with a headscarf were not allowed in universities till 2008
There is a tunnel network under Istanbul that connects the whole city
Thats why they are trying so hard to silence any no campaign and saying stuff like people who vote yes support pkk and the 15 july coup.
Nor do they appreciate dark humour
You really don't need to inspect every poop you take.
It would be nice if there weren’t so much action
i saw it in vikings
Not at all
Not every Muslim is an Islamist.
I mean ethnicity
Wow i didn't know dutches did an arab genocide
Europe is getting exposed to this stupidity very recently.
can you speak it
I am a Turkish muslim, who lives in USA, prays 5 times a day, and yesterday gave a secret santa gift to a Mexican Christian gay friend.
This cloud system I don't know but it's a good thing so we should use it tho, our ex prime minster said
Vaccinates are free so there are few people might exist
~George Orwell
I've seen a couple Lada Nivas in my mother's hometown
What a pity
Do you know that there is no evidence that gravity, evolution or supermassive black holes are real?
Also, what foreign languages are taught in your country's schools?
Also, some Turkish municipalities have been trafficking people to Germany with service passports, truly embarrassing stuff
"Ekmekli Dede" (literally the grandpa with bread)
Ahmet Zogoğlu
Hernan Cortes
I wish we went through the cultural and societal change the Europe did, from rushing to trenches facing machine gun and artillery fire than biting the face of an another young man then slitting his throat with your bayonet because he was born across the river to peace, prosperity, welfare, irreligiousness, hipsters, educated populace in less than four decades(40s to 80s).
Vahdettin was daddy for us lmao
Don't mix IQ with political tact...
France, Danemark and The Netherlands and the UK are four countries with a overhaul small populations
I highly doubt he has any influence on non-Turks in Europe as almost every Arab I've met in Europe hates him
They can spend $2,000 on their dinner, have extra requests from the staff, but will tip like 10 pennies
Happens when Erdogan's buddies own 90% of news media
His image is like "Strong leader who protect turkish state against terrorists and foreign threats ." .
i.redd
Wait you guys have a 'Parallel State' aswell
Same
I'm not very interested in what an east european thinks, so leave me alone.
Do you know what Berkin's mother told about him and DHKPC?
I've been there, that looks like a public picnic table, note the plastic plates and utensils and cups that no establishment would use...
This is the reality, it doesn't matter how snobbish you find it.
Those are the best parts though
Aaand there is a turkish flag in the background
There is also a comment regarding the double standard of not allowing Erdoğan to campaign but allowing this TV channel to air.
Syria: Yes, it is influenced by Iran with tons of Shia militias, and influenced by Russia a lot
Aa Türk müydün hiç dikkat etmemiştim hahaha :))
turkish language wikipedia (vikipedi) is utter shite
" Is this really the way we want our politics work
ananı klavyemin üstünde sikerken paintte yarak resmi cizip kız kardeşine gönderirim
Syria will most likely split in to three.
Le Pen's highest support is in Calais, really makes you think.
But if you ask me, idc them and wanna be partners with Israel again, surely
First of all, I'm not a Cypriot but I'm Turkish therefore I think I'm related to this topic
or Turkia
So many building collapsed and trapped the victims that night
Syria was relatively stable before the civil war.
•İstanbul:Bosphorus,Traffic,New Major,Historical Area, Hagia Sophia,Blue Mosque
Also, commentor is wrong about paronoidsim of junta
Lakerda is more along the lines of smoked salmon imo, but much saltier and without being smoked
I will work on my banter game and be ready next time.
y'all still have conscription over there ?
Love knows no border, neither does Russia
[Evil eye] maybe in majority of houses
Can you list these many genocides?
And yeah that horse statue from "troy" film
Wtf is going on in Europe
Both
Most so-called “Ataturkists” don’t know what he and the nation movement stood for
People say it’s islamist extremists but did they officially say that
- hvad siger du
Minors aged 15, 16 and 17 can only be prosecuted upon a complaint.
Sometimes it almost seems like i'm reading The Onion
I cant even sleep
Also he supports annexation of Crimea
2013 was one of the peaks, when people started resisting his increasing authoritarianism and desire to turn everywhere into a corporate playground
I agree but pretty much every empire is shitty imo.
We don't have any natural resources and we are doing very poorly when it comes to innovation and entrepreneurship.
Its the damn curse of our mankind
But I have decided to do an own map which is a little bit more detailed and better looking
There are a lot of stuff which you can blame ataturk, no worries.
The school is known the be founded by Germans, not funded.
About 30% of the people use 2 or more names
PM Binali is a Marine Engineer
So yeah, it's Azerbaijan
All this is quite easy to find with a simple google search but not doing that and just throwing wbat you think you know without research is easier I guess.
I have never heard even 1 time AKP using Mecidiye march or gondol song or Mahmudiye march what are you trying to say these are songs with no lyrics in them if you want to write an alternative to my songs then do another comment none of these songs are about Islam 2 of them are not even composed by a Muslim
Yes, there are even people named “Roket Atar/Rocket Launcher” and “Bok/Shit”
Most cities in Turkey are basically extended villages/towns.
Taviano IT
Other part is that Istanbul Major(opposite of Erdogan) which biggest city by economics did go in as well but didn’t called in for bid
Try to practice pronounciation with someone speaking the standarized Turkish by the way
"Seyit Onbaşı" lifting an artillery shell
First of all; for people to understand you, you need to form coherent sentences.
So it was *better*, not exactly *good*.
You really should check out ‘Ak Saray’ (White House in Turkish)
*Last night, (I) my friends with very fancy a restaurant to went
A political scientist called his government "A communications government, every action of his is a communications move, targeting his voter base or other governments or investors, doesn't matter
Personally I think, and everyone I know, an iron fist needed for turkey at that time, country was driven to a civil war more than ever
Tzatziki = Cacik
Barış Özcan, kind of a scientific channel, more like giving informations about things that you might never thought of - i watch him time to time
Somebody already did French monarques so Turkey:
You just spoke like Tayyip Erdoğan.
I drink 5-10 glasses of tea in a day
It is sad to see so many people are ready to believe those manipulative numbers in the article without even bothering to see if they have reliable sources or considering how realistic it would be to have 10 work-related deaths per week on average for 10 years between 2010-2020
Not exactly Turkey but according to the wiki  The Ottomans were the first to create military bands
I wouldn’t say there are any woman who dares to do in Public Beaches and some idiot would call the police
Yok, ama goggle'da vardir kesin.
You shouldnt put turkey
Well, it's true that medicine is highly monopolized and tests for drugs that require prolonged use get much more funding than for example preventive medicine.
Unless you are some bumfuck island that nobody gives a shit about, you have to play politics.
No onion menemen is not menemen, just tomato with eggs
It's the Islamist stache
We both know this won't happen.At max they will get attacked in prison but killing someone and claiming it is suicide is not going to happen.
Elon's cult of personality on Reddit grows
We have a city named [Batman] .
Erdogan really appointed himself
Even our ministry of religion send their condolences
Istanbul
English because I like English as a language a lot
Let's wait, what time shows
Russia and Turkey googling each other
What kind of rain could turn boats upside do-
there are two good candidates in mhp to become the leader of the party and they are very popular too but bahceli teamed up with erdogan to support his presidency..
İts probably not from the government
(*bir elma* = **one apple, an apple**)
For Pakistan, Egypt and arabic states: Also Ataturk
Is there a black in top 10 active footballers?
Pls save me sos
Other quality trolling questions: "I bet you can't drink alcohol in Turkey", (if victim is female +not wearing a headscarf) "You must feel so free here in Europe, you have to wear that headscarf thing whenever you are outside in Turkey"
No one denied that article and someone released a paper that came to MIT.
The city could use a lot of investment into utilities
In addition, Turkish has this letter ğ (soft g) which basically makes the previous vowel longer
İt is so cute
Europe should stop acting like they care about the arrested journalists.
England for colonizing
Meeting pleased be
Such an old catedral should have been protected better
I prefer Google maps tho
Gülen is just the different side of the Islamist bullshit coin.
There’s enough of them to make my blood boil
The 1980s were better than 1970s in the sense that there wasn't an undeclared civil war
It's even more shameful we have people denying it
Life as A Migrant in Post-Brexit Britan
There is no offence to someone religion if you like chop some head maybe you can find this racist or something
What is garlic sauce
They're members of AKP's Youth Section, I'm not surprised.
“İnin cinin top oynadığı yer
What's wrong with respecting that
Now he tries to gain support with a war so he can call for a snap election before the opposition unites under a strong opponent
I identify as my town in another city and Balkanite/Mediterranean when talking to foreigners
Yeah great idea, everybody will leave and Turkey will basically be Erdogan's private peninsula.
This way you'll have a country with no real separatist movements, so the state succeeded?
That's a really nice gesture considering the statements of our government officials recently.
Maybe it's the backfired implementation of nationalism in Balkans and Middle East hence causing even more extreme Turkish nationalism?
Orthodox Christmas Eve marked in Istanbul
Greeks are European and Christian, but there you have it, they're bringing their internal bullshit to other countries just like Turks do.
Most of the houses are actually equipped to handle these colds.
If we can count Istanbul, definitely Istanbul
There is a shitton of Gulenists in Turkey though, Erdogan did not actually make that up.
Yes, Russia and China isn't ally but, they are close to eachother and Turkey has strategical location for Russia and China
You can
when someone criticise the current govn't, this joke comes in
You guys have been nice though (emphasis on *have*).
did you even watch the footages from last explosion?
That is why I have clarified that this is a rather small project that is not related to any political parties in Turkey.
And wrote a letter to uk for help how bravely
I was happy to fly it all the way through my visit
The HU is already in the list
All right SÖR.
Well there’s a poem called [why should we kill peasants] though
belki baska bir sehirde daha vardir ya da ankara'da 2 tane olabilir
He ordered a book about Ataturk too.
The mosque is the orange dot in [the pic] It was an Ottoman territory century before Constantinople fell
There are tons of proofs that there weren't any war crimes but
who is the lunatic
i hope he can do good even without the senate
100 TL = low/medium quality earphones
We are so lucky about finishing of Faust just before his death.
Yes, creating a concrete replica of a 15th century mosque implies "we could not develop a new architectural style in the last five centuries and just are nostalgic about it". Sorry I am not really a fan of the Ottoman fetish
New ISIS spokesman urged ISIS supporters to attack Turkish military, economic and media targets, as well as its embassies around the world
Same
Germans are anything but "super nice and super tolerant".
>The Ottoman Mecidiye Marşı
Not really that is just way of not acknowledging that you fucked up.
For a while it was great for empire.More devşirme in importang positions less revolts from Turkmens.
There weren't any monkeys in Istanbul after that
So they will convert over hundreds of years of societal pressure?
Maybe some tomato sauce
Netherlands national football team is usually called "portakallar" (oranges) in Turkish papers.
It's not the pre-war architecture that attracts people to New York either
It's voterbase knows they'll fall under the %10 election threshold so they just vote for HDP or CHP to at least reduce AKP and MHP's percentages.
One Direction and Niall has one TOO many followers.
German REICH Uber Alles vs
Do you pronounce "yarın" as in tomorrow, the same as “yarın” as in indicative form of split
Sure but moderates or even "light muslims" will take offense as well.
to Vittu
More like belarus
I swear in this sub I get the impression that you guys want us in the EU because my god I never seen anyone this obsessed with whether Turkey will enter the EU or not outside of r/europe.
I can imagine myself taking offense if my neighbor sent me a letter
These issues are rarely one sided, and this one is no exception.
which has come out at second year of architecture studies where I was used being told what to do which made my worst semester of my education years and let me realise what I have been doing
Every single post-Ottoman State purified their borders in this same way as Turkey did, during the process of and after gaining independence
Yes, if a lot of Turkish does it it is definitely bad.
a satirist is a lot less dangerous than a journalist that does investigative journalism.
This is obviously outside forces trying to undermine our glorious leader Erdogan, before Erdogan Turkey was just a pile of dust now we are a regional power that is set to become a superpower in 2023 when the treaty of Lausanne expires.
In Turkey, We start with learning the ancient civilizations of Anatolia way before turkish settlement started in Anatolia such as Hittities, Lydians, Lycians etc and later on ancient Greek states in Anatolia.
There are many examples like this
Rest of us are just having a laugh and use it as a sarcastic joke against them :-)
Sorry my English is not good, did you use 'occupy' as a bad meaning
etc
At least my grandparents are among that 6-7%
Because I'm not
Clearly Sweden must have much more rape than all dysfunctional third world countries.
It is not about sentimentality I think.
They don't vote for different parties.
I always cheer for England
Same here in Turkey aswell, although we're biased.
Berlin for understanding what is eu like
Yes, always
Maybe it’s because we don’t hear Brits trying to comment over our internal things and urge us this and that and no sanctions and shit
I started university at age 17
During Indipendence war of Turkey Mustafa Kemal fought against Ottoman empire so it is Kemal's Turkey .Greece tried to advance into Anatolia and failed.After that failed occupation many greeks were killed and left Turkey.
I am hesitant to say something good because we thrive when we are the underdogs but do dogshit when we think we are good
Proper walls to Greece-Turkey border
- İsmet İnönü
all of them
In Turkish :
Oh, this asked recently ?  I didn't know that
So they decided to build a parliament to declare democracy in the country
Yeah, tell that bullshit to stupid drunk British tourists around Europe
tourists rent balloons to get a better vantage point :)
His divan (a collection of poems) has this famous 4 liner, where the first 2 ones are used in everyday life when the context arrives
Can we lewd her like Natalia Poklonskaya
They look nice, Pomaks are supposed to be muslim Bulgarians, yeah
You might think you’re so different than a Dane, or a Pole, or an Italian, but compared to a Japanese, a Maori or a Hmong, it is so painstakingly obvious that we are, in the grand scheme of things, bickering over fairly small differences
It also didn't help that Allies have already made plans of partitioning the Ottoman Empire before the Ottomans even joined the war.
when the winds blow in the opposite direction a feared leader will be abandoned.
Gonna sound cliche but turkey
there are some eastern Anatolian Armenian speaking "pockets"
In other words, Europe is already a tough place to live in and it's not even July yet
\- Sir, we don't have any more land
You forgot most used one which is: "Sikimde değil
he is not sure about the turkish economys future but he will follow erdogan to the end.
* the language
I am not defending that son of a bitch don't you ever dare ever paint me as one of those guys dogs again.
The Country Of White Lilies
He finished second part of it just before his death.
I have plenty idea what's going on in Turkey, actually.
Yes, I [worship(people meaning)] him as well
My mom won't shut up about my birth, nor will my grandma shut up about the birth of my dad and two uncles
There is obviously a difference, especially when it comes to this topic.
And only people who are willing to do the hard work are able to change things for everyone, not only for their unimportant selves
Spain should cede back it's territories off the coast of Morocco and GB should give back Gibraltar.
previous prime ministers or presidents didn't have thick skin.
Just the meals feel like a bit lazy.
I don’t care about you at all = Seni hiç takmıyorum which literally translate to I don’t wear you at all
S P A C E       I    N E E D   S P A C E
Those who dared to criticize him, either lost their jobs or went to jail.
Well, I wouldn't be cheering for populists if I were you.
Iskender kebap, on the other hand, is the best way to eat doner by far
After reforms of Mahmud II Empire started to westernize her music culture and a lot of songs and marches were composed I will do a list of those songs instead of giving one example:[Gondol Şarkısı ] [Mecidiye Marşı ] <—this march was composed by an Italian
00 but students are expected to be there some time before that
I don't know how many Polish people still live there
It has been like this since the day it was established
So konya i guess
Finally
In Turkey 100down 20up is 100₺(10,80€)
So where did those 300k muslims, that fought in the first Balkan war under the Turkish banner and who were willing to murder their neighbours for the Sultan to rule over them, come from?
Turkish Republic is not secular in *at least* in this matter
Greece: Yunanistan (Land of the Greek)
No one care EU in Turkey
definitely, one of the things I hate most about our current government is how much they like to lick ccp's ass
Antalya: beaches, tourists, oranges
5 A sound
If you leave your house in your 18's  you need to work where ever you find if you are not a brilliant person and most probably will need to take credit from a bank because the salary they give you will be 255€ or less, it's in extreme difficulty here
It is based on an 'Executive Survey', a poll among
That they built that one is annoying, but I think the end result is going to be pretty nice to be honest, and that one has a way cooler and somewhat more unique design than the camlica mosque
This is more of a cultural or identity thing
*Gloomy Sunday starts playing in the distance*
Either he was dropped by my father, walked with my mother or school bus
Only "O" it means he-she-it
Poorly localised programs have this problem too
I can do whataboutism too my friend.
Hap = pills
I was incredibly impressed since I was struggling so hard just to learn English
He said "drown in shit Turkey" then after 1 hour Reina attack happened.
Who in Europe gives a damn about democracy in Turkey and Turkish people's wellfare
Hope for the best, expect the worst.
The city is a joke itself though it was literally manufactured not to hurt people’s feeling who are from there
Basically nobody speaks the original dialects of their regions anymore
I have never seen more beautiful women than ukraine women, it should be thanks to handsome men of ukraine
When it is not actually available in Turkey : (
The first thing I always ask myself is "who was asked and when", which is in my opinion at least extremely important.
Insulting the hotel receptionist, tearing the epaulettes of that general, that silly poem book, that child on the podium the other day
That's exactly what happened
So a bunch of improvished brown people from some of the poorest regions, whose numbers are not even 2 million, are gonna end Europe?
I'm sure plenty here remember what happened last time Apple changed their iPhone connector
Not our problem, just Obama being childish imho.
There was a movement but people stopped to care
Or just educate them on the subject calmly?
We call those things köfte, specifically inegöl köfte.
I wish we had somewhere to go to buy alcahol.
We don't use "the".
The Armenian population shifted to the south and westwards
Depending on your workplace but you can see people with piercings
Most people identify as Muslims but at most 50%-60% of them practise Islam beyond believing in a God and referring to it as Allah
The announcement of the military coup on state television
Meanwhile, Erdoğan berates an entire 50% of people
I use all of them
Copy other people's answer, change it a bit and comment, wait for karma.
Well that could be true I'm not exactly an olive expert
Happy birthday Polan
u forgot Bogazici University
Even though he is a dictator and I fcking hate him, Not even a monkey would do that
Ottoman empire is really god example when it comes to how religion is used as cover up
even in a recent interview pkk restated they didnt have anything do with the two police officers and if it was a kurd it wasn't one from their org.
Ağız ve kulak
How about Germany
And im sure we can find other was like dumping them to space ect later on
And now theres 128 billion dollar problem
The children mostly don’t have two names even in that case though they choose the one legally but use both names
They’re fine
That's a nice tv
I’m really into Slavic folk music just because of them
ananla karşılıklı sikişirken ay çekirdeği cıtlatırım kabuklarını babanın suratına fırlatırımevde göbeğini yere deydirerek sınav cekince kendini atletik sanan abini götünden sikeyim
EUIV
Wow, this is great information
For example, I teach English
According to that link every single atheists on Turkey should be in jail, lol.
You were living in the right timeline
which turks abroad are seeking independence?
Genocide denying is illegal in France bro.
They don't see it as a problem.
80 million people btw ( not including syrians, they are like 2-3 million)
And there we have a few more single vowel words
Guess YOU are not literate
thats interesting i live in turkey and i live in bosnian town
What is your favorite place in Rome
I mean I'm not a nationalist, I think it sucks, but I understand nationalist people, but pro-Russia Europeans, for fuck's sake it's beyond stupidity.
I'm on my way to see toxic comments
We say March makes you peek out the door, but then you have to burn your shovel and pickaxe.
Oh then it is accurate
Do the mosques (or churches), or in general the architecture and cities of Europe and the Mediterranean basin (i.e. Arab countries) seem exotic and alien to you
Better ask the North Europeans, they all went there
This is basically this operation is all about
Gulenist military officers were flagged years before the military coup.
Food
Muotio FI
Muslims give more shit to you than anyone because they see you as a traitor of some sort, anti-muslim reactionaries hate you on principle and even regular people get nervous around you after they learn where you're from.
\- Fatih Sultan Mehmet (Mehmed II)
That's what it looked like, but didn't want to jump to that conclusion.
You shouldnt put turkey
I would do it just because it looks cool
As for the cost, nuclear powerplants are expensive to build but really cheap to run
Kemalism is smoothened
in their mind it was jihad, so legitimate by Islam
But they have another name
Somethings never change
Even after the parliament building being reconstructed 2 more times, Ankara is still the capital of Republic of Turkey
My friends that live in the Asian side (our school is on the European side) have to wake up at like 5
Again, not exactly the same because those are mostly whole buildings and not smaller artifacts, but if both sides are willing there are always possible mutually beneficial solutions to be found
In city centre, most of the people uses Istanbul Dialect so this is why it is hard to see now
The whole system needs a revamping
He clearly wants a bit off time from football.
When I say them “Why are you living abroad if he is so good” or asked to “Come back,look our economy is rock-solid” they tend to say “I got my work going here” But we,who can’t move to europe, are stuck sith this idiotic bastards who can’t seem to understand the situation we are in
There are observers from the opposition parties during the voting and counting process through out every ballot box around the country.
Woah, didn't knwo I'd have to educate a turk on his own fucking language today.
Portakal in turkish
"E yani" would translate to English imperfectly as "well more or less
Like we're fighting against Russia in 3 wars and if they attack Ukraine it will be 4
I don’t which side what defence is doing but they wanted to father into mental hospital due to his daughter’s death
>226 voted no
Oh comment section looks like a mess to me
I understood it as with every US president election they select Britain's next overlord.
I had a very positive opinion of Estonia
Forza horizon 4
I would love to apply to universities there just to be able to live among people who can stand up for themselves if I knew French
How do you dress to go outside, to work etc
100₺ = A shirt from a mid-tier brand
Also its expensive as hell
If it wasn't English, it would have been French or German or some other high-prestige language
If it is salty, it means she doesn’t want to marry to you
I'm not sure what their motivation is, but you can't go of your way to murder civilians and cops because you want an own state of an already existing country
Just doesn’t want to let those terror organisations to grow on our border
Cyprus is in europe
It looks like it's 55-53----45-47 in favor of NO, but who knows what tayyip is planning.
[Sufi Dreams]
At the end, you will have to recognise Northern Side to sign the reunion deal
Feels weird knowing that Turkey is known more than Russia and Netherlands
just tell me, *HOW DO I ACTIVATE MY GENITALS*
Firstly, kebab is not one specific food and rather a wide term used for many dishes
They are the ones who started that shit in the first place...
That world give legitimacy to an illegitimate referendum.
Covid-20 will be fun
Koç University
This is just an obvious generic PKK rally hidden in guise of being against Erdogan's authoritarianism...
If it's three more: Italian, Arabic, Indian
There's something universal about beer labels I guess.
or "It was much worse back in the day, they fixed it and made roads
or Turkia
" I believe its origin is Arabic
When they learn about it i'll be fucking dead
"Aslan" means "lion" in Turkish
Also for centuries many names were used for the city and most of them are badass and there's nothing wrong with using any of them for me.
In fact, today's CHP, whose current leadership was installed through a sex tape by foreign factions, is probably the closest the party ever will be to pro-West, and it's relieving to see that even they have the spine to stand up to foreign oppression every now and then.
Good idea
Because we are not living in a movie, yes we do
There is the french graph with WWII contribution perceptions throughout the years.
This holds true in some regions of Turkey
Thats is how the taxi driver goes to retirement
Jesus, some people take everything face value
In can also be translated as cruel, unfair, heartless etc.
>I believe these known less than Abdulhamit
I couldn't imagine asking anyone to speak "normal" Turkish, at most I might ask them to speak more slowly if they have a thick accent
What gave you the idea that caliphate would be a state?
Being impolite or asocial seems like a norm here.
İzmir Marşı, it's a song about the Turks entering İzmir (Which was invaded by Greeks) during The Turkish War of Independence
Easy
Pretend to like food even if you don't.
[It's not very successful as you can see.] The big spike last week is when he got on TV and started talking.
The griefers were T_D afaik
He means we are not originally from middle east
Macedonia
May your country live eternally, slava Ukraine
By design the difference in electoral college cannot be less than 6, if it is not tied, so the opposition candidate had no chance of winning the presidency/vice presidency
I, once, read on the news about some songs in Greece to provoke Turkey
I think this is a semantics issue.
Its not just erdoğan
Kicking Hungary out of EU isn't going to kick Orban out of Hungary
Thank you for the suggestion:)
I guess Mediterranean countries always warm and cheerful when compared the Northern Europeans
Imagine voting against unification which 65% of Turkish Cypriots said “Yes” in 2004 and telling my why unification seems impossible
You realize he is a soccer player right.
In my opinion, the non-believer percentage may be something between 5-10%.
Eastern and Central Anatolian accents sound rude and uneducated
"-Fatih Sultan Mehmet, at somr point probably
It's very clear this claim isn't true but people are still discussing like it really happened, pretty stupid
That means that Kurds will be taught Kurdish in public schools, along with many other minorities
The Greek coastguard can and does patrol, but once they are in Greek waters there is nothing they can do.
[We are used to working together]
There are places with no tap water running.
i honestly haven't seen anyone claiming eu membership would be bad for turkey.
Like, Gökhan(khan of the sky) Atahan(Forefather khan) and stuff like that
Turkish Consulate in France attacked with molotov cocktail
Underestimating them and giving them space and letting them evolve freely in our steppes was a big mistake
The end result is a mix
Every other developed nation had colonies to solve their overpopulation problem after the industrial population boom.
Apparently Romania did that late for some reason.
I can't remember names of the places clearly but ,I looked at Google Maps, one of the place was Vokarias, other one was Kamari.
g r e e c e
economy was really shit for a decade before erdogan (main cause of the votes).
If making the original building 1500 years ago gives you a right over it, Muslims have a far better case since if it weren't for Mimar Sinan it would've been destroyed by it's own faulty architecture by now.
1147 = bin yüz kırk yedi
Just here to give my two cents
Whether it be games or books or movies
It's a great city to visit, but a terrible city to live in.
Otherwise, this whole system won’t do any good on its own
Liechtenstein: Why the fuck did you give women the vote so late
Turkish, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, German, French
Yav vay ar vi spiiking ingilish rayt nav arint yu Törkish sipik di lenguaç if yu ken sipik it rayt its so stupyd vay du vi hev tu du dis ay downt andirstand yani yav
Letting refugees go to Europe is alot different than opening whole borders and sending everyone they have.Also many intellectual Turks can just go to ambassies and get a visa.
He will never follow through
It really is great
In my opinion Bulgaria won't risk a conflict with a major trade partner
Where is the kebab
It's the actual battle royale that you're fighting against all of balkan states and your own goverment as well
It's easier to discover and ecperience a small city in a limited time
But every media outlet in Turkey supports a dictator.
>Erdogan: Because these are desert regions
There's a huge ferris wheel and some cool statue where two people go through each other
r/photoTurkey
**1900s:** Kostantiniyye-İstanbul
For example we talk about Sumer and Hittites longer than Rome
Pfff
Not really no goverment was installed by Turkish goverment on cpyrus they elect and govern themselves in fact many policies of the current goverment of Northern Cyprus fully clash with ours.
Exactly the same situation in Turkey, probably for similar reasons.
The other side is pro British, we think that British are one of the only allies in Europe, at least a neutral ally, not hostile ally like Greece etc
So a foreigner is most probably a westerner
3rd world war Germany invades the US to stop fascism ruling the world.
However, when its comes to for Swedish person
Near Salt Lake
Turkey's economy is not bad at all
“Termos” flask
Kind of like how Italian Americans speak English rather than Italian.
Worse, "animal rights activists" get up and raise hell whenever someone suggests fixing the problem
But it is bacalar and translates to chimneys.
Hazır ve ya değil, işte geliyorum
>incredible lists
Yes
Nope
Dont mess with politics if you can't handle half of the population hating you
Do we live in different planets or what ?
Around that time, reformation in the Turkish language was nothing new, as there had been strong advocates for a purified Turkish since the late imperial era
I work in London and when I'm in the office I hear it all the time from so called "Westernised Asians" they refuse to refer to themselves as English or British, they are always Pakistani.
In my family they are conservatives and more pro-state.
I believe he refers to Mahmud, not "Mehmedites"
As I said we are already profiting in our drone project which had total investment of only 200 million dollars and we sold only 6 of the damn things already in the green
Ah yes, the well known thoughtcrime of threatening people on social media.
Saying, I will vote for "no" is completely fine.
However, her mum is a complete foreigner
Greece and Turkey, made a big smile on my face :)
We never liked you, we never wanted to be allies, and we surely never trusted you, you hypocrite fuckers.
