* *"list"* (letter)
There's nothing wrong with Ukraine either.
Russian soldiers attack Crimea and Donbas.
I doubt that some of those that voted "No" would mind Norway entering the European Union, yet some can write off Ukraine from ever entering.
I'm against stopping sanctions, but there's little discussion that the problems in North Africa have been more impactful for the EU as a whole than Russia taking Crimea and Donbass from Ukraine...
Welcome to the club
She actually quite a good singer.
It was a bit rainy on Tenerife but it was far far better than the weather we have in Europa right now.
Anyway, in this show he was so humble and democratic he was using a bike to get to work instead of the usual luxurious cars politicians use
As well as the cop's cheeky "welcome to Ukraine" quip
Russian biomentric passports (at least ones I had in my hands) do not include actual biometrics data.
If you are into beaches - I had good recommendations about Chornomorsk, but honestly, other countries definetly have better beaches
Belarus might be in Russia's sphere of influence, but it is definitely not Russia's puppet.
They can try to kill the hedgehog with the naked ass
You can blame EU as much as you want, but Ukraine isn't part of EU or NATO
Or did I miss something and russian side already fullilled it in a first place?
Iceland, especially the Cod Wars
That would make Russia openly deploy their troops in East Ukraine to "peacekeep" the population from "NATO agression".
>circle is ,,kruh"
A pretty large market which the usual export countries could quickly gain a strong position in.
Ukraine doesn't change that, not for Russia, not for the EU.
But the soldiers and logistical personnel in Syria and Ukraine, those aren't all special forces are they?
While it's Russia who turned it into place even poorer that Ukarine and Moldova - two poorest countries in Europe.
General public tends to turn more towards Russia because of USA foreign policies.
The case with the other 2 guys are a bit more complicated,they kinda helped with creating some Russian propaganda channels but it's kinda muddy since it was during the initial months of war when everything was fuzzy and some people didn't understand what's going on i.e they maybe were unaware what the channels they were setting up would be used for
I am not sure that any hard evidence support your stance on it, and frankly, I don't think so.
hmmm yes just like the rebels in Eastern Ukraine right now are acting entirely of their own accord.
25 years ago there were no such people at all, and now we already have one generation that have been living their life in independent Ukraine only.
Also, the famous [Molotov's speech] from 22
I think Mossack Fonseca and their ilk, are probably doing very good business in Ukraine.
Germany slams Russia over Ukraine rebel passports
I get why they're angry but what's the point of fighting your own choice
We also gave them [a truck full of beer] You know, because they surely don't have enough of that in Germany :D
But yes, in Odessa too
By the way it's "Ukraine" the "the" isn't necessary.
[I am Ukraïnian]
We have our milk even cheaper btw, at around 15-30 hryvnia/litre that amounts to around 0
NATO applications are impossible with an active ongoing conflict.
Not take offensive actions while claiming to be following Minsk.
Putin refused to go further, but he didn't decide that just out of blue but as a consequence of something.
I call a spade a spade and your hurt feeling are not something I give a rats ass about
Vodka, hardbass, cyka blyat
Ok this is just trolling,Ukraine got gifted Crimea by the SU and no country including Russia did ever challenge it on the UN or any court because guess what it was completely legal
I think the idea is that she pushed the Ukraine into war, but then didn't back them up.
_Offer we at freedom's call—_
"Third birhday" -now
economical prosperity is impossible during wartime.
Everything is tolerable in the great game of geopolitics.
Some people from Galicia and Zakarpattia speak super fast and have a thick Western accent, I actually sometimes think they're speaking Polish and not Ukrainian
As you already know there has been no vote.
yes
Damn, i thought [our] prime-minister were youngest , he is 35 at the moment
Yeah, that annoyed me a bit in Netherlands.
He made a Nazi salute whilst under the influence of alcohol
Can be stored in winter
All of the Ukrainians speak only in russian
We have both refugees fleeing from european countries (Ukraine) and refugees from countries affected by civil war or terrorism (Syria, Iraq etc.)
And they are using them for things like finding grenade launchers and weapon stashes and beating out the money from walnut exporters (it's our local thing) all over the country, almost every day.
Vienna - Відень (Viden')
You are one of the few that say so around here.
Not only I but also other people have noticed that emotional stuff is less gushy in English
It's a little sad to see this kind of anti-Americanism - especially from Europe given that European democracy survived the latter half of the 20th century _only_ because of America.
Donbas blockade aimed at pushing uncontrolled territories from Ukraine to Russia
We can't really afford to wait and do nothing just because of major stuff is going on.
There are many nationalistic organizations currently functioning in Russia.
Ukraine Sanctions Russian State-Owned Banks
yeah, I should have said between the people and our oligarchs
Normally it's 'свиня' but with dialect it's 'пацє' and that's so funny to me
The only thing which was shocking to me is that among the homeless people there were many people who did not look like typical bums
If event not classifies then we need a better term and use it.
Ukraine on the brink of a nuclear disaster
Ukraine/Belarus alone will not be able to sustain such numbers, so we will likely see more Asian immigrants (including the brown skinned ones) roaming our still homogenous streets soon.
It's from the US Holocaust Museum.
Mainly due to the fact that they also suffered from Russian agression
I guess you don't want to talk about.
It was not _just_ the non-aggression pact
The space wasted by suburban parking lots alone in the upper midwest is enough to grow food to feed 10 million people.
They're working so furiously to undermine them because they are hurting Russia's interests badly.
I bet a bunch of them would be derevied from German word for march whatever it may be.
Foreigner + illegal crossing into occupied Ukrainian territories = travel ban.
Keep it up, one day I hope we would visit each other as EU countries
Poland and Russia, Belarus to a smaller extent.
These are the most famous Ukrainian video games
fuck everyone knows
Crimea, while in Ukraine, was fully autonomous, with a right to hold Crimea-only referendum.
> I'd heard it before but didn't really know what it meant
I disagree it's migration fatigue.
In Soviet times the most commons anti-cockroach thing was DIY mix of egg yolk and boric acid
It's not russophobic for us to be upset about the people your government has killed and oppressed
Well, by that impeccable logic, Putin was in Yeltsin's team, Yeltsin was in Gorbachev's team (if not for long), and Gorbachev was in Andropov's team (his protege, really), so let's discount the fact that every single one of those transitions were huge shifts in direction
Parts of Georgia have been occupied since 2008 or so.
One of the uglies known buildings.
Get into a fight over the food with Russia claiming that it didnt take anything
And national myths are a source of national strength
Cossacks
Check out Metro 2033, Metro: Last Light and Metro:Exodus
How do you possibly not catch such a stupid mistake and continue to repeat it
[Source \(in French\)]
The issue isn't cultural exchange, it's when the most powerful group takes specific elements of an oppressed culture and assimilates it without any understanding.
Don't expect that you can just do whatever you want hiding behind non-combatants.
But don't let them discourage you
Now that Russia knows the only repercussions are a few stern words from world leaders, it will continue nibbling away at the rest of Ukraine, maybe even test the waters in the Baltics.
Without Ukraine this Union have no point anyway.
Ukraine nationalises country's largest bank
Perhaps a game which tells the story of the Isdal Woman, a 1970 Cold War murder mystery in Norway which was never resolved
There are nazis in the majority of countries of the world
But Nick Witney of the European Council on Foreign Relations suggests Merkel and her French counterpart Francois Hollandemay be too distracted by election campaigns and domestic challenges to put the necessary time into Ukraine.
by selling out the baltic states and Ukraine for better ties with Russia,an idea which Trump seems to support
The Role of Sergey Dubinsky in the Downing of MH17 - bellingcat
In discussions  they refer as "we" to all the deeds of russian "regime". Russians did not get a fraction of what they really deserve yet
Poland and Baltic states should in 2017 open wide the borders with Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine (eastern external EU borders).
That has many coincidences (our government btw), but we are a very nice nation, so if someone helps you, you’ll get all the help you needed
They can learn it
It's really not difficult to get enough facts to objectively disprove the just-started-secondary-school mentality of "oh the west is so evil if only China/Russia/whoever were in charge it'd all be better", you just need to actually do the research.
Ah who cares about light in solar panels?
People in the middle of the country mostly speak "surzhik", which is a mix of the two
Ukraine’s Got Less Than a Month to Clean Up Highest Court
I mean we have to give him a chance now, there is no other way arround it.
So no, not "most of Ukraine" either.
BTW, Olha's son was named Sviatoslav, and her grandson was Volodymyr the Great who adopted Christianity
On the other hand, Ukraine, especially with western help, probably could win, but a lot more civillians would die than already have.
Thankfully Romania seems to be doing very well with using the access for economic development.
Where we're going, we don't need infrastructure
Good luck to you, Estonians
* *1941-1945 will not forget, will not forgive*
Hear me out, I think Lukasheko while being considered a dictator is playing the game safely and is kind of successful at appeasing Moscow while trying to reach out to the rest of the world.
As eatern European capable of understanding russian,i am really shocked by all chauvanism, nationalism and hatred in Russian TV and social media.
English is easy to learn because it's literally everywhere
Also lots of country's best restaurants
If Russian war criminals won't face justice, at the very least Russians won't be able to deny that they don't protect war criminals.
Oh no, no, no, no, NOOOOOOOOO
* Cultural Rennaisance during 1920's in the Ukrainian Soviet Republic
but Salvini, I hate him more than pineapple pizza
/u/simonbleu pay close attention to how you're feeling, I would restrict the uninterrupted period of being in the hot room itself to not more than 4-6 minutes depending on heart health and body fat (less body fat, less time)
Also, non-native speakers use fewer idiomatic phrases like, I don't know
NATO didn't take in Ukraine without conditions, so I doubt it would suddenly take in Belarus.
And i guess situation in Ukraine showed us again -as they did in Middle East- the insincerity of EU and USA.
From his point of view it is the US constantly working on encroaching Russia's sphere of influence in the former Soviet Union by fomenting color revolutions etc.
And probably some selfish Hetmans
I really don't care what Russia does with Ukraine , and I wouldn't care even if they invaded the Baltic states.
I fully agree with Fillon here, it's high time for some pragmatism.
Yes, since Olha and Oleh were names of Kyivan rulers of Varangian (northern incomers from the Baltic area) descent, those names feel very local, so it took me a minute to realize they're not, too
Of course you have to draw a line when it comes to reversing historical decisions, but in this case there were no deportations, no ethnic cleansing, no resettlements, basically the local government, with the backing of the Crimean people, chose to change its affiliation.
The Cadets Of Guard School is a great song from the Russian empire (vyatka super for any TNO players)
You don't want more empathy — it's a powerful feeling that affects rational decisions and is easily manipulated by propaganda.
With Sprite you just add sugar.
Ukraine: Five police killed in friendly-fire shoot-out
Most people know Ukrainian and Russian, plus one foreign language.
So again, step out of your safe space for once
> Ukraine doesn't really have any land in Russia which is majority Ukrainian, unlike the other way around
Also our government tries to copy estonian digitalization because its the best
You are also doing your part, judging by your comments bashing Ukraine in another thread posted earlier today.
Actually window-cleaner was popular in ex-USSR countries(dont know exactly regarding Ukraine), but in Russia 99% of it is made from isopropanol(AFAIK ethanol was banned to use in early 200x).
And there is always an option NOT to go along with something you disagree with.
The law was signed back in July.
Neither EU nor Ukraine will be able to handle that.
There would be no need for peace negotiations if Russia didn't infringe on Ukraine's sovereignty.
For example, there's a Russian volleyball player that live here whose name is Вячеслав Алексеевич Зайцев but in Italy they write Vjačeslav Alekseevič Zajcev.
russia originates from Ukraine
Delivery
There's more like some other country's military than movement
And bad period doesn't mean we don't romanticize the struggle during the given period
This is a very humorous political news channel and they have adequate english subtitles
Eastern front is the main topic of course, down to operations, big battles and all of that
One day you're *u\/tasty_dino_meat* on Reddit, and a couple of centuries later you have a proud dynasty of Tastydinomeats next to surnames like Smith and Ericsson (in our case, Ivanchenko and Kovalchuk)
Uhh, we have a saying for that, "While the fat one is thinning out, the thin one will die of hunger". If it comes down to being killed off by politics and demographics we'll leave Germany so far behind
Quality of roads, mostly
Yeah, it couldn't be any Russian subversive elements in western Ukraine.
they can't actually invade another country (Ukraine)?
I think the same situation is in Russia.
Im not saying they will, but in case of emergency, it would make a good base.
The countries that are intermediating the negotiations (Russia, France, USA).
I think after so long you just get used to it and in time forget what the initial reason for the war was
Although, many kids were attending folk dance classes and bandura/accordion classes
Yeah, title is just misleading.
That's the most successful part of their propaganda effort - muddy the waters, convince ordinary people of this false equivalence between Russian imperialism and America's imperfect, sometimes criminal, but nevertheless a lot more restrained foreign policy
Go off the path as far as you're comfortable and make sure to face away from the group of people that you're with
But the EU is a group of countries not a group of states.
There are also other flavors like pear, lime, cherry, orange, but apple is the most popular
Someone wins elections, the next year he is the enemy of the people
Yeah but until 1918/1945 they were German :( Let's make a deal, you give that back and you can take all of Ukraine and Russia?
I have a friend who lives in Germany for like 7 years and every 6 months he comes back to Ukraine and right after we leave the airport and he sees the sad faces, the shit roads, the overwhelming ads, the gray scenery he remembers why he left in the first place.
Russia, properly ruled, with people properly educated would be Norway on steroids.
This is incredibly insensitive and minkist language
I am really impressed with Putin.
>English is very well known for its wealth of synonyms expressing certain nuances and collocations
The airport in Lviv, Ukraine, this morning.
Blaming the victim is a tried-and-true KGB trick used by Russia till our days to justify attacking Russia's neighbors
You seem to forget her position back in July 2014.
Poultry is pretty big in my part of the country as higher summer temps mean that other meat types are too prone to spoilage, so 90% of the time meat = poultry
There was not immediate threat to lose the port in Crimea.
Belarus is forced to abandon its wavering ally and joins the EU.
First of all, Lukashenka ain't giving power up peacefully
Russian Empire settled it with whoever was willing to move.
It did, but at that point no one in Russia gave a shit about saving one чурки (Dagetani) from another чурки (Chechens).
Calling me a "bigot" while simultaneously spewing some of the most primitive eastern European style cultural and ethnic hatred I've ever seen is not some clever projection, it's just sad.
The PM back then later admitted that he was afraid of a protest similar to Ukraine's maidan.
Besides that, recently it was found that IKEA uses illegal wood from the Carpathian mountains
Actually I even never tried it and I know many Ukrainians who don't drink alcohol at all
Primary education is not available here
I doubt you will still say this once Putin starts to annex the Ukraine next.
But modern poisons, which destroy their reproduction cycle or taint one insect and kill the whole nest had really change the game
Looks like a city of Krivi Rih.
USA, Dominican Republic, Iceland, Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, Poland, Romania, Greece, Turkey, India, Nepal, Iran, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Morocco, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam and back to the USA.
The 2 times it got betrayed and thus got divided by Poland and Russia
Personally I would agree that the benefit is too elusive for most people to oppose the status quo.
) finally pay off
I spent a week reporting from in Avdiivka, Eastern Ukraine
I hope we will give competition to your team, because we don't have any chance against Netherlands
By the way, unlike Central Europe, V-4 is a term which is used in real life and has its point
And I guess it's also the Ukrainians that keep hacking their own power stations all over Ukraine and shutting them down
I would argue that the US is still a reliable ally unless we start to see concrete policy changes.
He is punishing Ukraine and Georgia for not being loyal vassals.
From Poland you need to pass either Ukraine or Belarus to get to Russia proper.
I know sounds gross or weird but it's good though
Disconnected due to debt payments program?
Do you really believe that countries are "founded"?
Denmark, or other, lesser Nordics.
What's the most well known videogame from your country
But now, at this moment, due to COVID - it’s nearly impossible even for fellow Ukrainian to visit Donetsk
They don't work neither serve in the army or even study
I will not be heading to Russia if I need a visa.
And to put a cherry on the top of this cake of grammatical madness, the words in our language can shift their meaning within sentences due to additional context, forcing you to switch the way you conjugate them and the words around them
"лайно" is almost never used in this context
There are a lot of striking similarities.
I mean, you or the other car - whichever is closer to an intersection/etc
Ever heard of sub- and supersets?
They should all know that they can be banned at any time without notice and proceed with their lives accordingly.
In Ukraine we "engage in sex"
Edit: it seems, it's being unrelated to the dual form
Such a deal would have benefited the Ukrainian people immensely from being the crossroads of East-West trade.
Not everyone there is of Khazar descent, in fact a minority probably is.
We know all about your "famine", Ukraine, because something very similar happened in Ireland.
This isn't submarine launched system, and we don't have territories in the middle of ocean.
I dont think eastern Ukraine will be annexed.
Between Odesa and Lviv you should stop at Kamyanets-Podilsky, Kohtyn Fortress, and Chernivitsi.
Ukraine and Georgia are not part of NATO and EU.
All european countries can do : Nothing.
He quickly built some boats of timber,
>I know, that all of you like to dream about the space, and a little bit of envious of us, especially the boys
Can we just go ahead and not assist xenophobes and far-right populists in their attempts to rebrand themselves as cool and hip?
He very careful with NATO , he does not approach it directly and he's careful to keep the ability to deny any political subterfuge or influence he has.
Now I understand you, anyway in EU German overall economy is the most competitive because it's the most effective.
I love every filling, but sweetened quark/cottage cheese is on top, along with potato+onions
It was resettled with Russians back in the late 40s/early 50s after Tatar mass deportation.
Oh...i stopped reading after the first 10 words...the conspiracy theory that "we will be like Ukraine" if it wasn't for the eu.
You should keep doing even if there are no other people supporting you
Needless to say crowd decided they should be punished for that on eye for an eye basis.
Happy cake day
Well it's their choice.On the other side if the rest of Ukraine want to stay independant, or join EU they must be allowed too without Russia messing with them.
PS: technically we can count also time when we were part of Grand Duchy of Lithuania (Вели́ке кня́зівство Лито́вське, Руське, Жемайтське та інших земель) and later part of Polish Lithuanian Union (Rzeczpospolita)
That's Belarus
Basically owning most of Bulgarian politicians.
I lived in Romania, Poland and Slovakia for several years so I had lots of time to get to know this part of the world.
You should read it before commenting.
* Decentralization of goverment  - more money now stay in regions
So what else do you have, troll
I can however comment on his essay "Why the Ukraine Crisis Is the West’s Fault".
Because the association agreement with Ukraine by no means meant it would not deal with corruption in Ukraine.
Yeah so we have here a very precise missile that can take down a plane 12 000 meters in the air(!), so high a SU fighter can't fly that high, let's just accidentally shoot some stuff
If Britain decides to leave, it will fo sure not strenghten EU position, and weak EU means more opportunities for Russia to destabilize not just EE countries, but basically all EU countries with their propaganda and with financing anti-EU parties.
(The number for Ukraine is almost $1.5k, $1k is just a rounding.)
I don't remember Romania being against Ukraine being closer to the EU or even joining.
I could tell you to come and melt under 45 degrees in a summer in southern Italy :)
If they keep falling behind, Lukashenko has less and less basis to praise his "balanced" position.
After similar conditions were met by Baltic states USSR still invaded them.
you can try to get others on your level
Would Ukraine even want it back is the true question.
Just small political opportunists.
What a nice picture of Medieval Holland
I guess modular technology is what Russia wanted to obtain in first place.
> The first three parts of the poem were published in 1798 in St
There's no systemic inequality.
That isn't true for Balkans(excluding Greece) and Eastern Europe though due to the main problems still being a thing
Thats slightly tongue in cheek :)) I think the longer your in the EU the longer you'll be less "Russian" and more Euro.
> I doubt anyone actually knows about the specific dialects we speak, like how different Bärndütsch and Baslerditsch sound
Because back then, for every such false flag incident there were many more perpetrated by actual neo-nazis and other right-wing idiots.
That's because it's gay for man to take care of his look.
I mean, according to them, should Ukraine be barred from ever entering the EU?
>Slavic people
Will US pull back troops stationed in EU to improve relations with Russia?
In case you were wondering, Ukraine was looking to make a new deal with Europe and shift westwards.
Also thanks based EU for trying to do at least something to combat this problem ;_;7
[YUKO - Водубьору]
I expect Crimea will return to the Ukraine when one of Russia's usual collapses occurs.
When we say FB or so must allow us to delete our account & all our data this makes it harder for the NSA or your government to come ask & request it.
(plus 180 hd tv channels but i dont use it)
That's fucked up, honestly
Looks like they started the Khrushchev Thaw right away
Russia does everything to keep Russian industry alive to provide jobs to million of Russians.
It is hard to have any hard evidence on the subject after two world wars, a couple of revolutions and repressions.
That's the same as what happened in Germany between the years 1955 and 1980 ([sorry, analysis in Polish only] Our GDP per capita in PPS grew from 33% in 1991 of the EU average to 69 in 2016 ([here's Eurostat's data for 2004-2016] The [Eurostat report regarding minimal wages in the EU] from a couple days ago was also rather revealing in that regard.
These states, while not being formal members of the CIS, were allowed to participate in CIS
As a matter of fact it was the Italians during the 15 century.
Benvenuto a Serenissimo Regno di Corsica!
Where can I find reliable updates on the Ukrainian conflict in East Ukraine and Crimea?
Surgery lamp, multi-stage rockets and vacuum welding
it was only a month or so ago that the corruption of the Ukraine politicians became worldwide news, when they were forced to declare their holdings, was it not, that got buried almost immediately.
Here’s a cover for it in [Turkish] and [Ukrainian]
Public transportation in Ukraine is shit
Cafes, food, and drinks are nice, especially for tourists, because everything's cheap
That's not even really xeno
>circle is ,,kruh"
Contrary to the donbass where Russia's maximum possible war effort far outclass Ukraine (and thus no point in increasing the effort for Ukraine, Russia will just mirror it), here NATO is the one outclassing Russia.
"Intelligentsia" hates him, but they're minority, most people like how he's ruling
We are a small country with egalitarian society, we have low inequality just like Scandinavia.
Putin's an asshole, though
Other woman on that case was to spend three months in jail after year of detention in her luxurious house.
Can Ukraine be Ant-Man
Georgia, Syria, and Ukraine, they're correct.
That makes me happy and sad at the same time when I remember how many people love to hate on Ukraine here.
Russia would never invade Norway, there's no incentive nor would they realistically be able to.
More soldiers killed in fightings in Eastern Ukraine
Matter of fact is that these soviet camps aren't considered fancy-shmancy and you don't need to pack your inferiority complex going there
Since you have relatives there, ask them if they think that silent or no silent majority was against separating from Ukraine and joining Russia?
Russia is probably just as corrupt if not worse, yet the map says 40 for Russia and 80 for Ukraine.
I've decided to include the drawings from Dagestan and Scotland as well, so they are marked with gray borders within their countries
Well from their tries to become independent from 1990s till now You can guess that their wishes were to be seperate from Ukraine for sure.
*a small voice in the back of my head*: ^don't ^^screw ^^^it ^^^^up, ^^^^^Ukraine
They've got a fuckton of recruits, but after you've trained those you basically only get to use them for three months before you have to send them home, by law.
thinks the center of Europe is in western Ukraine thus Ukraine is Central Europe.
I'm planning on going to Ukraine next May, so...
That, or we'll see a new large influx of Russian soldiers on vacations coming in soon.
Let me provide translation of some interesting pieces
The demographics are 58% Ethnic Russian, 11% Crimea Tartar and only 17% Ukrainian, and there were rumblings before hand about autonomy, as well as the fact that Ukraines territorial sovereignty over it was only established in 1954 and doesn't have a historical basis before then.
When the USSR occupied/captured/aquirred/conquered the Baltic countries, Petsamo, Salla, Karelia, the Polish parts of Belarus and Ukraine, Bessarabia and Bucovina, and the Carpathian Ruthenia, noone really disputed it, so the persons in those countries became a part of the USSR and thus a part of Stalins people.
I posted this above but I wanted you to read it as well.
As I said, it's somehow in their culture
Sorry thought it was a sarcastic "more info" :( my bad
Ask Ukraine why a foreign army is escalating the war they started inside Ukraine?
Hoping for Ukraine something like 2030.
I'm not european
They do have military base already on territory
Ukraine is not fascist, and it is not ruled by fascists.
Because everytime, I must go through huge paper routine.
&#x200B;
Cossacks
If he were referring to financial aid given to Ukraine, then he would have an argument.
[Wikipedia] uses it as a source, might as well use that then.
Trust me, we are not prepared
In my family it’s more like special occasion dish, but it’s sold in pretty much every supermarket
I do get where that fear comes from, but the Russians offensive capabilities are overestimated in most parts of the baltics.
*"It's plural in Ukrainian too"*, I thought to myself, *"so why don't we
There was an EU association agreement but that seems half-hearted if you're expecting an invasion.
Most of his descendants moved east later where they created the Andronovo culture
She is also openly anti-EU and wants France to exit EU, so how can you be a traitor to something that you openly disagree with?
> In a half a generation we will have a brand new diagram, and we will laugh at this one like we laugh about people fearing the illuminati now
Appears cozy and spaceship-like [in fog]
They eat together with adults snd then go play wherever until it's time to have a cup of tea with a piece of pie or cake
Probably still has if you eliminate warzone and nearby areas.
Cossacks are indeed much popular cultural image of "ukrainian" man.
In Europe it's Italy, because I love their food, history, landscapes
How did you differentiate them from a Spanish or Portuguese person
I think we can understand Russian belligerence when we see that NATO and the EU have violated promises to not expand into the Russian sphere.
If Ukraine had waged war against their neighbors and wouldn't stop committing atrocities, it might have been a different matter.
) finally pay off
Russia would not allow peacekeeping mission in Ukraine as it has major vote in UN
I am not justifying him, just wanted to make a point that northern Bukovina had Ukrainian majority and Southern had Romanian
The research during a 3-12 December 2016 period was held by Kyiv International Institute of Sociology as ordered by NGO Detector Media with financial support from the Embassy of Sweden to Ukraine.
Although in fairness, most people in most countries are instinctively on board with any cause that boils down to them paying less and getting more
No free healthcare
The ethnic border was deeper into what is now Russia.
"Turkey bad give reddit gold"
Eurasian Union deal granted full access to the common market, while EU did not offer full access.
Well, there is more jokes about Belarus in Ukraine rather than in United Kingdom
I am not a patriot of ukraine and despise any kind of nationalism.
Yeah, they might overtaken the US in this sense.
The majority of Russians support Putin, and both the LPDR and the Communist party (the two other most popular parties in Russia) do not view Ukraine as a "legitimate state".
I think it will change next elections.
My favourite is probably плачу (plachu) - "I'm paying" and "I'm crying"
* [Semerenko] - they might look like Granny Smith, but they're much harder and much sourer, not very juicy
Fuck this piece of shit and I hope his death was slow and agonizing
There is already a lot of dissatisfaction with Erdogan, but Turkey is already a member and a very important one because it has one of the biggest armies.
Oh, there’s no doubt that day we’ll see
But the gory stolowe sound great because its only 26 miles which is a pretty doable multi day camping trip.
How they vote for real that their business.
I am talking about if there was a conflict in Mexico and a competitor to the US meddled in it, the US would not be happy, whether they were involved or not.
1941
Jokes aside, there are so many varieties and that's great
Well Romania is lucky it isn't Ukraine.
Average salary in France is like 2500 euros will average salary in belarus is what 400 euros?
You know what else is guaranteed by law?
You know this in approximately the same way you know what the North Korean or Cuban people want, right?
EU is fragile right now, with the refugee crisis, the Greek crisis and the war in Ukraine taking a heavy toll.
Removing the defense budget from the Maastricht criteria.
Where in Romania exactly
At least 5 varieties of apples altogether, but usually more
Yes, please remember that [Ukraine is in a creeping offensive] against the separatist territories in blatant violation of the cease fire.
back in 1994 I put Alexi Lalas World Cup sticker in my former Soviet Union internal passport and got away with it for good half a year until it peeled off
Poland is central Europe, apart from the Baltics and Estonia Belarus and Ukraine are Eastern Europe.
Just imagine that people call you nazi for you using Polish in some Polish city, that was
Same in Ukraine
I made a list some time ago, but I don't think I can find it now
Bellingcat's dilligent digging showed that a Buk TELAR vehicle belonging to the Russian army was moved to and from eastern Ukraine right around the MH-17 incident.
It's Crimea, that much is settled.
Isn't Ukraine already poorer than Moldova?
what Ukraine needs is a powerful Poland and Romania and full back up from Eu as a whole, but they also need to try to change some structural internal problems like corruption and organized crime....
The consequence was that the unconstitutional coup in West Ukraine which went against Ukraine's interests (having to sign a worse deal for EU help) angered the populations of East Ukraine.
It was an issue when they invaded Ukraine because they feared losing the port there.
They still have better condition and lower price than in Ukraine
This is what happens when you don't have at least two wars and three epidemics and/or famines every century for two thousand years
Hi, me to call John, pleasantly to get to know self
You can't blame for example, Katalonia, Basks, Andalusia, and whoever for getting their independence if you support separatists in other countries
>I'm not denying Russia does some shady shit, I'm just saying they aren't that much worse than our "allies" to the west
Where is the story of people who live in Donetsk, Debaltseve, Lujansk?
It's about protecting NATO members, not Ukraine itself.
I don't see the bear as saving Ukraine, more like not letting uncle Sam do additional damage.
the standards must be really low
Well, yes, but proud nonetheless.
The eastern expanding have brought reassurance, stability and market integration which enable growth to many Central and East European countries and furthermore setup institutions for European cooperation.
There are things which you can't buy for money,like policemen and government which you can trust.
The argument is not whether or not Crimea will ever be reunited with Ukraine but whether or not it *should* be.
^Zagraj ^o ^ponad ^500000 ^nagrod
This is great, the more contacts created in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine the better.
But having a different religion definitely intensifies the conflict to a degree.
Rusyn means Son of Rus ( Kyivan Rus, Ruthenia )
Have spoken to many a folk in the states that say they're partly English in descent.
And all this for one man, built on the money of Ukrainian taxpayers
Ok, you decided not to create your own literary standard
Those murders happen even in Moscow(Kharkov separatistenfuhrer Zhilin).
But we're not sure that was the real reason.
In that text the UK, USA and Russian Federation appeared to guarantee Ukraine's territorial integrity.
If that happens there will be no democracy or free elections anywhere in Russias sphere of influence, look at their ally like Belarus or former ally Ukraine how they got treated.
-7C and high humidity = unpleasant; the cold is crawling under your clothes
More than 1,000 Russian athletes benefited from state-sponsored doping – McLaren Report
So 'tho' is probably what you meant.
Україна вітає з Днем Незалежності!!!
Russia: Everyone knows current relationships between us and we see them as the real threat
It's about keeping Ukraine unstable and weak.
Name is the only thing that changed.
Western main media rarely writes anything that can be seen as pro-russian.
It had been a sort of stalemate since 15-16, due to some agreements we stopped active warfare (they still bomb our positions with mortars though)
It's sad that I have some of these memorized.
Chornobyl  and [Sknyliv air show disaster]
What are the supposed pluses of Article 13
Probably because it wasn't a genocide.
Not presidency, he wants contol of the Parliament.
It's been 2 years, and many Ukrainians still can't believe we've elected a pantless muppet to be the president
It's a NATO member too, but considering Orban is pro-russian and he acts like a small dictator, I am curious what the population feels.
And without Belarus, you three are indefensible.
Invaders speak their language whereas Kiev doesn't and seeks to limit it's use.
There is much goodwill from the west if you just will get better governance.
", yup
Either aah, or сука, or fuck, or maybe ааа факинг сука, who knows
Now it’s using the UK picture, the same situation with Northern Ireland
Here it is called as "Olivje" or just as "Meat salad".
Yeah, or even from River Sian to Caucasus Mountains
After all, most of eastern Europe *is* in the EU, only Ukraine and Belarus are not.
Now most of them have returned back home
Well, for some purist such a mix may look weird
Game developer Grygorovych, creator of STALKER and Cossacks, refuses to attend Russian IT forum: "I'm a citizen of Ukraine, and we're at war with Russia.
He won by landslide everywhere except Lviv lol
Better and faster option - youtube channel or blogging.
I wish what you said was true, but among Social Democrats and Conservatives the consensus among pretty much all European nations is pro-Turkey.
If there's even such subject, it's extracurricular and voluntary
I'd have zero problems with Crimea seceding from Ukraine if there had been a democratic and legal referendum
I love how there is basically an immigration chain going from Russia to Germany.
I, however, never met an actual antisemitic person.
> The American in this case is not confirmed to be a Nazi
> without any democratic consent from the Crimean people
The city has very few of the original buildings arround.
As of now, the choice is usually between the Russian dub and the Ukrainian dub, which one comes sooner and has more appeal
Breaking Bad: How Russian State Patriotism Destroyed the Far Right | The Kremlin's intervention in the Ukraine conflict has fragmented Russian nationalist groups
Find it pretty dumb
Russia has been fucking Ukraine for years.
Also we have always been at a crossroads between the East and West.
I've already been to Budapest, but I missed out on a few things because of places being closed for Christmas, so don't worry about the short number of days.
Don't even want to understand it to not interfere with the charm
It does not magically eliminate corruption, but it's a brick in the wall which one day will bear visible results.
In the 90's folk music was a couple greybeards and auntie types singing cringy old stuff on public access TV
Ukrainian history as a whole
Russia is already financing the neo-nazis and radical nationalists.
The case against Ukraine's Fiscal Service chief might break the corrupt political system
I had a microwave in my room and, occasionally, when I would heat up some food there, a cockroach would somehow crawl into the microwave, while it's working, and explode
Thanks we should be okey now with Russia's support, Government forces have little to no chance of breaking us.
[I don't know] Those poop brow walls with no sepperstion between is very bland and boring.
PM me if you have specific questions!
Note all the slaughter going on in Ukraine since early 2014, outside of the "ATO" area.
The Ukraine referendum show how open to abuse they are when it comes to misinformation and people voting for something else than what the actual question is about.
[Hmmm
Ukraine is probably concerned about Russia amassing troops because it invaded and annexed a large portion of Ukraine recently and there is another conflict caused by a Russian invasion as we speak.
Ukrainians themselves are the one ones ultimately suffering from that.
And above that you anger Russia.
If you move artillery to the border and then use that artillery to attack Ukraine that is not "covertly aiding separatists".
I can go along with this to some degree.
But here's a link to "deusvult.com"
Either way, Russia gets disqualified after winning
It's hard to beat Ukraine's 96.8% loss in market capitalization - better luck next year.
counterproductive
If a dog bites a man, it should be punished.
They fought for freedom by killing defenceless civilians.
Navalny was accessory for making the elections more legitimate
How the fuck is that an accident
It should be fresh, though, it spoils in less than a month.
"If you can't beat it than adopt it" situation
how about publicly condemning actions of "rebels"?
With no guarantees that their choice will be with the rest of the country.
some shops sell deepfried sea fish skin as a snack
For one thing, people don't see what is said in Russian state-TV (and virtually all Russian TV is to some extent controlled by the state).
Russia is a third world nation with a bloated military, while China has the potential to be the most powerful nation in the world if they play their cards right.
This is a sketch of one of the proposals for greater CoA.
If it is near the Binnenhof (and it seems it is), then I saw such a performance with my own eyes
Obama has literally nurtured himself to be in government from since junior high.
You do realise that Ukraine, Russia and Turkey are not in EU?
Don't you know that when people talk about "strong justice", it means "strong justice for *others*"?
So it doesn't matter how good singer she is at all.
Our folk culture says that we come from [Sarmatians] nation that used to live somewhere in north Romania/Ukraine.
All it takes is one infected moron without a mask to walk into the elevator and everyone who goes inside after him is fucked
**Gregory Skovoroda** (philosopher)
That I mix American and British English
That is not factually correct,the gender gap in Russia is one of the highest in the post soviet world.The baltic states,Belarus,Kazahkstan and Ukraine are all more equal.
I just see no reason to branch this out
Ubisoft Kyiv helps with development of Ubi games
Easter Europe geographically and culturally is Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia.
Thats a lot of countries, when will you visit Finland, Ukraine, Balkan countries, Portugal and Slovakia?
1 bank as the former Soviet republic concludes a cleanup of ailing lenders and seeks to snuff out threats to economic recovery - The government will take 100 percent of PJSK Privatbank
There's more like some other country's military than movement
I learned about him from [NYT podcast "Alone at Sea"]
"Eastern Europe" starts at the borders of Belarus and Ukraine
Putin wants there to be a territorial dispute over Crimea.
[This] is the original Russian invasion claim
My opinion is only radical due to your straw man .
If we don't understand why this happened and either find a compromise or confront the root cause, it won't be prevented when it happens again.
You call them, specify the size of your load, book a vehicle, specify if you need people to help move the object, and that's it
Well, you can go in jail in russia for not endrosing it.
Because neither Ukraine nor the West would ever allowed that
fish and chips FTW
Not all people like these (I mean, sad stories about poor villagers and serfdom)
Which just so happened to be shipped from USA and Canada every once in a while.
Minsk group calls for ceasefire observation in Ukraine
And national myths are a source of national strength
Don't trust everything on internet?
[description in Ukrainian]
I've been following this war on twitter and there's been a recent uptick in Ukrainian troop casualties and worryingly 18(?) troops cut off from their battalion in rebel/Russian-held Ukraine.
Russia invading Ukraine undermines the interests of every single European and NATO country by undermining NATO's global authority.
In Ukrainian, "окружність/o**kruzh**nist" (circumference) is the length of a "*коло/kolo*" (circle) when it's a drawn figure
Петропавлівська Борщагівка.
Eastern Ukraine, Scotland, Brexit, Catalonia, etc?
In the more general sense yes, there is a migration from Ukraine (although it hasn't actually rised that much since the beginning of the conflict, "only" twice maybe), but not many seek an *asylum* in Poland, among other things because it is just hard to get.
Whenever someone make a transaction it's only because they gain something from that transaction.
Good, clean beaches and nobody's there, since it's quite close to the war zone (yet completely safe)
One of the travel bloggers from Ukraine forgot his camera on your loop road somewhere in the wild and returned after he drove a couple of hours
Well, I wouldn't go to eastern Ukraine as a tourist.
First is russian puppet state with russian
And I guess that the Potocki dynasty is maybe even better known in Ukraine than Wiśniowiecki
Thought I'd read about several hundred thousand already living in Poland.
Its armenian church, not catholic and not orthodox,
“[Get out of here, robber] “
being T-64 or older models that are just no longer adequate.
Maybe not a military intervention like Georgia or Ukraine, but make the government pro-russian.
It's priceless to see reaction of putinist government officials to ban of Dozhd in Ukraine after they forced it to close in Russia.
No, I expressly said the Russians weren't in all that good a shape, but they also get the advantage of picking the time and place.
This is an english speaking forum, just call it Ukraine.
Double names are extremely rare.
And a century later drowning the lands of Novgorod and Pskov democracies in blood and murdering the bishop of Pskov (by the hand of Tsar himself)
I agree, we should cooperate with Russia in removing Russian forces from Ukraine.
They're about the same price here btw
Those are still far ahead of Ukraine which is literally Africa-tier by many criteria, especially corruption.
For a looong time, despite having their own national history, Poland was part of Russia.
It's the old Palace from 1843.
Never got why Surzhyk is that unique to deserve discrimination from other Ukrainian dialects.
Nah, Putin has said multiple times he thinks the collapse of the USSR was a disaster, He won't give any territory back.
**Ivan Franko** (poet)
It's a hopeless stalemate, the inhabitants obviously want to stay/defect to Russia, there is a huge Russian majority after all, and yet neither the EU nor the Ukraine can or will give in.
In the parliamentary elections of 2019 all a candidate had to do was to take a "servant" template in the [TM green colour] and place their face on it, and he or she was elected
I don't know whether people of Ukraine understand this (from my occasional reading of r/Ukraina it doesn't look so), but pretty much everywhere in charge in EU understands this.
They live off the trash, I guess
But it's simply stupid of any country then to take in any Russian immigrants.
Being neighbor with it (Russian Empire and then in its USSR incarnation), Bulgaria, Greece, Serbia can afford liking Russia because they don't have a border, just ask Poland and Ukraine how they like it...
Dutch government prepares to ratify EU-Ukraine deal
Isn't this count as child porn?
They started roughly equal to Poland WRT GDP in the 1990s and look at the difference now.
Technically correct, the best kind of correct
I guess
In my childhood we had this variation with a well instead of a rock
Everything's so fucked up especially this country.
Probably Ukraine's politicians should think more not about the return of some territories but about saving what they still control.
Still visible from any high point, though
First of all, half time is a time for a pee anyway, whether watching in stadium or on TV.
No articles in both of my native languages
New Ukraine, the country of liberty and Great European Civilization!
Electional system is outdated and unfair
Returning Crimea is probably out of the question but making peace with Ukraine in Donetsk is a good first step to fixing relations with the eu
Didn't get it
Don't forget the people that are like, "with me, he's different, we have that special bond" or "they were just asking for it, really".
peninsular Spain and Ukraine are about equal in population as well,Spain is currently at 44million(3.4 million in insular spain and the enclaves) while Ukraine including Crimea and Sevastopol is at 45 million
The cheese can be american yellow cheddar for extra triggering.
Source:
What everyone agrees on is that kids aren’t able to go to school
Whoever even proposes such a thing would be committing a political suicide in Russia, it would be seen as submitting to the will of "evil eurogay and NATO empires" to most russians.
During the protests in Kiev they should have added their voice to the protests and demanded a referendum.
damn that looks so neat
Forget the myths, see the real Ukraine this May
They were all very open and liberal people
It is against Dublin, yes, but Dublin was seen as invalid by the European Court of Human Rights when it was about sending people back to camps, for example in greece, which violate the human right of the refugees.
For non russian speakers "Steal every nail from a job, you're master not a guest"
Though we can manage without them
Edit:grammar
Just seeing how you guys beat the shit out of literally everybody in your region back in the day makes me doubtful
In fact they were probably the least "pro-Ukrainian" of all Western medias.
Sidestepping the EU problem by distracting from the real issues is more of it.
Not so far ago EU and USA fuelled a coup in Ukraine
Since the referendum we never had any interaction of significance with the country.
Shitty public transport (except subway)
> I can’t believe how detached Lukashenko is form the public
Does this mean Russia will end its imperialistic tendencies towards
In April, Ukraine also banned any Russian films, TV dramas and documentaries made since 1 January 2014.
And easy access to Middle Asian drugs, which bolster the suicide rates.
Adama means earth/ground
This very article has a statesperson saying that "there would be no point in the association agreement" if Ukraine didn't join the EU in the forseeable future.
Some other people replied with higher prices so I pointed that out, that's all
So in the place of Ukrainians I would be quiet about Europeness of Albanians.
"* part
Yes, in several types of situations:
That's the widest stop line I have ever seen
I was 15 when ended school and 16 when joined university because I had a birthday after I signed documents with my uni
Germany and Britain
Where are you guys even taking those numbers?
No, i am not a native English speaker, so i shouldn't have perfect English pronunciation without an accent
The construction of sentences, the pronunciation, alphabet and grammar are kinda far away from each other
I am from all over, but currently I'd say <500 miles from your location.
Because I am sure that it will require tying political ties for it and I am not happy about that.
Ukraine is as dangerous to French people as North Korea.
Don't forget Irans old president was a bit worse than Rouhani and I think relations with Iran are stabilising now.
people stealing from state-owned plants
While in the deposits, excess gas is burned away with huge flares
So let the Eastern Ukraine be independent to grant peace in the region
The homeland of the Khazars was mainly the Russian Steppe south of Ukraine.
* with [quark] (sweet or salted) and sour cream;
Shut the fuck up with your dumb shit.
I hate everyone complaining about lack of snow each winter.
Germany even voted Russia back into PACE after they got kicked out form it for downing a plane (**4** germans also were on board)
There is some good, well tested medicine for that.
Мабуть там буде \[ ..тавєрн тру...\] , все ж таки.
Ukraine Airlines fly from stockholm.
What, we should have continued to trade with Russia like nothing has happened?
That consideration should ultimately tell us what Russia is hoping to achieve in Ukraine today.
Why did they pick the person who did?
When the prices flip, it can turn to the EU again.
So they account for I think about 70% of windows in old commieblocks and 100% in any new construction
Ha, you must not have heard of the [dancing house] in Prague then.
[Traditional bandura]
If that is the case then there was nothing they could do.
Our neighbour country Ukraine was invaded and they're still fighting a war.
From selling oil and not paying any dividents to it's population, of cource.
Ukraine and Slovenia have **gorgeous** ones to me.
But where I live(Kharkiv) we have SOOO many good places that sell coffee,mixes and blasers so understandably there probably a lot better ones
I bet the guy in CIA who watches Arabic news going crazy because everyone is reporting that Isa bin Miryam became Shahanshah of Lechistan.
I even got my change with candies, lol...
France doesn't have electoral college.
Way better than having -15 or even -25 in Kyiv
Well, Albania's much more Europe than many European countries like Germany, France or the UK.
That Russian opposition can't care about Ukraine?
Hej, that's better than to have polonium all over the Kiev!
Are we said that Russia have a super democratic system?
Why
The situation in Ukraine just made Swedes realize that conventional warfare is still a possibility
How exactly did Ukraine steal Crimea?
A few reasons that contributed to this problem:
I mean, he stole tens of billions of dollars from Ukraine, that's not just crime, that's an outstanding level of theft
Russia just messes with smaller, unaligned states such as Georgia and Ukraine, because apparently no one gives a shit about those.
The lack of perspective I suppose, as I implied.
And you finally got Poltava, after all /s
You can buy three days worth of food for 10 euro worth of money here, lol
They've been in it for 8 or so years
meals, cabs, public transport, alcohol, etc.
Their entire raison d'etre was to get into power and stay there, Soviet style
Does that mean war is impossible?
roads
From what the UK brings to the table, the access to the single market it can expect is less than that of Turkey and Ukraine, but more than North Korea.
You don't seem to understand the story you read.
Moscow is most anxious about the Baltic states being some kind of staging area for advanced defense systems.
Its Ukraine right now which attacks and push this conflict.
Also the Bosphorus which can cut of their Black Sea fleet of 45 ships and 6 submarines.
Russia trusts us to pay for the oil and gas we receive.
Can't you support any freedom or independence?
Yes, that why i say -  mostly
Those are the usual windows and balcony doors here
Not when there are neighbouring countries like Russia and Ukraine, North and South Korea, Russia and Georgia, Serbia and Kosovo, and so on, and so on.
"Schedule" - I heard at least a few versions of pronouncing and I don`t know which is right, like it's [sheh jool] or [skeh jool]
They report on Ukraine and its government in the same way that Western media does on Syria and Russia, and that tilts people.
**Yaroslav the Wise** (ruler of Kyivan Rus 1019–1054)
Ukraine and the West would never agree on such referendum, exactly because they know very well that the result will not be good for them.
It will be hard to prove this as intent, coz main marketing channel wich was used was "word of mouth".
The main meal like breakfast, lunch, or dinner is usually discussed so everyone knows which ingredients are for the cooking and what is being planned, so they don't just snack but adjust to the eating habits of the house (i.e., don't take what they like from the fridge)
Apparently IIRC some stolen art from a Dutch museum turned up in Ukraine too this year, but that's completely unrelated.
He is also supportive of Ukraine and he knows whats up.
A guy with studs/tunnels in ears is seen as some alternative type that doesn't spend his time in a usual workspace
Anyway, as an adult, I really enjoy how many Ukrainian electronic folk bands there are
If you only kill farmers by millions, for example, then it wouldn't be genocide, because some fucktard on reddit says that farmers are not a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group?
Seriously dude, I get that in Russia you are completely inundated by propaganda, but you should do your own reading about it
You used to be a part of them aswell so they probably wouldn't mind having you back, all territory is good territory according to Russia.
Prices without taxes included
Poor people only do the bare minimum: fix wallpapers that peel off, fight fungus, paint over yellow stains, and place buckets if there's a leak
Well, historically - probably Catherine the Great, also Stalin or anyone connected to communism, although he’s adored by boomers
Would Russia have started a war in Ukraine if it was part of EU or even NATO?
Putin's Russia offers enough stuff to pick and choose for all extreme likings.
The list keeps growing lmao
Government closed metro, so people started using buses and trams, so they are overcrowded
Simply put, this makes Russians a negative externality to any country.
I'm glad that we don't have Lwów anymore and the reasons are rational, it's better for me if Poland stays away from that mess.
I find it interesting that we and Ukraine got the same name for the month, while Croats and Belarussians call it something else completely.
[Here] I wrote a little about it
You don't get points for trying and failing a lot of times
Also there is a site called "Scottish English language corpus" with subtitled recordings of people speaking that helped me immensely to learn listening comprehension
[...]
Corruption in Ukraine is almost on the same level as in Russia.
Out of the three neighbor nations (RU, BY, UA) Belarus is surprisingly the most Europe-feeling-like
We have our milk even cheaper btw, at around 15-30 hryvnia/litre that amounts to around 0
Should Ukraine be allowed to join the EU?
It's sad but all too often hostages become victims when terrorists get eliminated
By that logic, shall we call parts of Syria as 51 state or a Turkish Province or French canton or UK shire.
The Ukraine president wants to start accession talks roughly 5-10 years from now (of course it is still a long way to membership, but...).
But today wheat fields still have wild red poppies in them, as well as daisies and cornflowers
Snagging Ukraine from Russia's sphere of influence and having a buffer zone.
When I don't handle the phone, I put my hands into the pockets, and that's it
No one expect Ukraine to have a nice parliament, or anything for that matter, so it ok comparatively.
Serhiy Zhadan  - Voroshilovgrad
It was considered boring and outdated by many when I was a kid
So 17...18, if you count the Vatican, and 20 (take away UK, add England, Wales, Scotland) if you count the constituent countries of the UK (though I don't think that's fare)
Peeking from behind the corner [like a psycho]
Because iPhones are overpriced
These things bring tourists from all over Europe and Americas
Hah, I sometimes say, in the context of current immigration crisis, that we don't know what kind of terrorism we will get in 20 years and that letting in a million of Ukrainians might eventually create Ukrainian terrorism in Poland, if the stars are right and we are unlucky.
As I said earlier today in another thread: The Cold War is the Iron Curtain, Cuban Missile Crisis, Arms race, the Korean War, the Vietnam War.
Moot, neither Russia or Ukraine have ratified the ICC treaty (and Russia just completely abandoned it).
So what
They are Putin's way to add nostalgic babushka's vote to his pocket and preted that parliament is not a single-party.
Will be, trust me
It's a very interesting contrast in this subreddit.
I visited Ukraine in September and went to Chernobyl.
I think you overestimate the level of Mesolithic technology
Hmm, might as well travel to Ukraine for my fall break.
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
secondly, the last country that invaded Afghanistan was the US.
It depends on the weather before this particular moment I decide what to wear
Holodomor was not planned in a traditional meaning of that word.
Best wishes from Ukraine
There's a fuckton of Serbs in most ex-Yugoslavian countries, a fuckton of Russians in post-soviet states and Russia isn't content with it's place in the world
Though, we mash them before eating.
I'd like to exchange my Lada for a Ford Granada
When considering Russia’s response to Nato activities, especially near its western frontier, it is necessary to remember that in June 1941, a powerfully armed Germany attacked a weakly armed Soviet Union.
No because Belgium and Switzerland are rich countries and Ukraine is poor
I agree with most of what you said, however I think it's unfair to put all of Eastern Europe in one basket and call it extremely poor.
Don't blame me, I've been crying for a week).
when we where moving in on Georgia and Ukraine
You don't have any fat to keep you warm"*.
Just not for Ukrainians
In my lovely livejournal you can't discuss anything without putinbots popping up, just randomly pushing unrelated links to propaganda materials.
people leaving to the eu
Getting closer with the EU rather than Russia is more beneficial to Ukraine in every possible aspect.
Russian
Lenin, Stalin,Mao and many others called themselves communists(of course what they did differs from "a textbook definition",but the same goes for many things in our history (medieval feodals sure protected their subjects and always ruled with justice))
* Grand Dutchy of Lithuania, Żemaitia and Ruthenia
Everything above is subjective and only applicable to ethnic majorities of the aforementioned countries
Do you expect Russia to give up its influence in Ukraine that easily?
French Election Hints at a European Shift Toward Russia: For the people of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia, these trend lines are quite tragic
The map is obviously exaggerating things.
Also, one can have russian ъыэ with Alt
No, it's called *efficiency*
I was really surprised to find google have been pretty thorough with my city in Ukraine, i mean they even have my home and i can see my windows on the 8th floor, the fact they drove here to the small yard with  dead end confuses me, like why, they need to make like 3 turns from the main street to get here, i was probably just chilling home and totally missed a visit from google car, fascinating and kinda creepy too
Although in spring, when it's usually +13-15 C and sometimes +18, you stick to padded vests or light jackets and sheepishly take them off if you go on a picnic
I mean it's not like the pool is any warm until you start swimming.
The above is for the near neighbors, Ukrainians, Baltics, Poland etc
At least for me, the room is anything that is not toilet/bath/kitchen/balcony/corridor
No brother countries here
Speaking Russian doesn't mean anything.
Our go-to stupid death cause for citizens is usually drowning while swimming drunk in Dnipro
It’s usually gone in a day, and everything stops until it melts - I was once stranded in a neighboring city for 2 days as I didn’t listen to the storm warning and decided to drive nevertheless
I know that this is an extremely unlikely scenario but I think it makes sense: Russia would get a so crucial stable military base + a very important city for Russia from a historical perspective; it's a thousand times more convenient for Ukraine to take care of Crimea than it is for Russia, since the peninsula is directly contacted to the mainland, it was one of the main reasons why Crimea was given to Ukraine in the first place in 1954.
As for that example of yours, no you don't see that being used for anything else outhere, but I'm sure there is a reason for it.
For some reason, it gained quite a bit of poplarity recently, and it's really not worth it
EU leaders to endorse Dutch demands on Ukraine: sources
Wasn't Chechnya supresing a rebelion inside it's own territory, something Ukraine is trying to do in Donetsk?
That's why UK has never been that aggressive towards Russia after Crimea and Eastern Ukraine.
Unless I was stupid enough to mention something, no one even brought up politics, and the few times it became a topic, no one thought worse of me for picking a different point of view.
And if the plan is to make a destabilized war-region similar to Eastern Ukraine, what is the purpose of it?
Oh, all of them were very interesting
I always thought that Poland and Ukraine (in particular, Western Ukraine) had common history, the same as you with the Poles.
I am waiting for any evidences for Ukraine bombing the crash shite.
We usually do not exchange gifts on Christmas, as it is more religious and family holiday.
I understand that this isn't subreddit about data representation, but nevertheless, why is colormap so perceptually non-uniform
Quite a lot in Western and Central parts, much less in the East and South.
Dont worry, if Ukraine falls, you will have your chance to prove yourself against the Russian demons :)
I wonder if Russia would have gone up a lot due to Ukraine or recently U.S.
If someone had to flee from their home in the Ukraine and now can not build themselves a home in the rest of the country I'd totally understand if they wanted to come to Europe.
Regardless of this, Russia *is* a terrorist state which murders its opponents in the West, never mind Ukraine (where, among others, it murdered almost 300 Dutch, Malaysian and other civilians)
We've been counting this word/concept as a slur for a while since every country that had claimed to be Ukraine's brother ended up being Russia
Guess that has nothing to do with billions of dollars debt Ukraine has towards Gazprom.
So, tell me why does Russia constantly mocks Ukraine?
[Green Ukraine]
We don't have one's, especially in pre-election days
People wanted closer ties to EU which the puppet promised but at the last day refused which made people furious, not surprising, seeing how far more successful Poland is even though Ukraine started with higher GDP after fall of USSR, allying with East is death sentence to ever evolving into modern European state.
I am not talking about intend for creating genocide.
What do your laws say about bike helmets
Russians actually used to call eastern Moldova as Bessarabia since 1812 when they occupied it till 1918 when it reunified with the rest of Moldova inside Romania.
[Something like this] Naturally, you walk there with your shoes on when you're about to step outside or have just entered the apartment (unless the shoes are really dirty from weather conditions)
I think that was the first opportunity to change the design, but they did choose to include Norway, Ukraine and Russia in the new image.
I am you
It's pretty damn cold to be honest.
Ukraine wouldn't allow a referendum in the first place, fair or unfair.
Something like that did not happen in Ukraine.
Pro-Putin discource, sanctions lifting promise.
Some parts of Russia are more Asian though, but as a whole, the country has a European character since the majority are ethnic Russians who are Europeans.
Hmm, that was an example, it's not about a specific type of weapon, it's an example of the purposes of weapons.
It's not a city but a region: Ukrainian Galicia is Галичина (~Halychyna)
A country of 140 million with hundreds of billions of dollars in a rainy day fund is going to manage to build a fucking bridge, even if it's a bridge to Terabithia.
That Cnornobyl is next to Kyiv and he was worried to get radiation poisoning
When a member of parliament was ordering a prostitute's services on his work place
How late is night
The big debate is usually do you put your sauces in the fridge or not
De jure the president still is the main figure on foreign affairs, along with the actual foreign minister and the government.
russia
She's got some nerve to come to Ukraine and basically spit on every Ukrainian that has died or is dying for their country's freedom from hers.
The Articles of Confederation was replaced with the Constitution
Not sure what it has to do with EU though.
Always get a lower couchette in a compartment with a closing door (either 2nd class couchette or 1st class sleeper) and put all your valuables under your couchette into a provided box.
Hopefully Belarus will soon get the help they deserve :(
And don't give me that "they did it to Ukraine"; the pre-existing conditions are wholly different to the point that except noting Russia is willing to use military force to achieve political goals, there are no similar markers.
But i realy don't like many of rules wich make no sence, for exemple writing and speling of words where one letter can make 3 sounds or not make sound at all
They even refuse to help Ukraine with some arms for Ukrainians to protect themselves.
Either get all Moldova or give Transnistria to Ukraine.
If the country is struggling, EBU should offer to help.
Think about it like this: the currency is stable, the streets are clean, you have a job, you have a car, the medical care is free, you live in the city with all the modern attractions
Those are rather narrow linguistic terms, so no shame in not knowing them
[Modern]
This looks like a metro map
Of course Le Pen is the worst choice.
Entering the Ukraine with a Russian stamp in my passport?
" which means "shall we continue
I hope we'll win 2 games in our group, I want us to go out of the group but it's just a dream ahhh
Plus, Russians aren't fighting in this war.
People, who belive in this theory say that all the thousands people who died during The Mongol invasion were killed by forced christianisation
So stop grasping at straws to defend you shitposting here and delete this bullshit.
On all "reclaimed" lands Poland pursued a policy of "polonization" which pissed off a lot of Ukrainians.
Dative: Mariyi Petrivni, Danylovi Petrovychu
Because all youth from villages fleed to cities for the best
Weirdly, but not so much about Belarus
The son of Bohdan Khmelnitsky turned out to be such a total insignificance that he ended up in a monastery, from where he was dragged out by the Turkish invaders
It's not the first time such cyber attacks on the power grid happened
Keeping the conflict frozen for years at a time is their goal.
Just countering it's not a goal.
To be perfectly honest Khmelnytsky didn't see Ukraine part of Russia either and was basically cheated by Russian monarch.
They're so busy with getting the crooks out, I don't think they have even issued an official reaction to what this cocksucker said.
Have you been to Ukraine recently?
Kosovo is recognized by about half of the UN, so the question does not have an ultimate answer.
So when someone actually speaks a foreign language decently, people react [like this] It's like being lazy and out of shape and then finding it in you to get in shape - some willpower has been put in it, and it gets the thumbs up
Government gives humanitarian help to Albania right when we ask for it ourselves
Some things are hard to make a reliable poll about because it's an extremely difficult, life changing decision where voters themselves may be unsure about whenever their decision is right.
Ukraine handed over their nukes to Russia, look how well that turned out.
What is the backstory
Ukraine's stability is of everyone's actual interest in the area (yes, even Russia's even if they didn't knew it).
Moscow
Strikingly different in their mood, yet both reflect the Ukrainian psyche quite well
It was Bohdan Yaremenko
We in Ukraine actually say блядь more often
Is it time for Yugoslavia wars: 3 Postelectric boogalo?
This means Ukraine's sanctions will be dropped.
The purple line shows the area where Ukrainians were ethnic majority before the World Wars
USED
Well, unlike you all guys, I don't really represent or work for government, so no, I'l not get anything.
Would have gotten an independent state much earlier
Then Lithuania, then Turkey, then Hungary (Austria–Hungary)
So, you can read the comments here:
Not that that's any better, but I'd bet a lot of money that he can't even find Ukraine on a map.
I'm glad that nothing about the treaty changes and if the Dutch don't like it, then it should be possible to simply exclude Netherlands and have the treaty apply only between Ukraine and the rest of the EU countries.
I think the Ukraine did not expect the turnover either.
Sanctions have nothing to do with corruption in Ukraine and although anti-corruption measures obviously needs to be pushed further in Ukraine, threatening to withdraw sanctions against Russia is the absolutely wrong measure to take.
He is a fraud, a big fat phony.
To find out their differences and more, read replies to this comment below
How about the fact that Golodomor happened not only in the Ukraine, but in what is now southern Russia and Western Kazakhstan?
Generally many leftists in the West think that the Ukrainian conflict is like the Iraq war the fault of western intervention because media from Russia is trying to present it as another western intervention but in reality the West not really much cares about Ukraine.
Not saying it's not a farce regardless (in Belarus) but people that actually live in the country they're voting in have different perspectives & education levels
That one big boat-looking hotel
I don’t know what questions that Norwegian journalist had for Poroshenko, but I hope they would have penetrated the fantasy world that Ukraine’s president is living in.
Annexing Crimea was unacceptable and the war in Eastern Ukraine still continues to this day.
i didnt see any but i heard  **Kropyvnytskyi**  is the borignest place on the planet
You're crazy for Easter
Sort of like a cover up
Most of Ukrainuan speakers from Western regions don't speak Russian at all, but still understand perfectly
Russian nationalists aren't the problem.
End we don't even account FOP in this.
It was later discovered that the lead singer was a [less than ideal] live performer (she had some kind of stage anxiety and couldn't control her voice since she was not professionally trained)
Drywall is only used in office buildings here
Among other dangers that are waiting for Russian military in Ukraine, there is also an important gas pipeline in Ukraine that can get broken in the heat of a battle one day.
Basically, he failed, and now is blaming the central govment for it.
Also Austrians could focus more on Russia and later go to western front when Russia was out of war, plus the resources from Ukraine would be there and even if my some miracle central powers didn't win the treaties would be much less harsh.
Considering what happened to this plane over the Ukraine ...
I know it's hard for Russians not insulting people for their jokes but can you try to do it sometimes
Am I taking crazy pills
Repairing relations without the Russians doing anything about those things just feels like they're getting away with it.
These countries are excluded from my definition of Soviet borders.
Cold - -5/-15
EU, black color on the flag, Flanders that refused their own language for Dutch, Waloons that refused their own language for French, chocolate, dark chocolate
Happy Independence Day
Because all youth from villages fleed to cities for the best
Worked for Yugoslavia, usually works best if you don't neighbour a superpower like Mexico or Ukraine does
Sorry for my bad English
Interesting as a Ukrainian Jewish I look more like the Latvian guy
Perhaps a permanent lease (with strings attached, such as no invasions, but guarantees of no NATO in Ukraine) would be agreeable.
I know, as it would be weird for Belgium to kinda "survive" as functioning state without something like this
Tractors are the same in every country and Ukraine doesn't have problems with tractors.
There's a lot of people who told me they would like to move here for perceived low CoL but I think they underestimate the amount of shit they take for granted in their lives and how the absense of it will get on their nerves here
To take advantage of the EU single market.
It was later discovered that the lead singer was a [less than ideal] live performer (she had some kind of stage anxiety and couldn't control her voice since she was not professionally trained)
Rounding up jews would be much harder if they would be armed, same goes for the kulaks in Ukraine or anyone in general under a totalitarian government.
Yes, but their territory wasn't attacked, therefore NATO cannot say a shit about Ukraine.
It's uncommon for real people, but common mistake of Google Translate.
This will be very hard 4 years for them.
, where the staff speaks better Russian than English
Hitler was an Austrian
ARTE in English | Ukraine, the Citizen's Awakening ed: Caught between the spectre of civil war and the need for drastic reforms,...
I love me some air raid sirens.
Are current sanctions gonna make Russia get out of Ukraine?
Great picture
So that's how claim fabrication in EU4 works?
Not many ordinary westerners want to be part of the same union as Moldova and Ukraine but the EU elites wants that due to geopolitical reasons.
>is an average Ukrainian fluent in Russian
I like the melody, but I think that the lyrics are too patriotic
Kamelåså!
To think Ukraine will change on a dime is silly, and suggests deeply rooted wishes for Ukraine to fail.
EU shells out €600m in Ukraine aid
and the EU finances nationalistic partys in Ukraine that are pro western.
Nevertheless, a common policy on Russia is likely to change with him in power: especially with regard to fighting terrorism in Sirya, cause i'm pretty sure that the EU is not going to switch position regarding Ukraine.
Clearly they were referring to Russia not holding back and invading Ukraine in Crimea and Donbas
You can enter the area by crossing the border from Russia - but it will be considered illegal by Ukrainian authorities and you might get a ban to enter Ukraine for a while
Offtop: Just add **?t=1m45s** or **?t=105** (where 105 is a number of seconds since start) to the link
- language quotas, decommunization, decolonization - Ukrainians finally feel we live in Ukraine, not another Russia (tho there's still a lot of work to do)
Maidan was not primarily about EU or about Russia it was about reforming the country and Ukrainians wanted the EU as partner who should help them with that
e.g. +9 today in Kyiv
Another think about it that upsets me is that a lot of the wrords were being used by Romanians then had stopped being used by slavs.
Denmark — Данія [Daniya]
* with [quark] (sweet or salted) and sour cream;
We called a plumber once and didn't ask him to change into slippers, so he walked through our carpet-free hallway and stepped on the toilet rug with his outside shoes (instead of stepping on the tiles like a sensible being)
He is not a symbol for Ukranians.
Kremlin scumbags using this handicapped singer as an unimportant piece in some board game.
It's actually amazing how much support Ukraine receives from Japan - diplomatically and financially.
Belarus-Serbia-Czechia form a triangle, same with San Marino-Monaco-Liechtenstein
>As for people speaking surzhyk, it's best to avoid them, they're not really the best at oratory and you probably won't get much out of discussing something with them
In disctionaries, "kolo" is synonymous with "krug", but etymologically there's a slight difference
There is no hate to Poles, Russians or Tatars/Turks, but there is a real hate to who want to stop existence of Ukrainian state.
Armenian case just gives Putin a lucky chance to do war with the third party hands
Belarus
Sounds weird
Every British swear word has been officially ranked in order of offensiveness: The UK’s communications regulator, Ofcom, interviewed more than 200 people across the UK on how offensive they find a vast array of rude and offensive words and insults
I just hope that someone will come up with a smart idea to counter this
Hope they will head bome on Tu-154
Since the level of income might be dramatically different, people tend to be careful
The "free speech oppression" comes with the polonium in the tea, mate.
Great anylisis, but it's a bit unobjective to compare us with Ukraine, wich faced recession during this period (from 93 bln $ to 90 in 2015).
Shoot me please, I hardly find people who willing to speak with me in Ukrainian.
Я = I
Guess we were just *overthinking* it
Oh wow, this one’s really nice as well
Why do we blame Germany for Nazi atrocities
*Slava Ukraine, Slava Europa!*
Ukraine used Air Support, but at least one attack aircraft was shot down with air-air missile from Russian territory.
the threat associated with NATO could come from Russia, not from the failings of our defense organization.
If your daughter gets raped, that's a decrease in your property value and you should be fairly compensated for the loss.
I understand why you like to think this way
Fascists are rightwingers though.
You don't get points for trying and failing a lot of times
They're talking about us for most of the time
For me it's like first time
But what about Schutzmannschaft Battalion 202 and The Holy Cross Mountains Brigade
Not much rural life left anymore.
This is brilliant considering the main opponents to an EU army here are generally Eastern Europeans who don't trust western Europeans to defend them (and always use Ukraine as an example as if they are somehow comparable to an EU member).
would you say the same if you were in Estonia, Latvia, Finland or especially Ukraine?
When you purge corruption and nationalistic ideologies out of governing bodies, then will Ukraine be able to join Union and possibly NATO
Sorry don't follow them
I think these are empty threats that show helplessness against nefarious Russian ways.
Thank you for acknowledging it wasn't just Russia
For pizza we use knives and sometimes pizza cutters (but most people don't have pizza cutters, so it's more common in restaurants)
That is because overall most people (excluding pro-russian folks, I haven't the slightest idea what that retards are thinking of right now) here abridge and simplify Yugoslavia to the following
It's like post-civil war US
you could - a group of ex-USSR (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, caucasus and -stans)
Ukraine is in danger actually
Those guys look like they're a bunch of gopniks.
If you want to compete you have two option: you either get yourself on the same level as others, or
This kind of bond with our circumstances back n the days was difficult to make
Shame 5% of forest was affected in recent fires
Or you could go to a forest or riverside and hear it playing from where some people were having a picnic
PS: by "know" I mean that person can tell something about this historical figure, not just name
Western Europe is peaceful but let's not forget there is in fact actual warfare going on in other parts of Europe.
Ukraine: There is going to be a Russia-West agreement to end the civil war.
I think I found his twin brother
The only difference between you and us is that we are making some actions to change it while you pray to your corrupted leader who has been "fighting" against corruption so efficiently for the last 17 years so that all his friends have become oligarchs.
We would accept congratulation when this regulation passes:
The US has influence on Ukraine because it is a credible alternative to Russia.
There is a lot of people that is very skeptical to involve themselves with Ukraine because of your political chaos.
The Ukraine is a kleptocracy with no resources.
I don't know if it's better when economy maps use that Credit Suisse Wealth per Adult Databook where their methodology for Ukraine was "okay, we sorta know what the 50 rich Ukrainians' wealth is, let's just fucking assume that the rest of the country has exactly zero assets despite 70%+ home ownership rates, and divide the 50 rich guys' wealth among the whole population of 43 million, thus obtaining the average wealth in Ukraine to be about fifty five bucks per adult".
He promotes the interests of this government abroad, and thus contributes his fair share.
Russia should've been marked with USSR flag
Different lines will come up in different discussions, depending on the country people will highlight.
Every time Putin interferes in a neighbouring country it distances his other allies.
I think Russia would clearly be instead today with the aircraft they send to the North Sea and Ukraine etc...
especially all related to computers and space staff
Denying entry to a Eurovision contestant would be a major scandal and previously unheard-of for Eurovision.
Not even kidding, I saw many times that people (especially organizers) act as if Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine are just counties of Hungary.
And order of words to important
Way to increase Le Pen ratings.
I can print thousands like these if I have a printer, enough ink and paper.
Ukraine citizens to get visa-free travel to EU - BBC News
It won't be the first time when someone is seen as a hero by one nation, and hated by another.
* Current Russian-Ukrainian war and struggle against Russian terrorism
I never tasted it
We easily understand Russian, because all Ukrainians can speak Russian, but we hate, when people call us Russians
It is only prudent to be careful, would you not say?
How do we know
Петропавлівська Борщагівка.
Some context, I'm from Ukraine and going to fly to Serbia from Turkey (therefore EU can't be an alternative for now)
_Soul and body, yea, our all_
The EU is not seen well in the US after the Greek/Eurozone,migrant,Ukraine,Brexit crisis all crisis which the nation state could solve but the EU cannot.
Or you could go outside and hear it playing from a kiosk
Problem it is line between regions, like any other between to regions, This line was only for map.
I voted against the Association treaty with Ukraine because I feared for animal rights (and rightfully so, if I heard the recent messages about the chicken industry)..
* Volodymyr (the one who owns/rules the world)
Ukraine's climate is continental, i.e. +25-33C in summer and 0C and below in winter
Yet it seems as if just because they doesn't storm our borders and pass them illegaly they are left alone.
Stepan Bandera he led brave insurgents against Soviet and German Fascist hordes
If army (which was in shambles) augmented with NG (which just came into existence and like 99% had no military experience outside of conscription) would not stop it all in Sloviansk, is also one of them.
Taking neutral position in Trump impeachment
Edit: grammar
That is "building up military near the border.
don't know for sure, to me you are first who mentions them in about a year.
For the last two years while being in the biggest recession since Yeltsin, fighting 30% GDP drop, oligarchic struggles, open war in Syria which he actually is in the process of winning with the recent fall of Aleppo, war in Ukraine, actively pushing for control in the Arctic and brokering an OPEC deal without even being a permanent member.
Your government also sent 350,000 soldiers to defend South Korea and it still has 30,000 there today when no one else has any.
How visible is the poverty in Moldova vs Ukraine vs Russia?
But what about US federal debt?
Our go-to stupid death cause for citizens is usually drowning while swimming drunk in Dnipro
It's just cheaper and way safer
It helps to stay warm
that's like 3 Scotlands compared to England
So 75% or so of Romania is in the Balkans, indeed.
How were they forbidden from such trip, can you tell me?
Soros is the hip new scapegoat.
There are a lot of towns similar to it in Eastern Ukraine without anything fun at all like Kramatorsk or Kamianske
It stipulates that border officials should talk to you in Ukrainian if you have a Ukrainian passport.
Ukraine's unimplemented anti-corruption reform
But first mention from V th century
Like taliban, not freaking russia.
I don’t know about every country,but I think, that in the US it’s quite popular
Russia gifted Crimea to Ukraine but it was obviously a prank.
There may be more, but I can't remember
Because the inner Ukrainian economy (this economy was mostly minor transactions within the context of the NEP) was incredibly dependent on grain they obviously weren't profiting from, Ukraine was hit especially hard.
Oh look, Surzhyk/Russian consumes Ukraine from East
Money is money
How many of those 17m googled "what's a EU" after voting?
Bulgaria, Czechia and Ukraine fapper countries confirmed lol.
But yes, winters are getting milder for sure
Here is a [news article in Russian] about it.
It's not russophobic for us to be upset about the people your government has killed and oppressed
Some of their songs that I like:
Ukraine accuses Russia of 'state terrorism' after former MP shot in Kyiv
First I saw it in “Home Alone” when Kevin was in a church
Censornet is very unprofessional.
by killing enough russians, so the rest will understand that they aren't very welcome.
I really like the American Nations by Colin Woodard and [his way of identifying cultural regions of USA] I know, this encompasses Mexico and Canada too, but it still works.
I'll just remind of[ Korean Air Lines Flight 007] shot down by russians in 1983 where they killed 269 people, were obstructing investigations and to this day paid no reparations
Modern Russia still has Novgorod, the founding city of Rus, and had Kiev until 1991 when Ukraine became an independent country.
Competitive products and prices (thanks to low salaries).
Southern and eastern Moravia is religious, so they tend to be more homophobic there.
yeah, he supported ostriches so well
I would guess most is stationed towards Donbass.
They *wanted* to take down a Ukrainian airship, it was a *coincidence*, not and accident, that it was not
Greece to have sanctions on Russia because they annexed some territory in Ukraine, but the EU will not impose sanctions on Turkey for occupying an EU member state, Cyprus
Ukraine is climbing towards true democracy – but we need the West's help
He seen arrest comming and ran away.
interests of the United States
There might be some historical references too, but flag of modern Ukraine was chosen with that reasoning.
Okay but from what im seeing on the news the russians seem pretty prepared for shit.
[Holodomor]
I remember it well, because we have buildings that look like that in Estonia.
Ah, sweet dreams :) Too bad that in our harsh reality Crimea is not Ukraine and will never belong to Ukraine again.
Well the number of people that benefit usually is pretty small
Not Russia, but independent Kuban' or Siberian Republic of Snow and Oil have a chance.
"feel yourself at home but don't forget that you're a guest".
Not in EU, but I think DST is dumb
For example, someone is being interviewed on TV, and they mention some other person as *"Pan Yakovenko has said
какой же ты мерзкий, просто ужас
It usually happens when people try to make their sentences on their language first and then to translate it to English
Germany, Italy, Sweden Netherlands, Finland and Ireland are now in EE?
Just like that SNL sketch, he was too busy on winning the election to come up with a competent domestic and foreign policies.
Ukraine's etymology though :/
*In my village, there was a man who had a red fat cat
It's mighty convenient to put "allies" in quotes when you know your ass is protected from any possible serious war not really by Slovenian military, but by the very allies to the west you denigrate
Russian-speaking anti-regime outlets report on this guy's fate since 2015.
Looks like a frame from a movie about dystopian future
However, Kiev is quite large, so make a plan, get a map, and use the metro (it has the deepest station in the world!).
Honestly we shouldn't allow anyone to claim the arctic.
It's a different type of threat, sure, but I don't think that should prevent a nation from being able to join.
Ukraine has banned plenty of them, but remembered to ban Samoilova only after she was nominated for Eurovision.
Technically correct, the best kind of correct
does russian have enough funds to pay for it?
When I studied we had 11 year school and we finished in most at the 17 years but Ukraine introduce 12 year school so students finish it at the 18
**Stepan Bandera** (political leader)
It's OK, Ukraine was only invaded because they didn't join NATO, which is an inviolable mutual defense pact between Poland and the most powerful country in the world.
It is only through reform that Ukraine will provide counter evidence to the Trump administration’s narrative of Russia and make it easy for the EU to maintain the sanctions against Russia and continue improving Ukraine with much-needed financial support and technical assistance.
Why
They are in fact hostages of Russian militants
The Ukraine seems to be run by an oligarchy, and the first priority should be to put in place a constitution and supreme court of law.
Propaganda is way more effective /s
There's no "Hungarian" part of Ukraine, the region where our Hungarian minority lives has the following ethnic composition as per 2001 census:
They said the same about Hitler.
It's better not to ask then ask at gun point and with a bogus referendum.
Geographically, lifeline to Crimea comes from Ukraine.
Ukraine and the UK also don't get special treatment.
And just talking about this subject invites strong partisan opinions
Some who didn't like Ukraine moved - that's fine.
Not only Trump is gone, but a Democrat has won and they wouldn’t joke about him
Brits liberated some territories
[Alone in a canoe - I Have No Home] (context: in post-invasion Ukraine a lot of people from the Eastern part of the country had to become internal refugees)
Should be loved, supported and protected unconditionally.
I think yes, should be around 15 degrees I suppose in the middle of the month.
The polish pre-WW2 plan was to make Poles from Ukrainians living in todays western Ukraine, not to wipe them out.
I feel many people think that the EU should first fix itself before thinking about enlargement.
I think that Ukraine would be happier without having part of their territory occupied.
After the collapse of Soviet Union all people who felt strongly that their real homeland was Russia or Ukraine have left Lithuania in 1991-1998 period.
There is no going back after that.
No, most people don't speak any foreign language or speak just enough to ask for a dry towel in Turkey or haggle with an equally not-speaking-English Egyptian seller of trinkets
* Greenspaces
Don't push this old Soviet/Russian propagandist idea again
I guess he'd be happier for his country to be like Ukraine or Belarus, aligned with Russia.
Just for regular people life was almost always pretty bad
but remember it was given as a gift from Russia to Ukraine by Khrushchev,
Also there is a movement to rename Western Ukrainian cities back to pre-soviet names (like Ivano-Frankivsk back to Stanislaw, which makes sense since Franko lived in Lviv his entire life anyway) but the people those cities are named for now are usually much more popular and reveared in Ukraine so I don't think it's going anywhere
After leaving Russia, I am planning on going into the Schengen Area and visiting a few countries there before going to the Ukraine.
Since apparently nobody else is going to do so, and OP has not provided a summary, I will.
Aren't most so called pro-Russian separatists natives of Ukraine?
Can I ask: I'm hoping to go to Western Ukraine in the near future.
Do you honestly expect the Russians to settle down once they "lose Ukraine"?
I think the fact that they had support from (and were thus beholden to) the Soviets makes them more dangerous, not less
I wanna thank all countries that have been supporting Ukraine since 2014
What did it want from us and Finland in 1939?
Emotions are taking away your mind.
Polish is Russian Latin-German, Serban/Croatian are Balkan Russian
yes, I just got inspired to write a lengthy reply about apples, don't judge, you'll understand one day
It's what precedes it - a campaign where both sides have access to media and can advocate their views without the fear of death.
Russia doesn't care about DNR/LNR, it cares about having a 100% certainty that Ukraine will never join NATO.
True, but maybe Ukraine would've taken a completely different path if they somehow joined in 2004.
Crimea got occupied and then after a theatrical joke which comedians refer to as a Crimean referendum it got annexed while in Donbass Russian citizens initiated a revolt without asking the locals if they want it and when they got pushed to the border by regular Ukrainian army because those former Russian soldiers who just conveniently had their contracts ended had no support from the local population, then suddenly Russian soldiers got mass vacations and a government paid trip to Ukraine where they reoccupied the eastern Ukraine.
Hej, it's not that bad - there is at least one point which wasn't broken!
But what is the point in giving his testimony against russian security services to Ukraine?
As a Dutchman, i kind of agree after our debacle with Ukraine...
And I guess that the Potocki dynasty is maybe even better known in Ukraine than Wiśniowiecki
If you condem Putin verbally but continue to do business with him and accept the situation in Ukraine as normal ongoing business then overall you are supporting Putin.
With Lithuania, it feels like they want another equal by their side; Poland's attitude is more like "an enemy of an enemy" or "we're doing charity taking all those Ukrainians in, and they don't even want to completely agree on our take on OUN/UPA", etc
Syria does not belong on the same list as Ukraine and Georgia.
Exactly
It has very little to do with Ukraine.
It used to
It's been 2 years, and many Ukrainians still can't believe we've elected a pantless muppet to be the president
Their presence has definitely increased.
The majority are of Greek, Latin, and Hebrew (Biblical) origin
When they met the Greeks they misinterpreted the slavic slovo, for their word wich was close to it which happened to be sklabos.
Австро-Угорщина \[ Avstro-Uhorshchyna \]
Warhammer as a setting is quite popular among gamer / geek crowd.
[Because this] You don't have any Russian majority regions so you will be fine.
Case in point, this post and the jokes around here.
She just didn't expressed her will to enter Ukraine before.
Just think about (cause you are russian) the Ukraine president will campaign in moscow and other russia citys?
I woudln't want Poland to geopolitically control Ukraine.
Russia sucked and they still do.
Pagan idols looked more [like this]
I was talking about proofs for Ukrainians attacking/bombing the crash site.
For about 50% of the territory in winter, people warm themselves with wood and coal, and that's 2020
>According to Ukraine's Attorney General
Ah, yes, peddling fantasies about NATO coups in Ukraine would do it.
[Traditional bandura]
But we don't get to know as much about Russian culture, movies, TV shows, what is popular there, about Russian celebrities or Ukrainian celebrities that moved to Russia for good
If the US feels the need to suddenly leave treaties like the ABM treaty and completely ruin the sovereignty of the Middle East, its not really surprising that they dont give a fuck about a small segment of Ukraine and a single treaty.
My family have always been cooking a borscht with haricot beans and a little meat
By ignoring this provocation Ukraine would appear generous and open-minded in the eyes of Europe.
How about Lil' Porridge
I think /u/librtariandictator was talking about sanctions as a whole, not just those levied for belligerent, expansionistic military interference in Ukraine.
It is definitely usually translated as Great Patriotic War
This \#DankeFrauRibbentrop thing was the stupidest fucking meme of 2014.
People don't set their priorities straight
International military inspectors note a Russian military build up near border with Ukraine
For instance I've stopped buying ready-made froze pizza when I found out that I can make a whole tray of pizza for the price of two frozen pizzas and no mystery cheese involved.
I agree that Ukraine's song shouldn't have been part of the competition for being political, but it deserved the first place.
That said, building good institutions is very complex and takes a lot of time.
Incompetent government and rampant corruption.
And i just don't like the hypocrisy of people spitting on Russians, but praising Westerners when they do the same thing.
Lebanese culture is similar to culture of Ukraine, Belorussia, etc?
It was modern architecture in post WW2 Europe.
Problem is I personally dont want Bulgaria to improve relations with a country that annexes its neighbours while supporting separatists within(Ukraine,Georgia).
Maybe in 20+ years but not in the nearest future.
Eh, perhaps I just phrased it poorly
Or you could take a bus and hear it playing from the driver's cabin
Let me guess: Sweden = Deluge, Britain = sold us to USSR, Ukraine = Volhynia massacre, Lithuania = we want Vilnus back, Czechia = Zaolzie, France = their cheese smells, probably.
Yall forgeting you need good agriculture to not be dependent on america and usdia for it
With a population slightly more than 1,3 million people, Estonia has has contributed more than 6 million euros to support the development of Ukraine in the period of 2014 - 2015, which makes roughly 4 euros for every Estonian resident
You aren't Ukraine, you have stable, well-functioning governments and while you are small, you are far from defenseless.
>I'm on social benefits due to a lifelong physical disability
There's a reason none of the Color Revolutions actually lasted for long, they were all failures in terms of providing seriously meaningful change.
Muslims consider Jesus to be one of the prophets.
It's still nothing comparable to Ukraine, since Saddam was an active threat to the whole region with a history of invading neighbours for land (Iran war, Kuwait annexation) and an impressive number of war crimes.
\- Yuri Gagarin, the son of a milkmaid, to Soviet kids
Estonia is actually a member of NATO unlike the Ukraine so the US is contractually bounded to defend Estonia.
(to whom that will cosider it as rusophobia - it is not.
I thank Poland , for helping us
And Ukraine gains the leverage of a trading hub in Europe instead of having to negotiate with Gasprom directly.
Lol
I wonder if this explicit dictatorship move will finally persuade Germany to stop the Putin's beloved political project called Nordstream
Some Ukrainians would answer with СНГ as in "we're a part of CIS" meaning that we're a part of some Frankenstein's monster made of various state formations which economics gravitate towards Russia, as opposed to the rest of Europe/Asia
Don't know what's going on, exept some protests against corruption, but have enough this shit of our own.
Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia (you could add Ukraine, Georgia and the 'stans I suppose) were all SSRs and they all "won" (the 'stans to a much lesser extent sadly) when the Kremlin's control over them collapsed.
[And still he landed on Red Square.]
Most of the refugees are not from Syria but from places like Afghanistan,Eritrea,Somalia, north Africa which are very underdeveloped and most of them are unemployable.as far as refugees the German government has not allowed Ukraine refugees who are a lot more skilled ,well educated and hardworking compared to the African's & middle eastern people
* Center of city mostly safe and clean
Ukraine is Russia, I know what I'm saying
What did you guys do to get there
He wasn't sent to colony that time.
Happy independence day !
Also, sanctions must then be shown to not further isolate the country to a degree as to fail to incentivise them to cease their actions (opposed to lashing out).
The attacker sprayed him from an anema which must be very effective but not even necessary — in this [video of another attack] in Ukraine the victim's face was completely painted with zelenka in one splash without any elaborate tools.
Putin gave many medals for this annexation, all having the date 20.02.2014, so way before the official annexation and days before there were even rumours of russian soldiers acting against Ukraine in Crimea.
Plus they would probably make them sign some unfavorable deal concerning Kosovo, and that's like the deal breaker.
Now I personally don't care who is right or wrong for that matter, but not the EU nor the Russians want to be viewed as the antagonist in these situations,since it's all a matter of perspective.
From recent - Crimea and Donbass
The US has Trump now and Assad remained in power in Syria.
Somehow I can't believe even for a second that in the whole following century humanity won't create themselves more serious problem
I want to say that my country is where central and eastern Europe come together, but many regard everything from Czech Republic and on to be Eastern Europe.
As a European myself, I say they should slap some handcuffs on her ass.
Rostock is overall a city with a really low number of immigrants and of those the three largest groups are from Russia, Vietnam and Ukraine.
Crimea is gone and we don't give a shit about Ukraine except insofar as punishing Putin over it reassures Eastern NATO members.
Brexit vote was 'not legally binding' says Supreme Court judge
So, protesting -> good, violence (doesn't matter if it's linked to protests) ->bad.
There are Russian minorities all over Eastern Europe ready to get the approval of starting an uprise like in Ukraine, but thank God the American troops on our soil will not allow such a thing, that's why we love you, thanks!
That we're not drinking vodka every day
Finnish
I'm sure he's been briefed by the advisors who he listens to and respects that Ukraine is in South East Russia.
We're lucky to be on the intersection of western and eastern Slavic languages (even though officially Ukrainian counts as eastern Slavic language) to have good grasp of the roots of both
Did you ally with emus
Just realizing that he's a president in real life is such tragicomedy that we need no other jokes
Maybe they were just being nice
Ultimately two Soviet Republics (Ukraine and Byelorussia) were admitted as full members of the UN, so between 1945 and 1991, the Soviet Union was represented by three seats in the United Nations."
Yes, also during peace times they sent conscripted people possibly further away from their home, so Baltic soldiers usually found themselves in Central Asian republics, or even the far east, in the best case-the Ukraine.
What do you think about the current situation in Ukraine?
You shouldn't have carved three fucking unrecognized "republics" in 25 years and annexed Crimea.
But yeah, everyone avoids Ukraine 'cause of Crimea and the rebellion in the east.
Ofc Russia is going to be annoying when such leaders are in power.
> And it's always the parties that disguise themselves as the "party of the small man".
By editing the satellite images that were provided to Ukraine and now they have stopped providing them all together.
Yeah, most of the prepositions are one-letter
Well Poland fucking betrayed us and made peace with the soviets making us lose independence and get absolutely fucked for 70 more years
If they stop, then will be eaten by putins POMOIKA
And after we rejected the Ukraine Association Treaty in 2016, D66 - "after some deliberation" - decided not to press the government on renegotiating it, essentially making the referendum worthless.
I agree with this:
It's sad, but this is result of hundreds years of living under the rule of foreign empires.
Its still a crime and almost as tragic as **true genocide**.
Fixed
The people fighting against Ukraine are Russian soldiers and some Eastern-Ukrainian petty criminals and thugs.
That's some next-level strategy.
There were foreign gunmen in control of the area and of counting the votes, and all kinds of opposing political campaigning was pretty much impossible under the circumstances.
Calling someone's opinions nasty is nasty.
Russia randomly invades neighbouring countries (Ukraine, Georgia) and no one lifts a finger.
It may have been possible to subvert Ukraine, in other means (as opposed to taking land), than let it go to the West.
Without getting too political
That's why they argue, not because they speak different dialects
You see "join the army" posters all over the place, military convoys driving around in the cities and the countryside, young guys in uniforms walking around, random military training operations in the middle of the night are becoming more frequent and so on.
It should've been built years ago.
The majority are of Greek, Latin, and Hebrew (Biblical) origin
They have a standing army of around 250.000 soldiers with several volunteer corps standing by.
it's a war, Russia fuels it and there will be adequate response to this.
Meanwhile, if he gets the idea he can get away with something in an area like Crimea or Ukraine by giving countries an out (reason not to support them) , he is much much comfortable taking action.
Working with that definition, we've got Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova, etc.
I just can't see the US actually backing off in such a scenario of Russian aggression.
Which seems more plausible at this point?
Ukrainian newspapers were printing TV schedules including Russian channels as well (the aforementioned governmental channels + new commercial chanels)
Ukraine shouldn't have to make any of the negotiations at all.
If anyone is hoping that Belarus will peacefully transform into a democracy as a result - it won't.
Not sure if people understand that fifth spot is ass
Russia isnt going to attack Ukraine"*
Same for Russian, I feel your pain
And one guy said to me that Ukraine is a neo-fascist state run by a corrupt chocolate magnate,I think that's the RT line.
Kazakhstan is for sure not European, just as I think Turkey is not really.
They started the conflict, the west responded with sanctions, and now they're escalating it by meddling in our elections.
I live in Kiev and we have a similar one, so its story begins as one architect realises that by the construction rules walls of a building don't have to be perfectly parallel, you may have as much as 6 degree slant between any two walls
* [Example 2]
o_O Petty is the crime, because she could've easily avoided it.
Despite the regular reports about the mistreatment from Polish employers, the historical tensions/nationalistic clashes the general opinion on Poland is neutral at least and positive at best
For me (Ukrainian ) it's chocolate and other sweets
And Russians weren't overly excepting to Jews.
I like being a spectator of it
And it's always shot high from the air, because for residents usually it looks like this:
If there's a specific city mentioned as well, people know the city
I think this statement gets less and less popular with examples like the Ukraine referendum.
Survey of Russian Propaganda Influence on Public Opinion in Ukraine Findings
If anyone is hoping that Belarus will peacefully transform into a democracy as a result - it won't.
Forget about the Crimean war did we?
You like him probably because he is mostly not visible.
Nazis do that
В моём посёлке/в моей деревне/деревеньке/в нашей глуши жил мужик/мужичок/мужчина/дядька с рыжим котом/у которого был рыжий кот. ~~Мужик с толстым рыжим котом~~ ~~Котовладелец (?)~~ **Тот** мужчина был довольно странный/странноватый/чудаковатый/с придурью...
But why not to protect russian (or any other nation minority by any country), if there was a precedent in Kosovo (fully legalized by UN)?
They're primitive (usually) provincials lacking self-awareness, or even more literally - "cattle" (рагуль - рогатий); same as *bydlo*. In other words, it's a state of mind, not a subculture or social class
Ukrainian hackers promise leaks on Putin spokesman
DUDE
It reminds me of [this] I've never worked with this software, just remember the name
But most of the people don't go that deep and use just East-West
Ukraine: so is your language like 99% similar to Russian
So if you wanted to get support from Ukrainian peasantry you need start campaign against any privileged class.
It's true, but polish know, if Russian come, they never go back, they know history and 1769
Even a 2 years old model can easily cost 500$ or more here in Ukraine
Wouldn't recommend it in general
I guess, we eat it as much as you: in pastry, in the traditional Christmas dish called [кутя/kutia] We also have [poppy seed cakes]
Ukraine is preparing to evacuate Avdeevka
Poland pretty much can't stand Ukraine and Lithuania.
They haven't finished with Ukrainians and other closer nationals to move to recently gained Poland
The real fight here is the fight against corruption in Ukraine.
Mainly from you being in a similar position to Russia and Russia attempting to do that at the moment
Tbh, if we are all dead as a result of the war, it kinda is exclusive
Moscow gives a lot of shit about political structure in the country because controlling a single dictator or at least a very select few individuals who are in charge of the state is miles easier than controlling a democratic process
* with [liver]
Reason 1: He is prime minister, easy target.
I live in a country which is probably the perfect example of a communism victim, but if we start calling each occurence a separate name we can make it look like communism wasn't that bad, just had a few bad people
The problem being that even banana republics can afford to sell bananas cheap because every years new bananas grow.
Or movies about good cops;)
I see it as neon yellow verbal highlighter used to make some parts of the speech more expressive
It obviously has its downsides, but to me the only thing that matters is how people living there see that
It just managed to become a part of Ukraine since the Soviets reshuffled the USSR around a bit to make administrating it better, not expecting the USSR to collapse, obviously.
So not reliable at all as an ally.
Ukraine was about to sign a deal which would give chance tk join EU in the future.
This must be banned worldwide
* new blocks are ugly, overpriced and unpractical as fuck (like those blocks where can live 4200 people and only 100 parking lots
I really don't know where this numbers come from.
because "not want to be part of Serbia, Ukraine respectively" in one case means "being independent" (Kosovo) and "be part of other state" (Crimea).
First, sanctions are a marathon, not a sprint.
Shame 5% of forest was affected in recent fires
Holly shit, where is it
I can go along with this to some degree.
One of us
This is just one illustration of why our homes are shoes-free
Belarus, Ukraine and Russia all have rights to claim Kievan Rus', it's same as Roman Empire.
[4]
Also the Duomo is so-so
Or you could go to a forest or riverside and hear it playing from where some people were having a picnic
Oh, right, that was before the so called great war, it doesn't count
Sigh
The last thing I read about the association treaty is that the EU is going to sign it but the Netherlands are going to get an opt out in some way that would be in line with the referendum results.
Ukraine is already large enough and poor enough to drag down the EU considerably, while Russian-Belorussian union state and Turkey are even bigger and not that much richer.
Op means after Ukraine joins the EU.
If Russia didn't want to be called a threat maybe they shouldn't have invaded Georgia and Ukraine...
20°C, but today it's really warm outside \~5°C, so I even turn off the heating
Except that instead of losing five planes (including a strategic bomber, lol) they'll lose half airforce.
tlen - oxygen in Polish and decay, ruin in Russian
I'd like to see by what standards you judge him
Same
I don't think so
I think most Europeans want better relations with Russia.
Can't make profit of it and it just fell off
Last couple of years made me question this
I mean, the correct name literally means " White Rus' ", and English name is just a transcription
That's seems highly irresponsible on behalf of whoever was in charge of broadcasting Dozhd in Ukraine.
Calling the Ukrainians who have so far come to Poland "refugees" is clear demagoguery.
I think it serves as a reminder that having a reasonable amount of military spending is necessary even if the risk seems low at the time.
Russia) if it switches on guerrilla mode?
Meaning more shelling
Later, in the main hall, I saw Chinese tourists knocking on columns to check if they are real and taking photos of praying people with flash on (BTW these praying people were women from some radical Islam movement)
I think you could see a noticeable shift beginning in 2013.
Can't you ask France to send some stale baguettes?
My evidence is that he is a fucking nazi sympathizer is the fact that he did the nazi salute
i meant Ukraine is a foreign/"patriotic" war to send promising "revolutionaries/fighters" to die or to "trim the bushes" so to speak and keep them down.
But I’ve heard about the statue:) Thanks
Full shutdown (tl;dr only food stores remain open) tomorrow
In fact most maps on here only have data from EU countries, sometimes EU countries vs Russia which is always a fun time
Russian has *сральник* - sralnik
Almost everyone in Kiev can speak Russian if they choose to
It was not _just_ the non-aggression pact
During the civil war, there were many de facto autonomous states on the territory of former Russian Empire.
Vyatka is pretty fun
They want to have everything, but don't want to do anything for this.
Ukraine teacher 'tried to sell girl aged 13 for $10,000'
Not every building that looks french is automatically haussmanian.
I bet most Turks living there would support it as well.
However, I find English to be one of the easiest languages to learn (I speak Russian, Ukrainian, German and Norwegian) especially due to it’s popularity and availability of books, guides, free content
But should you change the meaning of the word to, say, a nickname of some girl it's gender changes to female so we get " "Бордо" була розташована на першому поверсі цього будинку"("Bordeaux" was located on the first floor of this building)
Picking Russias offer instead of the Eu one?
It would be interesting to see if this year Russia's vote will go for Ukraine and vice versa :)
I'm honestly terrified just watching this video, did not expect something like this in Sweden.
Ukrainian name for Wien is different from both English and Austrian/German names
Ukraine simply had a very large amount of kulaks.
They were not real states as they didn't last very long.
Back then this was an issue because as in so many parts of Europe ethnic groups lived spread accross the borders of several countries (also thanks to fucked up post WWI borders) - kind of how Russia nowadays invaded the Ukraine to protect "its people".
* Bogdan (literally "the one given by God", which is a translation of the name Theodor, which, yet again, has local cognates Fedir (Ukrainian) and Fiodor (Russian)
Edit: /r/russia isn't what it used to be, they just furiously post pictures now lol
Just switching leaders while following the same policies won't end anything, I agree.
Or Roxolana (aka Hurrem Sultan)
Ukraine is not first
Personally, I just start with "Я вас слухаю" / I'm listening
I underestimated our poetry
Maybe the wording was wrong, people thought "Asian" meant Turk or Arab
Kyiv
You might want to think about that a little before declaring Trump the enemy.
Also I doubt anyone really knows.
The more remote/obscure your location is, the fewer opportunities you have, so people from villages usually have three options: fit the thing in/on your own car, ask a relative/neighbour with a minibus, or order through the aforementioned postal service
They habitually torture political prisoners, and I don't mean loud music and waterboarding.
How are the relations between Ukraine and Poland?
As for today it's pretty much a kleptocracy.
Stems like *-slav* *-slava* (glory) and -myr (world) are parts of many compound Slavic names
You might learn that being called a mean word is not the worst
We have similar thing
Oh, right, that was before the so called great war, it doesn't count
It will earn you an immense respect and it is a kind-of polite thing to do.
Do I understand it's a calque of an idiom
That's a good one
Italy, Slovakia, Ukraine, for example, never invaded Poland by themselves.
And in a way became disting to Romanians, and it itself Romanian.
"Where's your warm hat
it's like every photo of putin is a different person
I think you forgot [EAEU] and [CIS]
[Lenin statue transformed to Darth Vader statue after the start of decommunization in Odesa, Ukraine]
I'm not saying that there shouldn't be consequences, but the OP asked what we can do to *help* Ukraine, not take a moral stance.
Because Ukraine will have to pay for it and i guess it will be twice.
Pls end me: -20C (we don't get such weather anymore due to climate change)
I'm surprised that you guys still use a word "walkie-talkie". I thought it's left in 2000's. :)
Some people are slightly ashamed of their helplessness abroad, so they come home and put some effort into English
They might have lasted until the Xth century in Georgia and Azerbaijan.
Did you know though that approximately at the same time pro-Russian militia in Donetsk and Lugansk in eastern Ukraine started fighting against Ukraine's forces and were subsequently supported by the Russian army in form of vehicles and weapons?
Post-USSR remembers your exported stuff, DDR...
I prefaced my statement with a maybe, and not to say that you are wrong, but I don't see, how my suggestion is totally unlikely to have happened.
In Ukraine, it's definitely S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Fantastic series
In Russian, it's "*как себя чувствуешь/kak sebia chuvstvuyesh"* (a transitive verb + reflexive pronoun)
my condolences though
Most of us just want your government to fuck off and die and for your people to have the same freedoms and opportunities we want for ourselves
But as you say that too has its flaws, and isn't a great indicator of development either.
That's some expensive vodka
Russians are in Crimea and it's calm and quiet there.
Yeah, just give Russia another reason to have a swing at Ukraine.
Oh and they're destabilizing eastern Ukraine with their rebels as well.
Without the Russia flair I would assume that this is a funny dark joke, but with the Russia flair it reads like a threat
[Adventure Time with Finn and Jake]
Btw, i can distinguish Russian , Ukrainian and Belorussian easily
If a country is invaded and the invading party enlists a faction of locals to fight against the central government it's not a civil war.
Maybe that one "krug" word is a loanword from Church Slavonic
I'm a US citizen who, after hearing that Belarus just announced a [Visa free policy] for US/EU citizens, wants to take a whirlwind trip through Eastern Europe -- specifically Belarus (Minsk), Moldova (Chisinau), Transnistria, and Ukraine (Kyiv/Chernobyl) -- this May.
"Internet party of Ukraine". It's nominees have names changed to those of star wars characters, and wear costumes of them in public
And fire artillery from behind their backs.
I think like Turkey thats never going to happen.
I like Chris, and I love reading his reporting.
I live smack in the middle of a 1M+ city and my work is literally seven minutes down the street by foot
Even more so when for Bulgaria to take a position against the territorial integrity of Ukraine could easily endanger its own territorial integrity.
So because Russia might not respect the treaty, Ukraine shouldn't even try?
Without the US influence, the world would be much less peaceful, and Russia barely makes a difference to world peace.
More than I can count: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus (N+S), Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Vatican, Wales
If one has Crimea in Ukraine, and open borders, there is no need to fight.
Because it's just watered down wine
The Karpaty zone is nothing but water now
But now, at this moment, due to COVID - it’s nearly impossible even for fellow Ukrainian to visit Donetsk
The biggest power they hold is the influence on public discourse about various stuff and our current president Niinistö has been quite vocal with big issues like Russian relations, Ukraine and the safety on the Baltic Sea.
We Ukrainians have good proverb: "на сараї курва написано, а лежить там багаття".
Because they're sex slaves from Ukraine.
Furthermore after the events of 2014 Ukraine cut ties with it biggest traid partner.
We are sanction Russia for 2 years and for the most part, the conflict in Eastern Ukraine is quiet.
One of my best friends is a Jew from Ukraine who's grandma (who's still alive) spent time in a Nazi concentration camp and saw her younger sister shot to death.
Many right parties in the West are funded by Kremlin.
>But don't lie to yourself, not all Nazi's attack people
I don't know why you think I'm arguing that Ukraine isn't corrupt, or that corruption levels are acceptable.
I see, all I saw was "The data about the most numerous nationalities of Ukraine are mentioned below:"
It worked
If you look on a map, quite a significant part of "rebel-contolled area" is howitzer-range strip from Russian border.
They are good people, it is your fault.
Some titles are meme-like, but with respect to its cultural significance :
3rd+ generation greeks still live in Russia, Ukraine etc.
, where the staff speaks better Russian than English
As someone with a bit of understanding of Russian context I would say it is both a calculated and desperate move on his part
But many countries seem to keep on trying to present it as a good idea.
It sais Russia over Ukraine **?** and **expertly** touches over Transnistria **?** and "Pelicans and Russians" in the delta **?**
The same people I'm talking to right here in this thread and many others regularly call Iraq and Afghanistan "illegal wars of aggression." Yet they vote for people who supported those wars and they took no action like they did against Russia when it invaded Ukraine.
On that topic, I can't recommend Bloodlands by Timothy Snyder enough for a good bird's eye overview of what Eastern Europe went through in the 1930s and 1940s.
These brainwashed sheep should go protest China, Russia and India
EU has been working on actively reducing its CO2 emission since 80-early 90th (While USA kept pumping more and more) and yet economy is still standing strong, and Germany manufacturing is huge
Mean :(
I agree, unless it's the overwhelming majority in a given region.
It was off the coast of Ukraine.
I'm not suggesting they'll fully invade and occupy the country.
193 dutch citizens died in mh17 and you basicly said "nah, we dont care, Russia can do their thing in Ukraine".
Lithuania with 2
Use it to produce something else?
EU unblocks visa-free travel for Ukraine, Georgia
Breaking news: Trump is an unskilled moron, and others want to use it!
Belarus a little more than Ukraine, but in essence, not really.
They might be more visible but, well, getting invaded will have that effect.
Either Kyiv in the XI-XII century (preferably during a warm season) or a Ukrainian village of the XVII-XIX century
Village cats, however, have all the privileges of chilling outside and then eating and sleeping inside
my personal [attitude] towards these countries
What's now called "Proto-Indo-European", before Hitler was known as "Indo-Aryan", changed for obvious reasons, +it fits more with the other terms like "Proto-Slavic" etc.
> Insects in general are fairly resistant to radiation, but cockroaches are not
You backed out of
>"Let's not talk about the bad, but rather do it"
* First Maidan, of 2004 - pro-democratic massive peaceful protests, called Orange Revolution
I rarely see one in the street, but there was at least one in every programming team I worked in
Ukraine has reached the level of Saudi Arabia, denying entry if they see an Israeli stamp on your passport.
Along with other examples of inconsistent usage like "nedilia", I assume these are borrowings from either Ukrainian (its local linguistic ancestor) or the Bible language which was used as the language of literature
Most of EU countries at this point would not want them to join too.
Ukraine: Why are you attacking Russia for no reason at all?
Hi, me to call John, pleasantly to get to know self
Old Church Slavonic is a dead literature *language* which belongs to the established subgroup of South Slavic languages and has written examples, same as Latin
> Norman Foster
Porn sites, school books ( subject called "health basics", not very effective) and of course life(
Since I am not from the capital, I had to order from a reseller (from Ikea Poland) one more time
Also it was MUSCOVITE tsar You eastern impostor!!!
The top anti argument is actually understandable.
It would be pointless and nonsensical for Greeks for example to claim back Istanbul, because there are basically no Greeks living in instanbul or turkey and instanbul has been Turkish for too many years now.
While courage above all he had
Not sure how much they were related, beyond the obvious Slavic connection.
The small beginning of the protests (including the chant you shared) was about preferring the EU to Russia and being upset that Yanukovych was choosing closer ties with Russia over the EU after promising closer ties with the EU, but the main protests had nothing to do with Russia and everything to do with Yanukovych and his government being extremely corrupt and abusive
Russia is not gonna let Ukraine go into the Western Sphere and they don't give a shit about human misery.
If NATO is not there anymore I am pretty sure things would get more unstable.
They were obliged to speak Ukrainian language in official situations.
The best move for Ukraine is to keep the current course.
"Eneyida" was the first literary work written in common people's Ukrainian
Probably
Do you seriously think Russia wanted to participated in this year's Eurovision?
Ukraine protects Ukrainian-speaking people within its borders.
* [Ligol] - great winter apples; juicy, sour and sweet, medium-hard
over the actions of these paramilitaries.
I mean lands to south from Uman'
**Volodymyr the Great** (ruler of Kyivan Rus 980–1015)
Creating dissent where they're vulnerable.
5 mln
For example, the Ukrainian word for Sunday is "*неділя/nedilia*" i.e., literally "*the day you do nothing*". In Russian, "*неделя/nedelia*" means "week/7 days", and Sunday in Russian is "resurrection". Every Sunday is the resurrection day
Plus there was the Serpent Island dispute and also Ukrainian volunteers fought on Russian side in Transnistrian war.
The anti-capitalistic, anti-NATO Left doesn't seem to have a problem defending Russia's actions in Ukraine.
Hungary - Угорщина (Ugorscheena)
Not high enough to make life not shit.
Nope, I don't eat salo and borscht every day
No swapping, all teritories that would be swapped have a significant or majority ukrainian population anyway.
Almost everyone I know said they're pro Ukraine.
There were plenty of non barbaric states and kingdoms at that point in time.
We are allied with him, the problem is he might damage the partnership by criticizing Merkel and the EU instead of Russia's involment in Ukraine.
They are well known and trusted in the society.
There were funny discussions while the quotas were being developed
Poll in France: Which country contributed the most to the defeat of Germany in 1945
Also, people's will means also people in (the rest of) Ukraine, not only those in Crimea.
I'd say most of them don't get mentioned too much, it is more common to hear about the 27 administrative regions (divided differently) or some general West-East labels.
As much as I agree with your logic, isn't this already a lost cause?
2.I don't really see that happening, except of something the similar to the UN peacekeeping troops or something.
Imagine for a moment that you're the Ukraine, or Estonia, or Latvia.
For Russia and Ukraine it's not an invasion like German invasion in 1941, it's just chunking off a piece from their pyramid and attaching it back to ours.
That's a good one, but whoever uses videos from Maidan in such a way, should go fuck himself.
It would have prevented what is going on in Ukraine.
Shit on your enemies
Dude, fuckin true
The whole Ukraine/Crimea situation must resonate particularly badly...
South of Russia and most russian language speakers of Ukraine indeed have the habit of pronouncing G’s as H’s.
Yes, EU should just build factories in Ukraine.
The Ukraine isn't even a real country to me.
at the part of Ukraine there is a war, there is a draft.
>gun violence isn’t really something to complain about when your nation is literally fighting a war in the east against rebels
Absolutely love it
...that common Frauen und Herren were unaware the Nazis were exterminating undesirable ethnicities in the Third Reich
It shows how each language has its own history where certain characters have changed or fallen out of usage
That is, pro-ukrainian forces call Russia and anybody affiliated with it aggressors, threats to world peace and enemies (and from our position, they aren't that wrong), while pro-russian forces call our modern government traitors/junta, advocate for close ties with Russia(i.e becoming a Russian puppet like Belarus) and privileges for Russian language, while being financed directly by Russian government
They are not “cool” at all
all of these facts are not denied in Ukraine, for the latter in Russia you can be put in prison.
This pales in comparison to millions dollars some other people declared.
Not even [Polish invasion of Ukraine and partitioning it together with Russia]–Ukrainian_War).
>is Russian ability slowly shrinking
Also there are official statements of the EU and individual countries, explaining the reasoning.
Nah, not only it's grammar is far easier than the most of European languages, but it's pop culture sphere is the biggest of all languages
They have Bershidsky, who posts overt propaganda in his blog on bloombergview and likely manages to pull something softer and more truthful to main page.
Would have been way more interesting if she was instead detained and prosecuted in Ukraine.
Imagine how powerful the explosion in the comments would be if you included the flag of Kosovo
**Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
For some reason in the same group with Belarus and Ukraine.
I might have agreed with you before Ukraine
I guess, we eat it as much as you: in pastry, in the traditional Christmas dish called [кутя/kutia] We also have [poppy seed cakes]
Zhyvchik
If you think that you have years to prepare think again, Georgia and Ukraine situation came within weeks without noone predicting it.
Even if either country wants to join I think most EU members will refuse.
Now they can form Britalonia Union ;)
Denmark — Данія [Daniya]
Well, Belarus more like a family
To play devil's advocate - and yes, of courser Russia is involved in the conflict, but even setting that aside - Ukraine borders Russia.
It's part of Russia according to the Russian Google, part of Ukraine according to the Ukrainian Google, and a disputed territory in other versions of Google maps, including the main one.
They won't join EU or NATO and Crimea is now Russian) but their long term goals have been shot to shit.
This explains the wars in Ukraine and Syria and his support for Central Asian strongmen dictators.
Estonia was everyone's province if you knew a bit of history of Livonia, as much as Ukraine.
Ukraine was a breaking point where people started "massively" sign up for paramilitary/shooting schools and clubs
I'm not sure whether I'll do this as a brief time in each with more time in Slovakia, or whether it's worth spending longer to explore Ukraine.
"We'll forgive you for that time you got angry at us for taking Crimea, starting a war in Ukraine and downing a plane full of Dutch passengers."
Thr camera was not there
What differences are in their policies and plans for presidency
The amount of cultivated poppy in individual households has greatly diminished since then
U.S., Ukraine Vote Against Russian Measure Condemning Nazism At UN (131 FOR vs.
They don't even have any interest in that.
With the new law of righteousness
Ukraine took the bait, did exactly what Russia wanted.
It only causes problems and conflicts
If countries like Germany, France and Sweden have not left within 6-7 years Id be suprised.
It's like saying "Ukraine carrying out unprecedented reforms".
This is exactly how I see it – a bunch of nutjobs expressing their views.
It since has become a joke
They are culturally close to us.
Oh, and some of them were on tanks, but that's just Russia, everything is possible there
When this happens (no matter it is about Belarus, Ukraine or Moldova), Russia starts the usual economic and political retaliation: blockade for their products, increase of gas prices, starts asking for real or imagined high debts to be payed immediately, starts using the kgb networks to destabilize the country, encourages all sorts of regions to secede so they can then use those territories as an instrument for blackmail and sometimes it makes threats of invasion.
236 in Ukraine lmao, is it average between millions of poor people and our president
SPEG
IX-XI: Kievan Rus
- improvement of economic and cultural ties with the Western world, due to our refusing from degrading Russian partnership and due to visa-free regime with the EU
Russians	**31k**
How will you negotiate with them in that case?
Russia is pretty much only exporting weapons and oil/gas.
The whole operation in Donbass is meant by Putin to punish Ukraine.
Afaik Novgorod and Kiev should be on the same step.
i agree that people need to understand that while using internet THEY SHOULD LEAVE AS LITTLE DATA AS POSSIBLE, more privacy and fuck the tech giants
Rabbi Nachman of Breslov's grave in Ukraine vandalized with pig's head, fake blood - Europe
Even today, more than three years later they cannot agree to make a deal with separatist regions to end civil war.
We literally only have Ukraine and Belarus left....
You can't physically remember them all so even the best philologists make mistakes with stresses sometimes
Donetsk is shelled permanently, intensive combat around the airport, Debaltsevo and any arterial road.
I wish we wouldn't have all these problems.
After that, we can enter *talks*.
Or even that it'll start it's own ruskievision or something?
Us and Poland would benefit immensely in the long term if one of these two in a perpetual hammer-and-anvil situation were to disappear
Earlier I would say "it happened in Bangladesh" as "це відбулося в Бангладеші", but apparently the correct way is "це відбулося в Бангладеш" which still sounds weird to me
Once you've taught at home for a few years you'll be a competitive candidate for the good international schools that will help you get a work visa in the EU.
My guess is it would have more civil wars after Chechnya, possibly even ethnic Russian areas separating from each other.
When General Kulchitsky did not let him sit on helicopter b because it was overloaded with supplies for soilders on m.Karachun, unfortunately the helicopter was later shot down
(better than they themselves you might say)
Simon Ostrovsky's coverage of the Ukraine crises, for example, was pretty good.
From my trip to [Pripyat, Ukraine]
Maybe a little bit less authoritarian, but that's probably about it
We either rent a van (usually comes with a driver) or just load the item inside (or onto the roof railings) our car, if it's a station wagon or an SUV with enough space
What about the Orange Revolution in Ukraine?
When the majority of the people do not share the same political belief of the government they will flood the street no matter what.
He can become another good Russian now for all I care
Ukraine also has single pot pension system
Also, white singing isn't everybody's cup of tea, but I like it
Already, around 48% of people in the Netherlands favour Nexit
This is really awesome
I guess you know way more about the Serbs, living that much closer to them so I wouldn't argue with your position
I like what he did in Georgie against corruption and I wish he did more of that in Ukraine.
Can be noted that Ukraine's GDP(PPP) isn't that great either.
Those countries can't really affect other countries in any significant way.
This guy also calls westerners pigs, swine, etc.
It's more likely to be less than the Ukraine - European Union Association Agreement that establishes a political and economic association between the parties.
Reaction inside Russian society has been mediocre at best, while he needs to maintain pressure on Putin to stay relevant
Kyiv
Ukraine's decision to turn down Russia's loan/business offers led to the annexation of Crimea and the invasion of the east of their country, let's see what happens with Belarus.
) find г hard to pronounce
And in Ukraine mob was hurling molotv cocktails at the police officers.
Most of us just want your government to fuck off and die and for your people to have the same freedoms and opportunities we want for ourselves
People here will give you nothing but their opinion and they may not be the most credible sources.
You don't find panel houses in the old city parts.
IMO, it's the same as arguing that nazis weren't nazis because a real definition of national socialists says something else
That's was our stereotype about Russians in 90s
I will decide on my own that nobody in the dorm can hang out with Ukraine.
If Ukraine had been a muslim country I'm sure Europe would've been eager to help.
Pick Kyivstar for better coverage
Ukraine, for example, had one several months after it declared independence, Estonia held one 3 years after their declaration of sovereignty was published, the intervening time being spent in pretty much open rebellion, Latvia held theirs almost a year after the adoption of 'On the restoration of the Independence of the Republic of Latvia' by the supreme soviet, which again put them in an effective state of rebellion.
You can say its Ukraines city, whats the problem and I tend to agree but they should formally abandon the Minsk agreement if this is the path they want to take first.
Ukraine isn't EU confirmed
It happens between any languages that you use fairly regularly, and the wolf you feed more grows fatter
Just because North Korea is building nukes doesn't mean its now fair game.
In Ukrainian, "окружність/o**kruzh**nist" (circumference) is the length of a "*коло/kolo*" (circle) when it's a drawn figure
Earlier I would say "it happened in Bangladesh" as "це відбулося в Бангладеші", but apparently the correct way is "це відбулося в Бангладеш" which still sounds weird to me
And that's exactly why space wars are useless and pointless.
While tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Russia on March 26 to express their anger, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev was at the top of the world, skiing.
i didnt see any but i heard  **Kropyvnytskyi**  is the borignest place on the planet
I know Home Alone had been aired in Ukraine every year on Christmas, at least it was like this pre 2014
Together with Saint-Petersburg and Moscow they are the highlights of the ex-USSR IMO.
Because the major concern about IT is that really many people can emigrate if taxes are raised for them.
Even during soviet times Stalin was seen more critical (talking about post-Stalin Soviet Union).
* Second Maidan, of 2013-2014 - pro-democratic massive not so peaceful protests, called Revolution of Dignity
No, Ukraine is the only one not pro-Russian but they are a disfunctional state, at war with Russia and was previously hostile to us back in the 90s.
Same
NATO was anti USSR, not anti-Russia.
ITT: A few people claiming that because Ukraine deposed one leader for another, Russia was justified in invading, taking over the Crimean peninsula and the Donbass.
Wow
some plates are too weird shape for such racks and have to be stacked as in underdeveloped Western Europe
Now likely that they will be lifted even if there is a frozen conflict there, or at least gradually reduced.
Ukraine Tries Do-It-Yourself Military Upgrade While Awaiting Trump
I think Syria would be better with Assad than without him.
...that Finland used to be one of the Soviet Republics (within the USSR), and that's why some Finns occurred in Russian movies speaking Russian with an accent, just like the Baltic countries nationals
Last time I was there in 2017, I think, and family says it didn’t get better
As long as Russia is occupying Crimea we need more wide scale economic sanctions.
But, as a recidivist who committed multiple crimes one after another and considering his affection to hunting firearms despite the fact that he is not a hunter, now he has more sentence time.
If, for instance, most crimes are committed by 20-somethings, can we discriminate against youth?
Russia is on par with the extremely poor Kyrgyz republic
* when I want to use a word, but only remember it in a different language or I know the word in one language and feel the appropriate translation in the back of my head, it's like a ghost, but all the words I'm able to articulate don't quite fit the ghost shape;
from Razumkov Centre, GfK, etc.
It helps them pay for more than they can afford
"Got stuck in traffic". When our public transport is in traffic, several cars from the same rout might get bunched together within 1-2 km leaving the whole route waiting longer
You should not confuse the separate parties which are sponsored by the Kremlin for a possible nationalist image, and which have only a couple of percent of the parliament, with the Government of Ukraine.
I thought that Portugal was in South America
None of that is news to the Russian government, whoever it appointed to select the contestant, or the contestant herself.
Maybe the west did support the protester too much.
Yeah there is a lot of enthusiasts in Russia and Ukraine :D.
So actually not that bad but this system can't last too long and in 1991 collapsed
Also, Russian has many loanwords from Ukrainian which don't make sense next to other Russian words of different origins
How we are never going to give up on our country and will kill our enemies in spite of everything
I think raisins in general are responsible for many divorces
True, specifically for Ukraines case, but what I say still stands, conflicts creep up, politics can change quickly, it makes sense for there to be a deterrent if the scenario arises.
In fact, why not just put it on trucks?
bet they're shitting bricks right now.
But if Ukraine had been in NATO they would not have been attacked.
There are many relatively new cards now, but a lot of Soviet ones too
In Italy children always receive the surname of their father.
The translation reads like a document with first and foremost information and then all the decorative and emotional stuff that the translator chose to include
So this it what EU does to Good Old Britain?
The filling is meat with onions, salt and pepper
"Kolo" is something like a wheel or millstone, and "krug" is a ring, something bent to form a circle
After that, the Jihadist threat started to materialize more and all out war broke out in Ukraine.
Well, Ukraine did a lot of things to disrupt Crimea.
He hit the foam where eyes could see
140 ha with a yacht pier, an equestrian club, a shooting range, a tennis court, a private zoo, an automobile museum, a golf course, an ostrich farm, a barge, a dog kennel, and a private zoo
Kyiv in my opinion is a bit more boring, but of course it got a ton too see and do
we got in
I understand a bit of Bulgarian, but Slovenian and Serbo-Croatian are gibberish to me
Every predominantly Russian speaking Ukrainian has a lot of Ukrainian words, phrases and jokes in Ukrainian inserted in their speech
Dutch, Finnish, Hungarian
Lots of memorials and common graves in every town and village with those two dates:
In Ukrainian [the] order of [the] words can be changed in almost any way
Actual reason is Poroshenko visiting Berlin for some negotiations with Merkel.
Lithuania you are next and then Ukraine...
No, it's called *efficiency*
More to say, in 30's all pro-Ukrainian Bolsheviks were killed
You've got the ukrainian upvotes the moment you used the correct romanized form of Lviv
I have no idea honestly
Yes, a few people lump your people together with your government and that leads them to wish death on random Russians
yes, I just got inspired to write a lengthy reply about apples, don't judge, you'll understand one day
No need to be an a$$h0le, dude.
Btw, we only burned serbian churches because they represented the serbian regime, it had nothing to do with religion
I really like Russian culture, but current Russian government destroyed hope for post-communist peace.
So let's say we're looking at Syrians, Lebanese or Egyptians.
Ukrainian people are bringing proofs to the Russian Embassy in Kyiv.
Where exactly lay the borders of Europe, the continent.
\~ five years ago I liked to eat borsch with a ton of pepper or sauce in it where smetana just not fit in
This is the point I made about what is likely to happen in Belarus and that is exactly what happened in Armenia
Unless they're that kind of guests or really close friends that you've known for years, visitors aren't allowed to sneak around checking what's up
It makes public transport situation slightly better
In general, he has a rather positive view here rather than a negative, but he is criticized for union with Russia and someone also criticizes his alliance with Crimean Tatars (we weren't friends back in those days) - both alliances didn't end well for Ukrainians
After this he fired her and apologized to the Greek-Catholic Church.
You guys all just wait till Russia joins that competition
Russia chose to ignore the "legitimate wishes" of people of Transnistria for 20-odd years and South Ossetia's for a bit less.
From the picture it looks pretty calm.
But when the Greeks felt very bitter
Does that mean that Putin will be friendlier with him?
Even if you win you can't do much against a population that despises Russia, as it was proven in EE during 45-89.
My understanding is that the issuing of biometric passports you will be added to a central registry.
Trump doesn't know shit about Europe, Putin could easily provide him some shitty lies about how russians are being lynched in Ukraine and Baltics like they are doing all the time.
You can find the art [here] [here] [here] and [here]
That becomes a common problem
* Cossack state Hetmanshchyna, 17-18 c.
We already call it Czechia
And you can also filter per sector; for example, in Ukraine an experienced software engineer would be making around 2200EUR per month, which makes you basically a tiny bit short of a king (a very good apartment, 70 sqm in the center of Kiev will be 800 EUR absolute tops)
Germans	**3,5k**
However, we clearly understand it's a conservative shithole with outdated Soviet infrastructure and with mainly pro-Russian inhabitants, so integrating it with Ukraine will be challenging
So kurwa yes, Poland doesn't have monopoly on "kurwa".
(Ukraine was a sad wake up call that Russia's ambitions are not dead)
"Yep, this mountain on top looks nice, let's make this place our home"
Scandinavian vibes
Ottomans
But I got carried away again, I'm happy enough I was interesting
“Where are you from
And there also are villages (села), some of which have more than 1000 inhabitants
> I doubt anyone actually knows about the specific dialects we speak, like how different Bärndütsch and Baslerditsch sound
Definitely Russia
It's incredible
That and WW2 are separate concepts
good point about a single leader, they probably just didn't get their chance
Now many nation have some claim to them and we shouldn't really deny any of them this claim at this point.
You can actually fail on your way to achieving it.
none of us will in any way be affected.
Is it possible not to like cheese
Pretty sure we're going to breeze through the group stage with some impressive performance, only to be eliminated in the first knockout match due to some stupid possession loss around 89th minute of the match
The Russians downed MH-17, what was the point for Ukraine to shell the area during investigation?
She is tied to a trafficking ring(s) and is clearly "small fish"
It cannot be in both the Russosphere and the West.
Russians also formally say blagodarju.
What is the point of testing for  covid exactly if we don't have any specific cure for it
When I went to school, we had days off when the temperature dropped to -20C. I'm not sure what's going on now, especially during the pandemic
Potato - tapuah adama(תפוח אדמה)
I was later told that you pick up like 90% of what's being said - if the speaker is slow enough
Western Europe doesn't care about Ukraine
She looks like she's going to tie a weight to my feet and toss my ass off a bridge.
I think we all appreciate the thought, but you should stay put.
Is it true that they were handing out Russian passports quite recently to copy the situation in Ukraine?
A lot of officials face charges but rarely get punished.
Porosenko became president after Yanukovich (who was deep into Putin's asshole) and the Euromaidan disorders.
Meanwhile Russia, Ukraine, Belarus etc.
Polish is fairly easy to understand when spoken clearly and slowly.
In response, the other side decided to push back in some sort of counter-attack.
But it adds a lot of convenience
who are you to tell them they're living 'wrong' if they think it's fine
I suppose more drastic measure really are difficult when you don't see eye to eye with Ukraine's government.
You went far ahead and assumed Russia will get the Arctic.
Ever heard of Donbass conflict?
Mind you that when I say ugly, I mean in the sense of architecture, the only thing we can change.
Nah, that's old soviet trick - everybody who said that we are at war with Russia back in 2012 was labeled as "neo-nazi".
Russia is providing help, sure, but Ukrainian narrative has always focused on presenting Russia as the only military force here.
The fact that Azerbaijan is being considered before Georgia, Armenia and Ukraine shows that Azeri money is in the pockets of EU politicians(aka bribery).
So imagine working families that make tons of *pelmeni* to maintain their calorific intake in a relatively cold climate
And now such people are not free.
Ukraine is right to not stand down in this conflict.
siloviki competing for influence.
The west wont welcome Belarus with open arms, but Putin is likely to retaliate if Belarus tries it.
>But my friends (also fully bilingual people) protested when I tried to speak Ukrainian to them because they were weirded out by the personality shift
Lol bro, fairplay for admitting it
Regarding the 3 journalists from Ukraine
Lol, I didn't know that the word 'quark' also means cottage cheese
Nah, Russian and Ukranian dub are pretty good this days and go in four voices
If you remember the old Cold War you probably know what I'm talking about.
Crap
Wildfires, a good piece of Red Forrest are burned to the ground and fire was close to Prypiat . And as some sources claims fires were very close to the storage facility for spent nuclear fuel
How come that without resources and much land they manage to be so much richer than Russia or like Ukraine?
It's almost like a scenes from some crazy,  dystopian movie, except this is real
I think for those who can afford to travel go to/went to, Bulgaria, Greece, Turkey and Cyprus.
Or in Russian eyes we're same as Ukraine?
And he was not "given" control, he seized it by pushing the other warlords out of power, like Kakiev, Baysarov, and the Yamadayev brothers, the latter two were assassinated by Kadyrovsty.
Because Russia is notorious for it's inability to hold agreements.
Um, yeah, whatever you say, mate.
Why would you mix wine with mineral water
Now it's +2
30 here in Ukraine
I also don't think Russia could currently sustain the loss of face to lose Crimea
Funny thing is, some independent countries like Canada or Kazakhstan **still** don't have a separate country code.
When I was in the Blue Mosque I first saw an American lady tell her kids that taking of their shoes is unnecessary (she was standing under the sign that says it's necessary)
I own two goat pelts, I wrap myself in them when I go to sleep.
He is making deals with Russia, which is much more important for his security than dealing with the opposition
Is there any connection of the revitalization of the war with the visit of McCain and Graham to Ukraine, where Lindsey Graham told Bandera-sympathizers: "*Your fight is our fight.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but Trump said he won't impose sanctions for Syria and Sanctions about Ukraine will remain in power for however long.
He could have stayed in power with brutal repression.
To my knowledge, Russian/Kazakh/Belarussian elites have less competition for resources, so they can develop them, get their major share and invest the rest into growth.
That whole Ukraine thing was due too misinformed voters and the referendum only needing a 30% turnout.
_Soul and body, yea, our all_
Yea, maybe there are a significant number of experienced BUK-2 operators in Donbas and the Ukrainians simply abandoned their air defense weapons, or maybe Russia invaded Ukraine like Putin has admitted multiple times after lying about not being involved?
Europe is whole mountains comparing to the world average.
Ukraine is kind of a big country, mate.
it will happen sooner or later, independently of Ukraine's actions, but I can't understand how the result of all this can be considered as "win"
It's easy to come off as a good leader when you inherit a country with budget bigger than ever and a rapidly growing GDP.
Ukraine probably was preparing for WW3 it seems
Who knows
And Ukraine and Russia ganged up to help Transnistria against Moldova.
But as they don't give up remains of plane it will never be proven.
I would like to go to both Ukraine and Crimea and am asking if anyone has travel tips and so on that I can take into account.
Commieblocks are mostly grey, dirty, and need capital repairs
Please name a Danish leader that can claim as much.
You typed Putin twice, and forgot Dearest Leader of North Korea.
Just what did that transparent bullshit gain us in Georgia and Ukraine?
If he invaded the whole country in 2014, he would have created an Iraq in the middle of Europe.
All those "right" voidvoiships are now Ukraine/Belarus/Lithuania.
It's not an invasion force or anything.
The city is located on high hills right upon the biggest and most important river in Ukraine downstream was many rapids so to pass it you had to take your boat to the ground and move to a safe part of the river, what you can't do without the permission of lord who controls this land
.....and Georgia, Moldova, Syria, all border NATO countries....plus the two issues in Ukraine.
Some Polish music tends to sound weird to me.
They did and are rightly considered to be part of the problem.
And Belarus isn't even remotely close to us, we have no obligations in this regard.
/r/Ukraine has 6k subs, /r/Ukraina has 21k
Not after reading about it a bit, of course, but still.
Some argue that he is driven by fundamentally rational, defensive goals: NATO expansion appeared threatening and Russia is pushing back.
So the phrase *"throw it on my soap"* is universally and unambiguously recognized as *"sent it to my e-mail"*.
Guess, what's the song
Ukraine is an independent and sovereign country, and it's up to Ukrainian people to decide which trade bloc and military alliance they want to join.
Most of the news is about our "inner kitchen", but sometimes some key news from Russia  also present
Because the answers will be distorted by fear and fraud.
Belgians are just french swamp germans after all
People in the city were told to save up some water, just in case.
Water actually just dillutes a taste of wine, it does not make it go.
I don't know if it'd be correct to refer to PLC as Poles.
Also, it has part of Biloveža forest which is pretty old, i’ve never been there though so I don’t know if it’s worth or not
Which one
I think the word on his shirt is the message he would like to give us all
Russian regime hates word "conscious".
Well, it was my personal opinion.
Plus, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, there were Crimean parties fighting politically for independence, but they were all forbidden by the Ukrainian government.
Dictatorship 101: make people in your country care about elections of their neighbors, not their own.
Yeah, but "e" - "и" is a common mistake(closest equivalent is "ться" "тся" in Russian), but a mistake with word ending....hmmm...We get an absolutely different word with that mistake.
Ukrainian Insurgent Army collaborated with Abwehr.
Sure, the war in Ukraine is terrible, but it's nowhere near the Cold War level of madness.
You can find the art [here] [here] [here] and [here]
Im really tired of living with these fucking morons, even back in March i knew this would happen here and it did
Ukraine doesn't have Greek debt problem however.
She situation is Ukraine is a more akin to civil war, than an attack by a foreign state.
From my past experience, France should be white
Even if the Ukraine had been okay with the idea of Dutch soldiers coming to their country to fight Russia, which a sane government might not be, than still it would have been a very dangerous reaction.
Isn't an undeclared war a kind of terrorism too?
This amount looks like average Ukrainian wage
>silent sounds, like sz
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Serbia, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Ukraine, Moldova, Belarus..
Titushky - young people (athletes, gopninks e.t.c) that blending into a peaceful crowd or mob and then instigating a violent  fight between them which always lead to arrests of peaceful protesters  on the grounds of mass disorder; perpetrators were then used either as  "witnesses" of the committed "crime" or as "victims".
There are no shells landing there, but the negative feeling toward Ukraine is deeper.
In many slavic languages it was like that for a long time, you just unfortunately speak only English.
If you think the world will go to ww3 for Kosovo if we didnt for Ukraine, Syria your facts are pretty dumb.
* **KHAYAT** - a young folk electronic artist who also was on Vidbir to Eurovision:
oldest in Britain
Ukraine is also not part of the US for example but that does not mean that we were not willing to put sanctions on Russia.
Wow, I didn't even knew this existed
Russia will never return Crimea, but maybe more sanctions will get them to stop invading and arming "rebels" in eastern Ukraine.
What the treaty didn't include was an element that would force the US/UK to come to defend Ukraine in a case of a violation of the territorial integrity.
Songs in that language sound very cool
Not Ukrainian, but Polish with Ukrainian actors - "With Fire And Sword" (Ogniem i mieczem)
I was just speculating why some Serbs would support Russia against Ukraine and Georgia since that's what the other user said.
What are your thoughts on the current situation in Ukraine?
Because even for international banks which operate in Ukraine the Ukrainian laws and regulations are binding.
Extending British training of Ukrainian Armed Forces sends a clear message that we support Ukraine and remain firmly committed to its sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity, in the face of a more belligerent Russia.
[this was a residence of Ukrainian president Yanukovich] and Ukraine is much more poorer country than Russia with approximately same level of Corruption
Lots of people send money to them regularry.
Yeah, I for one don't imagine Russia going full war against Nato states.
It's like yellow snow, only gold water
In Ukrainian, similar to Western Slavic languages, we have a formal addressing "pan/pani" (male/female)
That's what happens when spreading misinformation and fake news is easier than ever
It was released atleast 9 hours ago.
Keep on going, and maybe one day you will be upgraded to Central Asia, or even Africa
Sure
The terms 'Russia' plus 'fascism' have been added together to create a new word in Ukraine to describe this phenomenon: 'Ruscism'.
She just took ukrainian orphan children and brought them to Russia without any permit - it is kidnapping.
It's okay, you didn't sound mean, more like rational :) I didn't see your flair when I was writing a response, so I can see why it was more or less perceived in a bad light
Yes, definitely, in fact my daughter was in one of them the last three weeks
I'd say it's either southern Bessarabia with all those ethnicities, or Azov sea coast, same
Then it's until 1939, I'd say
I didn't like him from the start, but most people loved him
Ukraine depot blasts prompt evacuations - BBC News
When i've been there back in 2014, it took me about 4 hours of walking around, and i still didn't visited all the corners - missed the Zoo and few other buildings inside the territory of the estate
Ukraine can do this, cut rest of the ties, start handing out weapon to the people, etc.
I suspect voting is largely based on showing you care about your neighbors, countries you frequently deal with, etc.
And so I suspect this person is not a native English speaker
Funny that we have the same ones meaning-wise, but the terms are different
Bullshit, find another reason - Greece is just as religious as Romania, with well preserved Orthodox church and traditions that weren't killed by communist regime like there, and yet quite more accepting of gays.
They are not “cool” at all
Unless you count everyone who decided to stay here and declare independence a "Russian invader".
And filling them with muscle limber
But damn, Maidan protests, the fight against the government and Russian tanks at the borders reminds me so well about the fight for independence in Lithuania in 1991, when the people (hundreds of thousands for a country of 3.5 million, and my parents included) went out to the streets to fight Russian tanks and soldiers who came to occupy the parliament, TV tower, radio towers with their bare hands and bodies.
President Zelenskyi and his party's electional campaigns
They mixed Persian with Jew
I personally like [this evil building] (IQ Business Center, Kyiv)
You backed out of
Hahaaha
"Eneyida" (1798) by Ivan Kotliarevsky
On one occasion I started replying in  Russian, and she said something like "why do you make me walk this  uncanny valley
From historically lowest unemployment rate to the biggest GDP growth (alongside Slovakia) in th EU, it's been an enormous success.
Ukraine gave up the second largest nuclear stockpile in the world in return for russian security assurances.
My ancestors lived in one of the regions on Volga and fled it because of Golodomor.
It's a provocation because the testing territory (where other nations' ships and planes are at risk of being hit by a missile) stretches, [according to this map] to as close as 10 km off the Crimean coast.
Well yes, but not all gun violence acts have dead victims
He didn't stay in Ukraine, he didn't go to Berlin, not to London, or to Riyadh, he went to his master.
I just had no idea what is the name for it in English !
Every time I ride those suburban or intercity electric trains where you don't have an assigned seat (приміські та міжміські поїзди), I wonder how a foreigner in Ukraine can possibly use them
For example the word for moustache - вуса (voosa)
Several issues with the map that I noticed:
In the west people tend to argue whether or not they can add lemons or other fruits to borsht to make it sweeter or soirer
about lgbt free zones
You don't always have to live with historical mistakes and you shouldn't, because in many cases they can have far reaching consequences.
It is not ironic, it is false what you are saying.
Well, I guess the winters in Arizona aren't that cold
We have many exciting things in our history
Russia is occupied now in Syria and Ukraine.
It's just Belgium users love to talk about that and first time I heard it, it struck me so much that I remember it to this day, so I decided to include this
Oh, so the current government of Ukraine is a corrupt mess after all?
Their civic organization and paramilitary are called Asker.
How do you think Russian elite would go about solving these problems if not for trying to blame it on others including fascist Baltic states, Ukraine or the West ?
Edit: apparently, some people thought that this is not a real story
Self determination does not trump a country's territorial integrity.
Poland manages its own border with Belarus, and Romania deals with Ukraine themselves...
Not bad
No one argues that Russia should have free trade and visa free travel with Europe, so why should a country as Ukraine be given these things?
Did it stop its poor masses from coming here to perform low wage jobs?
In the west of Ukraine, specifically in Galicia, maybe.
At least in Europe
The time will come when the current regime will pay for its crimes against the people of Ukraine.
Good choice
Ukraine and Crimea crisis, we started to boost our military so it would be above 2% so we wouldn't be a free loaders like the rest of Europe, so I'm pretty sure Trump is going to defend us.
> since a lot of Russians still come to Finland as tourists every summer
* when I vaguely remember the word appropriate to describe a particular thing or phenomena, but it's mostly gibberish; I wonder if such word actually exists or if my brain's just playing games with me
Now, USA has the biggest economy in the world, freedom of everything, rights, cheap cars, guns, good healthcare, education and so on.
That's very weird
That family has lived in Ukraine for over 70 years, that's 3 generations
100mbs for 5
Your country could help them much better by removing occupants and letting people return home.
There are good reasons for limiting the usage of a tool that can hurt people that easily though.
I\`m in college and im being told ancient shit instead of Computer Engineering
A lot of Ukrainians feel very similar about Croatia
Judging from Wikipedia sources, they basically did it because they could
The dish was apparently adopted to Siberia from Mongolia/China
We'll need to get back drinking russian toddlers' blood again
it will be spotted because the number on the internal passport does not exist in the central register.
There's also [pear, lemon, and orange] Zhyvchyk which also consist of ~1 ml of juice
Im talking about the British Crimean war.
It's kinda dark but I'd probably go with this one:
Major part of content on radio and TV is obliged to be in Ukrainian by law
Back when Aryans were a thing, most of these haplogroups were one.
Or maybe they are on vacation and want to claim Cracow is Ukraine.
Welcome to the club, buddies
It wasn't just mining either, most of the region's industry was geared towards producing goods for Russia but they were goods that just weren't good enough for the European market and the people knew it.
The ride was very comfortable, however.
Their "soft invasions" or whatever you would like to call them, in Ukraine have done little to get Europe to respond.
Their writing looks a bit weird for our eye
(I didn't experiment much as I'm a student)
Purely politically speaking, aside from the fact that's he's right: Man, he must be loving this, and wishing an election would take place a year early, so he could ride this thing all the way back to the Elysee Palace
Lithuania is a great ally :)
Lexical distance measures difference between words of given languages, not your ability to (incorrectly) guess past it.
My country is not in the EU and I would trust them more in every area of government
That also applies to Europe, North America, Asia and Africa.
Does that mean that network can legally vote?
Because you can't lock yourself in your room and just "enjoy the silence".
Court of Auditors unable to say how EU money was spent in Ukraine
Edit:grammar
On everything else the EU becomes so stuck in debate that its policy becomes do nothing.
Queue offended Poles commenting on obvious differences between Poland and Ukraine in 3, 2,
They must be up to something
For mischief he was more than mellow
In the latter case, the richer countries such as the Czech Republic, Poland, the Baltics, and the former Yugoslavia are not Eastern Europe.
There's a shared danger and a shared view of countering it.
Russian-Georgian 5-day war started, and it was obvious that the stream from tv sets is pure distilled urine.
I mean, praising UPA and all sort of hardcore Ukrainian nationalists is totally not a thing in Ukraine.
At least in Europe
Cossack period ( 1648–1775 ) - times of uprising, unwilling alliances, betrayals
I love Ukraine's, what does it mean?
13 so far: Portugal, Spain, Andorra, France, Italy, Germany, Poland, Austria, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, United Kingdom and Iceland
taken care of, and all we had left was poor, opressed workers.
I for one refuse to be sad when *any* person who works for the Russian government is killed by *anyone*.
But names of countries do not mean that a nation existed or didn't exist.
I don't know if it's the majority.
Quite laughable threat...."if Russia is pushed to fascism..." Fucking joke...
I grew up in Ukraine and that's what I've been taught in school.
Yes
Are you saying that Turkey and Ukraine are similar in the eyes of the average European?
Nice
Mussolini started off as a socialist before ww1
But if there's a grass strip or sidewalk, the cars just push to the sides until they both fit the width of the road
So daughters of some man named Oleksandr are Daryna Oleksandrivna (of-Oleksandr, feminine form), Olena Oleksandrivna, etc
It is looks like a case of what was asked vs what people thought they were asked.
Yes, wildlife is flourishing without humans there - wolves, Przewalski’s horses, brown bears European bisons e.t.c.
An example of an intransitive verb would be "to grow" as in "grass grows".
Even Youtube is dubbed, you wouldn't believe how linguistically apathetic some people here are
* O Clone (The Clone)
Waiting for state to give them everything
Northern Lights
With Shiites who had been suppressed for a long time and Sunnis who weren't going to accept second rate citizenship, while in the North Kurds were slowly inching towards ever more independence.
Building new relations is such a stress
and the EU finances nationalistic partys in Ukraine that are pro western.
What is the benefit for the Eu countries?
It sounds like someone is putting themselves in a position superior to her, and not in a respectful way
Wildfires, a good piece of Red Forrest are burned to the ground and fire was close to Prypiat . And as some sources claims fires were very close to the storage facility for spent nuclear fuel
Selling Ukraine (defensive) weapons allows it to build up a better deterrent to further aggression, and thereby saves lives, both of Ukrainians and of Russians.
Cukor = Цукор ( sounds like Tscukor, means sugar) in Dutch suiker; Дах ( sounds like Dach, means roof) in Dutch dak
**Notice:** Are you asking for travel advice about Ukraine?
When the area declared independence Ukraine met them with military force
For example, during the population exchange between Greece and Turkey, 1.500.000 christian Anatolians were settled in Greece.
you got saliva on your chin, use those 15 rubels to buy some kleenex
Despite the regulation that buses and trams can ride only 10 people per carriage, which obviously doesn't work
The case with the other 2 guys are a bit more complicated,they kinda helped with creating some Russian propaganda channels but it's kinda muddy since it was during the initial months of war when everything was fuzzy and some people didn't understand what's going on i.e they maybe were unaware what the channels they were setting up would be used for
Thanks for the opinion, Im sure you really care about Ukraine.
You won't beleive how many people actually took gossip that evil rebels sent train full of soldiers to Crimea as true fact.
the average Romanian doesn't really know the difference between Ukraine and Russia from what I've seen
It doesn't imply any want or ability to undergo a stupid attack against a France or a NATO/EU member.
"feel yourself at home but don't forget that you're a guest".
Have you heard of this place called Africa?
Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande call for new sanctions on Russia over Ukraine conflict
There must be a balance between having a mentality that your [country has no culture ie Sweden] and taking land perceived as rightfully yours ie Russia.
That's not exactly a popular proposition.
It's actually outlined in constitution - princely seal of Vladimir The Great (lesser arms) + [arms of Zaporozhian Host]#/media/File:Herb_Viyska_Zaporozkogo_(Alex_K\).svg).
Pretty sure a bunch of Poles moved there recently.
Do you support Ukraine, Russia, or neither
So if one were born during the Partitions, studied at a German university and fought the French they could never be Polish right?
Not brewing up to be Ukraine 2.0 I hope
Technically Ukraine is the mini-Rossija, but Poland is the European-Russia.
This conspiracy theory (let's call it so) has gained so much traction it even has a [WIKI page]
The war in Afghanistan is not a civil war just because we armed Tajiks against the ruling Taliban or now the ANA against insurgents.
If you knew russsian a bit and visited few of their major forums, you would realize that the only reason Putin is getting away with all this shit, is because people are supporting him
There was a huge opposition against binding Ukraine closer to the EU, at least in Germany.
You can buy around 10 flats in middle sized cities and rent them out 150-200 dollars each, and not worry about money anymore
Their involvement in Ukraine has shown that, not because they failed militarily (they essentially got their goals down in Ukraine.
Even today they sometimes get requests to help identify certain pieces of work from museums all over Russia which end up being those very same lost works - they are never returned even after establishing ownership.
001 nanopixel calculator smh
well they are in schools and kindergartens at least
let me clarify what i meant, i'm not saying they aren't, im not supporting Russia in any case, what they are doing to Ukraine is wrong on a very fucked up level.
Or at least not border Russia directly, having shitton of Russians already imported on your territory in past ages.
Overall, the city feels car-centric even with all the bike lanes
We also have specific channels that are like Fox news, so the pro-Russian people can switch to them and relax hearing the good old Russian POV
He's a close ally of Iran, perhaps Russia's closest ally.
Sad, by they will be disappointed again
You can always find a few collaborators if you've got an impressive enough military and rewards to give to those collaborators.
Over 100 peope were killed by (most likely although not proven) russian or prorussian snipers in the center of Kyiv, [it all began as a pro EU protest with EU flags] Now nobody gives a single fuck and Germany [still launders russian money] I can understand them doing it because we are just some scrubs from a 3rd world country nobody cares about, obviously, thats understandable, but i cant understand them being friendly with russians after MH17
I guess it's not really relatable to most of us, but I hope there's speakers of Maltese, Icelandic, Belarusian, Romansh, Luxembourgish, Irish and other not really common languages who can answer my question :D
Milan
But since articles in many languages show the gender of the word, we have 3 genders and most of the times you can feel what is the new word gender by the look of the word
>"the clock is ticking"
I've been to Croatia shortly and I felt that, you guys are super chill and the country is fucking beautiful ! <3
if it doesn't go well, write a book, then lets see how it goes
They are rather long but are very informative and come from a very credible and well established and respected author Timothy Snyder, who is a historian and a researcher of Eastern European history and the contemporary time.
For one, we didn't expect Russia to act the way it did with it's minority over here so it wouldn't be strange for us if you did the same to Bosnia or Croatia
The outright lies are common in Russian propaganda
The Iranian one, while still cool, reminds me of a penguin with a moustache that misses its head.
* with [potato and onions]
Ukraine bans Russia's one independent TV channel Rain (even Putin allows this oppositionist TV channel to broadcast in Russia)
- overall **national Renaissance**;
Btw, i can distinguish Russian , Ukrainian and Belorussian easily
It's flawless projection and deflection alike, and it sadly [worked too and had kept the West distracted for a time.]#t=47m51s)
I do acknowledge that the reasoning behind not having this is because a smaller country would be easier to manipulate or fight over, though.
Yes, everyone knows that your dad is an ex convict.
News articles: Europe vs USA
Better comms, logistical stuff, front line medkits, that sort of thing.
So I use both - depending on the topic
It's not European, rather international, but I **love** Burger King
[Interactive map of verifiable strikes]
Critics believe that it was written in the light of the destruction of Zaporizhian Host by the order of Catherine the Great
036)
So the EU countries would be forced to act.
I especially like rock version, gives it a new vibe:) I remember reading lyrics to Polish one and was surprised when saw mention Napoleon there xD Then read up about it,such a cool story
beef wellington though
Hell even I signed up for volunteer forces in 2014.
It's like asking when Ukraine will conquer back Crimea.
There is a significant brain drain of medical personnel as a lot of doctors and nurses leave for work to Germany but the demand is partially compensated mostly by nurses fom Slovakia and Ukraine.
I watched this sequence and I'm a native Russian speaker.
We're simple folks, no blood, powder or aquafresh for us.
Imagine that you're a young engineer in the Soviet Union, just graduate after university and have your first job
Armenian current leader came to power after their velvet revolution when the nation protested fraudulent elections won by the corrupted pro-Russian candidate
It's direct translation can be missunderstood
Because Ukraine simply doesn't have the infrastructure or the legal framework yet.
I went there to watch the IIHF hockey tournament in 2014.
Statistics fail sometimes :)
First, you hear the name of a (!) station mumbled through speakers
So if you're gonna travel to Lviv, you have to try it :)
Either IT guy or janitor
Russians and Separatists are more than they can handle now.
The problem is, of course, that Putin will be quite butthurt from such magic
The "reasons" will include such words as "geopolitics", "realpolitik", "buffer state", "superpowers" etc.
Actually, it tastes a lot like water-diluted carbonated apple juice
If you want to have a better experience, I don't recommend you to visit it on Friday / weekends or search for quiet streets and secret places
it's a desperation strategy if you ask me
Even at the height of Russian military propaganda in the summer of 2014 the large part of Russian population was not in favor of large-scale 'hot' war with Ukraine.
And it appears that many Ukrainians in the East have gone to Russia.
I wonder what this dude thinks about purpose of Russia if Ukraine and Georgia has no purpose..
With this statement I presume you believe Russia owes the Ukraine an apology, no?
Scary that it took the Ukraine crisis to have this investigated...
Why Dnipro, for example, is in ambivalent part?
Milan
The Old English text is a different story
Funny reason though xD
The policies enacted by this moderate government (by 1917 Russian standards) represented arguably the most liberal legislation in Europe at the time.
Poor Soviet apartments are roomier and have all the conveniences, but they often lack maintenance
> The name "Zaporizhia" refers to the military and political organization of the Cossacks and to the location of their autonomous territory 'beyond the Rapids' (za porohamy) of the Dnipro River
And I think story about Mickiewicz live and poetry are complicated.
>is an average Ukrainian fluent in Russian
NO and CH could easily join but they don't want to.
But, we have speed trains from Kyiv over here, and I did visit Lviv a lot for various periods of time :) Might as well come too if the timing is fine, I have relatives over in Lviv anyway.
She was professional propagandist.
Men have their traditional male chores back; they perform the regularly needed hard manual labor while women cook, clean, and care for children
This is excluding ancient Ukrainian and obscure dialectical words
Even worse with summers
And quality was so bad that they called those chicken "blue bird of happiness".
So on one hand Norway lifts sanctions against Russia, but then on the other hand they're afraid of Russias strengthened military presence.
Especially as he is still trying to expand the size of of the frozen conflict in Ukraine.
But he was corrupt, and Russia was telling him what to do, and more importantly what not to do, so he couldn't make the decision that would have unified the country...
Wait are they related to the Vaterlandisch front (sorry for butchering German)
That puts Romania in the Balkan region, as it's south of the Ukraine.
The BS is usually about how "Christian and patriotic Putin" is, how Russia never loses wars (yeah if we don't count Japan, Mongols, Poland, France...).
People created term "genocide" for reason and its definition initially included things with that Holodomor (and soviet famine) and even a lot of others crimes of USSR can be considered genocide, but USSR influenced it and we have current definition.
Look at Belarus, Ukraine, the Republic of Moldova, Transdniester, the Baltic countries.
Моя хата скраю, нічого не знаю (My house is at the edge, I know nothing) = I don't want to know anything [about it], I don't care
I never said it would give Putin carte blanche.
&#x200B;
Ukraine’s conflict with Russia is also financial
Yeah that seems like it could be seen as an invitation for more Russian troops to take vacations in Eastern Ukraine.
A simple "No, go away" would have saved the Ukraine.
I want those people here helping getting our shit together, but our stupid government won't hire anyone from 'the other side' of the political spectrum.
And it sent a fleet to defend Taiwan when they were threatened by China, helped Japan become a democracy, and is doing the same today in Kurdistan and Iraq, while fighting IS and standing up for Ukraine.
We need to use Russia's methods against it.
Today: for being essentially an authoritarian near-dictatorship, and invading Ukraine.
I know ukrainians have done some bad things to Poles but i don't think there was a time where we had much more power than Poland
Or pledge to current one to implement required changes.
As you can see I am from a country that has revolutions every 10 years, so I guess you can believe me that we love our freedom
This is not true for many countries.
"Russian salad" is used only abroad
Ukraine's rapprochement directly contributed to today's situation in Ukraine.
Ukraine is a divided country and has been for a long time.
Ukraine should just join EU like ČR did.
Yeah, and Russian citizens including professional military just went hiking near Ukrainian border and got lost
Undoubtedly, his family's quality of life has increased on infrastructure side of things.
I like how no one in this sub gives a shit about Ukrainians dying in semi-frozen conflict with involvement of Russian military.I just want to remind you that around **600** of our people died during this year in an undeclared war.
The Dutch government decided that that would represent the opinion of the people and would be the compromise that would make the EU and Ukraine happy.
Hypothetically if Scotland votes for independence, then that is one part changing borders for the entire country.
For example, here in Ukraine you can buy a box of matches for 1 hryvnia, a small bag of crisps for 10 hryvnia and half a kilogramme of cheese for 100 hryvnia
I think he meant "уебан", which is Russian.
There is no real alternative for them, two types of thives only considering current political landscape.
You "make the oaktree" or "throw out the shoes" or "glue [together] the flippers". No biting
And your number about Russia are only if you take Oural as the limit of Europe.
So again, step out of your safe space for once
Trump would need to have some monumental victories on the world stage to get that kind of support, like single-handedly ending the wars in the middle-east and brokering a peaceful resolution in Ukraine, as well as pulling away from China.
I guarantee Trump had to google "Where is Ukraine" when he heard he was going there.
They should censor them until Russia accepts Ukraine as it's own nation.
It's so the people have a stronger democratic voice over matters that they should be able to voice their opinions more strongly over, none of that Ukraine referendum bullshit.
And there also are villages (села), some of which have more than 1000 inhabitants
If Russia cuts something, it will only cut its supply to its European partners stipulated by contracts.
And don't get me started on the spoken Bulgarian...
it fits pretty well in mnogokhodovochka
A betrayal of Ukraine will be seen as a betrayal of the whole Eastern Europe, and just in case you wonder, we don't have short term memories and limited attention spans.
For historical reasons, most Ukrainians are fully bilingual (with one of the languages being the primary one)
Not a city, but
And [this is] a more general image of *titushky* on duty
Why only Western European countries?
No, you didn't read about their torture camps and rendition program because they're not trying to hide those in a free society where the press and whistleblowers can expose them.
Ukraine specifically said that they were never ever gonna ask.
Not sure about Russia, but in Ukraine it is somehow extremely uncool to wear a seatbelt.
Yes, I know, but it could still create instability.
Im slightly triggered by the format the chose to advertise the city.
Croatia is our Balkan brother
To some degree this is already the case, because until they threaten Western Europe, reaction from the EU and Europe in general has been quite minimal so far.
Нахуя дохуя нахуярили? Расхуяривайте нахуй.
Your link says that even after Germany argued against it in 2008, the Ukraine was promised membership in the future.
A lot of people in central Ukraine and Kyiv considered it as the one to be voted for, but after Sadoviy started talking about religion and support of church many disappointed in the party and in him personally.
Not only greeting but also when you go
2 times
Or 24h McDonalds for cheap, filling and not messy food
Right now someone is explaining to Trump where Ukraine is.
The main goal is to understand the defining characteristics of different periods and the social/historical/political/philosophical/scientific basis for them to emerge
Vienna - Відень (Viden')
Those who relied on Russia (metallurgy or heavy industry) suffered but Russia made many of those regions unlivable anyway
who create in local language), mass arrests of folk artists etc.
Guys, inform yourself on the situation before you start blaming Ukraine.
I can't really think of one city on the left bank that isn't known for being ugly
They're given work visa and get shit jobs that polish workers won't do.
The same plural/singular pair exists for jealousy - revnoshchi/revnist, but the singular revnist is very rarely, if ever, used to mean jealousy, and mostly means diligence
I agree, next time he can run out of luck and SSU can't save him
how is life in parallel reality?
Ofc the weather in autumn/spring could vary a lot sometimes, but you should already know it :)
And yet [this] is okay to call russian territory and nobody argues.
They are also a people who fought two revolutions over the past decade for a Western way of life, both against a corrupt elite and against a regional hegemon.
Out of the pair zazdroshchi/zazdrist the singular zazdrist is a lot more common as the equivalent of "envy".
And order of words to important
I'm livin in 3City in north so Norway/Sweeden is just close, dunno what are other destinations (i'v heard there's a cool route to Odessa, Ukraine)
No, they hired ukrainian researchers from the Kyiv-based International Institute of Sociology to do the polling on their behalf.
There are many modern scout-like camps too
In what way
No, I sound like caricature Russian from a bad movie
See, I've never heard the term Hitlerism, while I'm sure it exists
Western Ukraine is great, one of my favorite travel destinations.
The sidewalks are often not very pedestrian friendly as people almost never use them.
Because there is the Russians in Ukraine?
For many citizens Russian is first language
The Dutchies weren't really against the association treaty; the result of that stupid referendum had a lot more to do with internal politics than with the Ukraine.
This website gets millions of views daily and only needed 400k signatures to force our government to host a referendum.
Tell me how is this story real?
Looks like they are already raiding this subreddit.
No arms were supplied to Ukraine during a time of crisis and his comments about Brexit made quite a few people angry.
Again, I don't know the actual number, and don't presume to, but didn't express doesn't mean they didn't support.
Apparently they were protesting against the war in Ukraine.
>"the clock is ticking"
The war in Ukraine has been rumbling on for years now.
Plus trade was opened up more shortly after that, too.
Difference being that Saddam invaded Kuwait, bombed Kurds with chemical weapons, fought Iran in a hellish middle east version of ww1, threatened to destroy Israel and Saudi Arabia, did some really barbaric things to his own people and generally kept doing war crimes and destabilizing the region.
But don't act like the US wasn't involved in the ousting of your autocrat.
And i was wandering why it became less crowdy in metro
Wow that was dishonest framing.
c) please
Even when Russia used military they didn't go full war, they preferred a frozen conflict: Transnistria, Georgia, Ukraine.
Maybe about Immigrants from Ukraine.
Potato-cheese vareniki with sour cream and fried onions...
Because Ukraine wants to be in the west,not wrh your beloved fascist
For me, it's not that hard but is for people, who didn't study well or for foreigners
> To be honest, whatever the result it doesn't look like much will change
My colleague had gone to Stockholm a few weeks before us and told us Vasa wasn't really all that interesting and we could skip going there
I remember reading a story about them
He still has troops in other countries that he does not want to admit that are Russian (Ukraine, Moldova, etc).
By not allowing small nations being fucked over like Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine are?
Hey
I was under the impression that it was regular ole folks not just right wingers.
Now that the Syrian war is almost over, Russia can focus more on Ukraine, whoever thought that Russia will stop its war in Ukraine was at best naive
So if you're gonna travel to Lviv, you have to try it :)
Russia was using the unstable situation in Ukraine, temporary absence of leadership and the element of surprise when annexing Crimea.
*"We should try both Russia and Europe to help the process of securing the unity of Ukraine."*
“[Get out of here, robber] “
Thank you, we should be fine with Russia's support.
Contitutional Court of Ukraine accepted our school law as Constitutional
Militarily, Ukraine has zero chance of dislodging Russian troops from the peninsula.
We want you to have Moscow back.
Those bastards invented flying bikes
Not only I but also other people have noticed that emotional stuff is less gushy in English
My uncle, who speaks ukranian/russian/english, took a trip to some caves in Croatia
When new generations of kids, who wave seen only war grow up.
Romania has Inna, a pop singer.
Well, you seem to be more knowledgeable about Russophones than I am, so I guess I'll just admit I'm wrong...
Oleksandr Kolchenko is spending a 3rd birthday in Russian prison for opposing annexation of Crimea - Human Rights in Ukraine
Serbia is a known Russian ally and hosts Russian troops on their national day.
I'm totally for Ukraine joining eventually.
We don't eat it everyday, but you will sure see it quite often (especially when drinking)
Higly educated are welcome in any country I think, but there is many many blue-collars from Ukraine in Czech Rep.
This guy gave testimony against Yanukovich and generally speaking "talked too much" about Russian intervention in Ukraine.
Otherwise the comment by /u/19me is spot on.
Saudi Arabia is literally imposing a famine on the people of Yemen.
And yeah, our matches are strangely cheap, no matter how low our currency gets
I wish i had a countryside place to live, people around me keep ignoring the quarantine, dont wear masks, public transport filled with people, my city is in red zone now (thats the maximum 'oh shit' level of zone possible), our local hospitals already 60% occupied, our local mayor said literally ignore the quarantine and forget about it, despite the city being in red zone they don't close anything, even the night clubs still open and filled, all because they have local elections in a week and all the candidates roam around the blocks and gather people to listen to their pre elections bullshit, each one of them didnt' even say a word about how they will fight pandemic
is to blame,is from a descriptivist point trying to shift the blame/make stalin a scapegoat
So we trade Ukraine for Libya then?
I wonder if there's any correlation between our low government spending and the 3 million Romanians that have left the country since 2000.
Crimea had been Russian for hundreds of years before that.
"Best weapons eva', ask Ukraine!"
But what about TrashSmash
Ohh, so paczek is a polish word, this is so cool
Now, I prefer simple borsch with smetana
Still, I'd say - in your example - человек является разу́мным живо́тным.
Can't believe Fillon is so high with scandal.
Nah, Ruthenia sounds much cooler
I live here, I talk to people who see what's happening.
Inflation hit you guys hard, I guess
I've considered skipping it and adding more days to the Ukraine or Berlin.
That's high praise from a country that invented Oktoberfest, haha
In the article, the reason they gave for blocking it was that protecting Georgia and Ukraine would have been "an unnecessary offense to Russia." Germany and France are now freaking out over the possibility that we might sacrifice eastern europeans for Russian friendship, which is the same thing they did, twice, not long ago.
Russia should be a friend to the west Saudi Arabia is the real enemy.
IX-XI: Kievan Rus
More foreign
*shrug* /r/ukraina is at 26K subs.
Wasn't the Moldavian SSR originally part of Romania and not Ukraine?
**Article 1**
> How are the radiation levels
We know Ukraine has had pretty bad leadership and the country is definitely not a success story.
Not everyday of course, but it's standard thing to see at holiday tables and as закуска during parties
It's like some people have learned from history that superpowers have the tendency to wave their dicks around and that the US, while imperfect, isn't really all that bad in context.
Although, I like "breakfast, dinner, and supper" more than "breakfast, lunch, and dinner".
Serhiy Zhadan  - Voroshilovgrad
what would be the point of the lunar base
Well, they got royally fucked by history, poor sods.
Thank you for listening to the abridged history of Russia
We say Pfizer (easier to say), but pretty much everyone who’s been following the news knows who actually created the vaccine
with 5% of their GDP put in defence, and burning through foreign reserves.
Those were the words of Vasily Stashuk, Ukraine's top irrigation official at the time, who resisted the blocking of the canal.
After it's been warm (+25 C) and sunny for several days, +15 C doesn't make that much of a difference
I hope, they will fignt for their rights and resist until building the pipeline through territory of Ukraine, Romania, Bulgary, Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Czechia, Poland and finally Germany.
I don't think we will ever stop eating it
a Scottish backed government gets into power, does something Scottish people agree with which pisses off the English, so there's a violent coup d'etat to enforce what England wants and then we tell the Scottish they can't leave the UK whether they want to or not and proceed to do whatever the English want because they're nearer to parliament and thus better able to hold it at gunpoint)
So when i asked people i know after "referendum" what did they vote for and why i got mostly same answer - they voted for Russia to be safe.
Ducks, goose are pretty common
I guess the film "Jak rozpętałem drugą wojnę światową" was (is?) a popular movie in Russia/Ukraine at a certain point of time, wasn't it, confirming the "psheki" perception?
They are issued from a central place.
Either stop acting smug, or show some solidarity.
But the pronounce is weird imo
It's actually huge sometimes
I once drank too much tap water, because didn't have bottled with me, the next day I was in a hospital with appendicitis
Surely you're not talking about the one next to Muscovy
The first thing the so called rebels must do to fulfill Minsk agreements is to return Debaltsevo under UA military forces control .
It's nice to hear that at least someone loves Russia, Belarus and Ukraine!
That's a pretty simple idea, I guess.
According to Wikipedia sources, the architects just wanted to diversify the district with some sort of an "architectural dominant" and came up with this
This attitude is EXACTLY the goal of Russia.
Only for Russia, Ukraine and Belarus you have to carry a passport.
* Dissidents during Bolshevik's occupation of Ukraine
Ukraine shouldn't have banned her after she was made to represent Russia.
- infrastructure development, technological development
Friendly people, good food, culture, Ukraine has everything to offer.
Crimeans have been voting for independence consistently since 1994 (excluding the vote they did immediately in 1991 when it was decided they would join Ukraine).
Despite promises of reform, nothing has been done.
Who is going to go in, with guns, throw the Russians out and tell the Russian majority population to be good citizens Ukraine?
But when it comes to public transport, heavy snowfalls is what creates extra traffic, not the cold
I wouldn't say it just stopped in 2014 - it had been slowly diminishing through the 2000s. Now we have equal amounts of news about Russia, Belarus, Poland (which is significantly less for Russia)
Or he can delcare his autonomous plot of land (that for some communistic decision back in the 1956 de jure belongs to Ukraine) as independent.
>Tschusch
Crimean gold must go back to Ukraine, says Dutch court
I guess it might help with potential businesses travel though.
Another reason would be the pure comfort of having just socks/light slippers on, but, judging from this thread, it's just power of habit
Meh, at least he made the Russians burn down Moscow.
Ukraine was a failed state in the first place
As for your question about phones and gloves, I've come to appreciate half-mittens, when only the tips of my fingers are not covered with the mittens
It takes longer to drive from Seattle to Miami, than it does to drive from Portugal to Tallinn, Estonia.........dip your toe in the water, then drive to Warsaw.
Oh because people over on /r/mapporn get genuinely upset when someone calls HRE, Holly Roman Empire.
Well, there would be no Russian intervention in Crimea without illegal Western-backed change of power in Kiev and no Russian intervention in Donbass without full-blown civil war that had to be stopped by someone.
Berlin (AFP) - Germany on Monday criticised as "unacceptable" Russia's decision to recognise passports issued by separatist rebels in Ukraine's eastern regions of Lugansk and Donetsk.
To my knowledge, neither of those are present at the moment.
Thats just nonsense, of whicj Ukraine is exhibit A.
Sure, what's a province or two.
If they agree to better relations that means Trump will just let Russia get what they want.
Gaining accent might be hard, although I'm not sure
Their argument was "there would be no Ukrainian artists to play". And you know what
I'm no Russia fanboy but it's the same with the monthly news snippets about 'Russia forces on East Ukraine border'.
Surprisingly we describe the middle of nowhere as city of Kryžopoľ cause it sounds like bent arse
We're just happy we get to be a part of something
Looks like Ukraine isn't going to honor [its pledge to celebrate diversity]
Is it a new stereotype for Ukrainians - to move to Poland
Barely anybody knew about her existence in Ukraine before Russia announced they want to send her.
If the arrests are related to a Islamic extremist organisation, the authorities will surely be able to prosecute them for terrorism or apology for terrorism without the need to put them in mental asylums.
This is not only proof that the soldiers without official marks were russian as suspected all along, but also that the invasion officially started on the 20th of February.
We are all brothers with one language and one culture
[Boombox - Your Number/Ivy] (2nd part is using lyrics from a 19 century Ukrainian poet, probably the most known Ukrainian woman)
That's why, firstly, Avakov, minister of internal affairs, sent counter-terrorist unit to deal with those "green men".
There were some talks in our politics that Crimea also should be cultural autonomy of Crimean Tatars after the de-occupation, but I doubt that will become possible even when the peninsula will be free
We got you, fam
That's a fallacy, I'm not saying he should protest but proclaiming Slava Ukraine, and then saying that they should know because they are poles is something entirely different.
It still was
It's very good keep them on frost
"We were only following orders" - very handy, the favorite excuse of concentration camps personell.
- language quotas, decommunization, decolonization;
A muo (memorandum of understanding) is not the same as membership (which a vast majority of Ukraine was against until someone kinda invaded them and annexed a part of their nation) and installing an anti-ballistic missile system.
Unlike downshifting, these are not fun and ecological activities - they're genetic survival mechanisms
Oh thank you
I know some people who now live in Italy but that are born in Russia and Ukraine.
Moreover, it wasn't about "saving" Europe but conquering Europe, which we can even observe from Eastern Bloc
Fun facts
Who cares is Russia annexes Ukraine?
Phew, glad they didn't include:
On North Korea, he also had almost nothing to say.
Oh no
Also for Ukraine it's not really offensive too, since this area is the origin of the whole "Rus'" and "Russia" name, which later [was hijacked by Muscovites]
Everything facing the client, whether it's a service person, a menu, or a website, has to be in Ukrainian by default
Something really drastic would have to happen in EU-Russian relations for Ukraine/Moldova/Georgia to join the EU.
I'm not european
Old Church Slavonic is a dead literature *language* which belongs to the established subgroup of South Slavic languages and has written examples, same as Latin
Russia participated in ruling Ukraine about the time yanukovych came to power, so it's only fair.
From the rest of the world it's Japan, but i don't know why, I don't like anime or Japanese food, but I'm in big love with Japan
This variety is rich in iron and can be stored through the whole cold season
I didn't know that [the Great Patriotic War] that started in 1941 wasn't exactly the same war as WWII that started in 1939
Each language that uses Cyrillic has its own phonemes represented by the script
If what you're caring about is Ukraine becoming a more open, liberal, and EU-friendly country, then the best thing to happen is for areas like Crimea and Donetsk to break away.
Ukraine corruption and Russian aggression both on table at EU summit
Has everyone forgotten that it's not the first time Russia has invaded someone in modern history?
The newest term is "*тітушко/titushko*" (plural, "*тітушки/titushky*") - thugs hired by different political forces to either pacify or provoke protesters, or pose as them to create a negative social image (within the country and in foreign media)
As if any sane person in the world denies that it is bad to have good Relationships with Russia.
One word, you definitely can't apply to Ukraine is "boredom"
If you are just walking, then you will not have many dangerous situations, especially in Western Europe.
If you are into nature, mountains and castles - Carpathians is a way to go
They can't even seriously push into Ukraine.
Trade with us or we'll annex one of your regions and send thugs+army into another two.
He migrated from what is now Ukraine, if they were ever in central Asia it was much earlier.
We should have gone full embargo, full Internet hacks and special ops a long time ago.
Honestly, they don't have reason to be involved, except keeping peace on their borders
In reality though, 100% of Belarussians will speak Russian to native level and Ukraine won't be far behind (many now chose not to, but that's a different story).
Not even Europeans lmao
I don't like it
"Let's build NS2 to celebrate" - Germany
If the EU doesn't care what happens to places like Ukraine I don't really think that they will care what happens to Poland either.
That's illegal in my country, but shops rarely follow this law
Ukrainian police has Toyota Prius as its main car
OMG, at least read or ask about subject before making conclusion and spreading false narrative.
But most people don't have 4 guns and criminal past with plea bargains for hate crimes and storage of illegal ammo.
you are just used to nonsense and lie of your media and don't find it strange.
Usually it is said after something brave is done
nice to see that russia found it's way and proudly walking it.
Mentality wise, every country that has never led an expansive war has something similar to Ukraine, so we can understand each other better than with former empires and owners of colonies
I google translated this so I'm not sure if it's the right translation but it was about a Association Agreement (associatie verdrag) for Ukraine.
We will send our army into Ukraine and Syria, and hack the US elections.
Fuck me, Poldark is in Ukraine as well?!?!
I'm just curious if there some comparable data to make such a map for 1600 and 1700
Do people actually use bikes during winter months?
Back to poverty in 10 years
Leeching wealth from Africa, Asia and New World, isn't it obvious?
It's berezen' in Ukrainian, bereza=birch.
We have a country now
For these languages, punctuation is almost as important as grammar, especially for a linguist or journalist, etc
Am I taking crazy pills
It is, of course, a bit more complicated than this but narrows down to Russian or European path of Ukraine.
It's as stupid as comapring your political opponents to nazis/commies.
Definitely English
Its due to Russia's invasion that Ukrainians suddenly became very nationalistic.
mhmhmmm
Ukraine said five of its troops were killed (six wounded) Sunday in the bloodiest clash in months.
Ukraine has such a nice passport.
[This] is the original Russian invasion claim
You [are] right
Definitely Russia
And 1 that watches after these 3 smartasses
As you may know, we generally don't like Russia
Hungarians **151k**
I understand, people are busy and a lot of politics is boring and difficult.
There are many of them because of us being ex-soviet country
Hitler liked to kill homosexuals
That's not political instability, that's called democracy
Googling people before you meet them is creepy and just straight fucked up
Everyone helps ones, who they see most like to them, which is virtually how empathy works, we empathize more with the people who are more similar to us as we are more likely to put ourself in their place.
It does not have a nuclear deterrent, and did not fall under any other countries nuclear umbrella.
[Bandura] , [Kobza] [Trembita] and less known [Torban]  and [Buhay]
I am from Kharkiv
They've been meddling in Serbian politics for some time now.
Ethnically Russians for the most part, but still Ukrainian citizens.
To be clear: The works weren't stolen, they were borrowed from museums in Crimea.
This is our alive meme, song about erotic things
As someone from Ukraine I can tell you why that is — we live in a shithole, with horrible conditions, politics, bad healthcare and no prospects in the near future.
Is there a YouTube video on this or something.
And I plan to see it again after quarantine
ebön :----DDDDDDDD
Sometimes they try to be a bit more subtle - the British Army Rumour Service (arrse.co.uk) website has it's own pet Russian apologist called KGB-Resident who claims to hate Putin yet almost invariably parrots the Kremlin line eg over the Malaysian airliner shootdown over Ukraine or the doping scandal.
Everyone knew this shit would happen.
She is banned not by eurovision or some politic's will.
Yugoslavia and Ukraine were countries once.
In modern world it means that the only true guarantee of sovereignty is an ability to make massive nuclear strike which will throw humankind back into the stone age.
**The moon** --> *"місяць/misiats'"* masculine
Who's fighting whom in the currently active civil war in Ukraine?
It's rather paradoxal that, unless my geography is wrong, Ukraine's most productive agricultural region seems to be the more hilly western region than the central and eastern plains.
You are not serious, aren't you?
By meaning how far, you are talking about 1864 and even 1914.
Same azov and right sector that saved Mariupil' from the actual fascists
That's the very basic knowledge
Moreover we have deep historical self-determination and common history and strong national identity.
To Lithuania and other countries who help us during our rough times
FC Copenhagen had to play in Lviv against Dnipr and people wanted it moved outside of Ukraine because of the war.
Poor people only do the bare minimum: fix wallpapers that peel off, fight fungus, paint over yellow stains, and place buckets if there's a leak
He can become another good Russian now for all I care
Here is [the one in Moscow] You are welcome
It's especially visible in foreign policy - for example Belarus considers Crimea as "de-facto Russian", while officially not recognizing the referendum and the resulting territorial changes, and being very friendly with Ukraine.
Anyway, in this show he was so humble and democratic he was using a bike to get to work instead of the usual luxurious cars politicians use
Since Friday evening there's been constant heavy artillery fire in the distance, it's pretty scary.
Before 2014, when the conflicts in Crimea and eastern Ukraine happened, I almost never saw any military whatsoever, except for the occasional parade on independence day.
Or maybe thats just Illinois for you.
I want to clarify who is Bandera for Ukrainians.
We had some problems in the past, but now we are BFF
Usually, cats
That's a lot of garments
You want evidence, you want explanations?
NATO agreement *directly states* what would happen in members should come under attack.
I usually have no problem blocking paywalls with AdBlock, though I need to do it several times as they often have multiple layers
As far as getting around, I would highly recommend buying train tickets online.
So, in recent years many people in Ukraine started importing used cars from the US and discovered that many of those cars (not only cheap, even premium brands like Lexus) lacked service like oil change (it seems like instead of every 9000-12000km the oil is changed with the engine), brake servece, transmission oil, etc
Hacking the Democratic party (and most likely Republican party as well) and the list keeps going.
Source:
For short-distance communication we usually use one of the two:
The only alcohol problem I have is when the beer section in my fridge is empty.
"Where's your warm hat
Russia had to declare boycott the moment Ukraine won.
Ukraine considers Crimea a part of it's own country.
better go to Poland or Czechia to find a job instead
Russian propaganda likes Brexit.
For real
And quite a Cossack for a lad,
From 1775 Crimea is part of Ukraine.
As long as you spend some asshole Euros, you're going to be welcome.
Ukraine and Russia are both playing it.
There was no widespread secessionist movement before the invasion, and most seccessionist ideas were spreaded by russian military base
So apparently he never actually said "bigly".
Jokes aside, looks cool
Basically, when human activity ceased, animals returned
At least for me, the room is anything that is not toilet/bath/kitchen/balcony/corridor
The largest flag, the largest vysyvanka, the largest varenik, the largest coat of arms out of plastic bottle caps, the largest crowd jumping, the most recycle bins painted blue and yellow.
It’s a frozen conflict zone
There is a trade off between security and economic efficiency.
There were "wild" Cossacks beyond the rapids, they were militarised like, say, Rajputs.
Yeah, that's a good point
Russian Pro-Embargo Lawmaker means almost any lawmaker, Russian Anti-Gay or Anti-Putin or Pro-Ukraine Lawmaker describes way better who he is.
Focus on internal matters is needed in Russia.
Also, Ukrainian police uses Skoda Octavia and Skoda Rapid
I've been to Belarus this summer and they are pretty much satisfied with what they have
Aside from Albania and the Ukraine aren't they all in varying degrees members of blocs that the UK is leaving?
Especially not when it has 20 trillion dollars of debt already.
During a diplomatic visit the president of Estonia [presented him with a bike] We appreciated the trolling
Polish is Russian Latin-German, Serban/Croatian are Balkan Russian
For a person who has a word прст in your language, you treat too hard on vowelless words
This mock-heroic poem is considered to be the first literary work published wholly in the modern Ukrainian language
The question is whether there was an actual occupation by Russia in those regions.
I haven't seen Russia do much to Europe but since brexit nigal farage and his team have been encouraging other right winged parties all over Europe to leave the eu and hold their own referendum.
We like Belarusians on average, but understand their political situation and peculiarities of their mentality
Everybody who disagrees with this great message are fascists
Russian City To Host Pro-Trump Demonstration
You know, things like: Ukrainians butcher Russians to eat them, Ukraine has no right to be on its own and so on.
conspiracy theories aside: because his videos didn't create the upheaval he was counting on, while he needs to maintain pressure to stay relevant
I like being arrogant, deal with it (alone!) or leave.
lol pretty sure if Putin controlled the Polish government, he'd have them annex western Ukraine and take the eastern half for Russia
Our national team won gold in synchronized swimming
Later when Eastern Europe was already in NATO and in EU, France and Germany blocked any initiatives for establishing permanent NATO bases there.
Wonderful day for running
People working in the industries that could take advantage of the shift (IT services or export-oriented ones) are benefiting immensely
he's clearly in the 4th and 5th propositions.
Pigeons are not consumed at all
Recognising any other sort of referendum would be very messy and give undue legitimacy to other "referendums" like those in Crimea and Eastern Ukraine.
Edit: how [google pronounces] it using my spelling
A lot of the things sild were then resold for scraps to other European countries, or were altogether scrapped for metal.
I live at exactly 50
It's just a plot to make Ukraine give up more land without fight and to make Ukrainians lose their fighting spirit.
Hard work, simple food, serfdom, songs, the language - the usual ethno-lingvo-culturological stuff
Use whatever nomenclature you want.
fuck everyone knows
Also there is a movement to rename Western Ukrainian cities back to pre-soviet names (like Ivano-Frankivsk back to Stanislaw, which makes sense since Franko lived in Lviv his entire life anyway) but the people those cities are named for now are usually much more popular and reveared in Ukraine so I don't think it's going anywhere
We might have less terrorism overall, but it's more evenly distributed across the continent.
Since the level of income might be dramatically different, people tend to be careful
Unfortunately, we don't have separate lines for public transport
It was written in pretty natural order
That's true that since 1990-ies the cockroaches almost extinct
But that was a kind of a tactic for partisans from Red Army command, there were only orders for doing sabotage and raids for killing the enemy manpower
This means there may have been a [social desirability bias] in favour of giving an anti-Ukraine answer.
This is all stretching muscles that they likely don't have.
Could models of multilingual countries like Belgium or Switzerland work in Ukraine?
Thats why Kiev didnt use to really give a shit about Crimea or its population which led to them remaining overwhelmingly pro-russian, much more so than the population of Donetsk or Luhansk.
Jesus Christ this picture is so unbelievably Eastern European
Ukraine has no interest in fighting this war and wants it to go away.
Russians are constantly rotating their professional units in and out of Syria and Ukraine.
"Revolutionaries", right
Thus hurting themselves as much as US.
It means "If somebody didn't hide, it's not my fault"
I don't remember what or when it was, but there was a wave of jokes that people couldn't wait to watch Swan Lake
I'm not sure how reliable such an investigation is.
I would not be so sure they are worse than the previous administration.
Sometimes this old terminology stills leaks out.
> Russia in place of Ukraine
There is a country between Romania and Ukraine that I never noticed before.
Crimea goes back to Ukraine default
Our language is indeed very interesting and even with my mediocre high school level knowledge of it I can't stop talking about it once I start
* all of the above
Are they speaking on Bilorussian or rassian speaking sheeet
Only old people were enjoying folk performances in parks and on TV
We have a similar tradition in Ukraine
Newer buildings with apartments for sale often have completely stripped concrete walls and floors with a few wires here and there ([like this] but there's a metal door, and windows/balconies are insulated with plastic systems
Moreover, SBU watches Russian TV 24/7.
* Escrava Isaura (Isaura: Slave Girl)
* Muñeca brava (Wild Angel)
What's up with all this irrational fear of Russia?
With respect, you are wrong IMHO, its not from old to the young.
They had several inadequate actions, and lost people's support.
Well, I guess we have a bigger and more experienced army.
I don't see why being out of the EU would have been better, but I personally never understood why the concept of a single currency is so attractive.
I agree, next time he can run out of luck and SSU can't save him
Well russia did its part so far, Ukraine is not following through
Gamarjoba
Now, I don't quite remember the details, but it had something to do with Yanukovich disallowing Ukrainians to receive EU visas to work in Poland and Hungary, therefore alot of people in Western Ukraine couldn't provide for their families anymore, so they predictably ended up on Maidan.
I biked all over the country roads all alone at that age, in a mind-numbingly poor and undeveloped late 80's Ukrainian countyside
Most of the things you're saying are not wrong, but saying that Russia would not attack Eastern Europe this soon after Russia attacked Ukraine..
Ukraine 130 is technically correct but useless information since these 130 are allowed only on one 18 km section of the road between capital and main airport
They live off the working class
&#x200B;
It was snowing only for a few days in all winter, 3-10 C°. And it's "definitely not" the climate change
Now answer me: what did you do to the sky in Saskatchewan
And looking back historically we can't help but see you guys as something similar to Russia
He quoted some fakenews anti-ukrainin blog on that, but after he said that thing HE was quoted around Russia in the headlines "Polish Politician confirms that Euromaidan was organized by NATO".
Yes, as for example:
Hell no
So what you're saying is Bulgaria and Ukraine have the brightest futures?
I even not know what here to write
Especially Ukraine and Russia lol
Putin signs executive order recognizing passports issued by Ukraine's rebels
That's exactly what Ukrainian flag represents.
Another Ukrainian word is "*коло/kolo*" (circle) which is the root for Russian words like "*колесо/kolieso*" (wheel), "*кольцо/koltso*" (ring), "*околица/okolitsa*" (outskirts)
Ah, alright
Russia is targeting French, Dutch and German elections with fake news, EU task force warns
The first trailer came up right after Frozen, and Mavka had the same "frog eyes small mouth" design as Anna, Elsa, and Rapunzel, so there was come comparison to Disney
25 Ukrainian soldiers were killed in February in East Ukraine in the attacks by separatists and Russian forces.
Nah, both Belarus and Ukraine had dozens of thousands of red partisans (Belarus more than Ukraine), so USSR clearly had some popular support.
Also de facto Russia has control over Crimea, not Ukraine.
I like how this thread is full of hypothetical question about Russia's response, Ukraine's solvency and generally how bad the idea is.
Are there ny news/opinion in Ukraine about us?
(as you understand that's not what he can do, especially in premier-presidential system) But people who're watching TV likes him
The Nuremberg trials didn’t recognize the Abwehr, unlike the Sicherheitsdienst, as a criminal organization.
Of course, it is
Not considered high end but also definitely not low end.
So should Ukraine become a pro-russian banana republic like Tajikistan ruled by fat corrupt oligarchs, which do nothing to develop the country and spend their time with stealing.
Another option for a Ukrainian princess is Anna of Kyiv, Yaroslav the Wise's daughter
There is no convincing you fascists that nobody is irrational enough to want military conflict with Russia.
That's some pricy cinnamon powder
What is this "Belorussia"? Just out of curiosity
35 mil Ukrainians should be easier to handle.
Just post "I am with you Ukraine" and maybe a little picture of their flag and move on.
Orban (Hungary), Mattarella (+ Prime Minister Renzi for bonus points) (Italy), Higgins (+ Taoiseach Kenny) (Ireland), Hollande (France), Poroshenko (Ukraine), and Zeman (Czechia).
Same thing with winters
Well, like who was so "smart" to think that air show over crowd will be good idea
*"Яжемать/yazhemat'"* in Russian (means "but-I'm-a-mother") - a woman that validates every stupid action and opinion by her being a mother
Do you have a website where you can see all the applicants to the university in it?
If they won't listen to anything else, then a threat to national security might just be the thing.
Russia can't stand up to Europe.
But yes, the US pumped huge anmounts of money into Ukraine.
Ukraine, Kyiv
Well, the Baltics may be the most exposed NATO member states at the moment but at least they have a land connection to central and western Europe - which can't be said of Georgia (whose only "connection" to NATO territory would be through Turkey and I don't really see Turkey as a NATO member for much longer).
Contemporary Ukrainian maps are just the opposite.
Cyborgs
* Decent subway
I think pastry and imported fish was something only landlords got to try
Ukrainian
I think it's obvious to everyone, that Russia won't let them easily.
Wasn't this also true for Ukraine before 2014, though?
The difference in wealth between Poland and Germany is smaller than the difference between Poland and Ukraine for instance.
"You guys sound like you are always fighting each other"
Now it is being reinvented in a multitude of styles, is definitely a hip thing to do, as other aspects of the cultural revival that slowly started with the 2004 revolution and really took off after 2014, with some of the performers going international, something absolutely unimaginable back in the 90's. So to answer your question, yes, definitely
Thanks for sharing,don’t remember that
Owners of radio stations got butthurt because they played low-quality Russian pop music and were fine with that and didn't want to change anything
), the forest was still vast and looked the same everywhere
Hell no
It doesn't help that Moldova is so thoroughly corrupt and poor that it sometimes makes Ukraine look good by comparison.
So no, they have not stuck anywhere.
As a side note, old royal titles can get ridiculous
Yes, this is how I like it
Some people are slightly ashamed of their helplessness abroad, so they come home and put some effort into English
* [the nature nearby]
These are piecemeal efforts at best.
Yeah, it's rather derogatory
Long run but we'll make it
That is also why there is little support for anything more than letting Ukraine trade with us.
It will hate all who are stronger than them, and despise everyone who is weaker (like Georgia, Ukraine or Baltics).
The most important thing as for me is awakening of national spirit and a start of active national identity development
* Cossacks and haidamaks within Rzecz Pospolita
that was 2+ years ago i changed my mind.
If it's true, we just spend more time on it
Doesn't matter, deport them to the country thats willing to start wars for them.
And it's my mother tongue (+ constant immersion in the culture).
Relation with Russia might change depending on wether Fillon gets in place & if Trump leaves Syria/Ukraine/sanction.
Both cheap labor and competition are good.
I was talking about Ukraine
The only way a change in government would lead to an end of sanctions is when it also comes with a change regarding Crimea and Eastern Ukraine.
And this isn't going full retard.
Figured it'd be America or something.
Lol, we do it the same way, and i thought everybody else does this to
The cash flow from Odessa's customs was stopped, and now this pig wants his revenge.He feels untochable, and we all hope see him in jail, when politics will change.
We already call it Czechia
More stories like these, and not just "I'm a French-Swede-Brit and I like when French, Swedes and Brits are together!"
Money you'll get anyway
Kyiv city also has somewhat special legal status, e.g. it doesn't report to a governor
As for your question about phones and gloves, I've come to appreciate half-mittens, when only the tips of my fingers are not covered with the mittens
Although Austria and Hungary,they were the best out of all the oppressors
Part of the EU aid to Ukraine (and to many other countries) comes in the form of budget support, meaning that you transfer some money to their budget, for example to help them raise salaries for judges and thus (somehow) reduce the likelihood of corruption, or, in the case of Ukraine, you help them cover the huge deficit caused by the war in their east and the loss of Crimea.
Metro games have Ukrainian as language option, but they're the only ones I know
If Poland is central, then Belarus and Ukraine are western eastern, making western European Russia central eastern, was my thinking.
>Titushky were employed by the Yanukovych government with having reportedly 200 hryven' to $100 per day in payments
oldest bridge in Paris is called ["New bridge"]
[blue shows countries I've been to]
Russian is some 2% of world economy and their science always was "worse" than economy.
Nope, I am tired enough with the inner permanent political shitstorm and I don't want to dive into another one
• 1708 - 1709 (Mazepa Uprising against Russian Empire)
**Daniel of Galicia** (King of Rus)
The point that Ukraine seceeded from the USSR without regard to the constitution of the USSR and is now expecting Crimea not to do the same thing relative to Ukraine is a fun one though.
How is that bad
Same goes for us
But don't forget that reckless bolsheviks ruled your country for almost 50 years and mine for almost 75 years
And we wanted to spit on Your sanctions.
Right wing parties are not even present in the Ukrainian parliament and this are some stupid criminal kids, who are powerless and get hyped by Russian and western media.
Traditionalist often means 'traditional' gender roles (non-egalitarian).
i dont remember anyone saying Kievan Rus did something wrong expect collapse
The Concept behind the EEU was to improve relations with the EU throu Ukraine...
Yeah, everyone does
The next day he abandoned his post and ran to Russia
Yeah Ukraine got screwed over hard by the West and especially the huge shoft in US policy.
Залежить від слухача та вимови того, хто це речення буде озвучувати.
and what this has to do with Russia claiming Eastern Ukraine?
As the matter of fact he eventually became Putin critic and whistleblower.
Ah, that is why NATO says that russians help to fight rebels who are against Assad and bomb them instead of ISIS - because Russia fight against international terrorism and is not a source of terrorists itself like in Ukraine .
In fact I'm surprised it's so small, I thought it's like 4M or something
You can bet Russia never would've invaded Ukraine had they kept the nuclear arsenal they inherited from the USSR.
OK, I can accept that, though Syria was a French protectorate earlier, and an Ottoman one before that.
Nikki Haley, US representative to UN: 'Crimea is a part of Ukraine' (TRANSCRIPT, VIDEO)
I think the doll symbolizes winter
Porn sites, school books ( subject called "health basics", not very effective) and of course life(
Also:
From Portugal to Ukraine these "traditional clothings" all superficially look kind of similar.
I believe that's because Russian influenced urban Ukrainian a lot - and Russian is much a gruffer language
When it comes to **Poland** it's really hard to tell, we have many different sources that tell different story.
And of course blaming others for what you think they think
It appears that Scythia refers to parts of present day Ukraine, Russia and Central Asia.
Moreover, they work both ways, meaning that states with a large percentage of exports to Russia are being economically hurt.
We want to live in freedom because differently from many in the West we know what is slavery.
Oh wow, apparently I didn't notice that Russian troops were *legally under a contract* [aiming at our troops.]
[future husband takes mother in law for a ride in a cart]
Never understood why you hate the Danish
Does Putin count
The UNESCO states art should be returned to the sovereign state where the art came from.
holy shit they actually have some common sense left
he's mixing stuff up, confusing the Don Cossacks and Ukrainian Cossacks.
Ukraine exists as a state since 1991, no controversy there.
Norway has parliamentary elections.
Any amount of cheese before a date is too much cheese Charlie
UK literally chose to do this by vote, it was not some politician's decision
*Angry Italian noises*
Stop spreading lies, Budapest Memorandum, unlike article 5, doesn't contain an obligation to defend Ukraine outside the UN SC.
But it looks interesting
Lol
Expecting people to run around with Russian flag is Kiev - that's ridiculous.
Hence, the Ukrainian law banning people for the visitation is plain ridiculous.
I think Porthos was supposed to own this in Three Musketeers (he had de Pierrefonds as one of his last names)
troop deployments are decided by Congress.] And Congress voted 98% to supply Ukraine despite Obama's opposition.
So e.g. if someone stays overnight, they're allowed to feel themselves at home, use the shower (gels, shampoos, etc
Export Ladas are better than ones that were made for domestic (Russia + post-Soviet countries) market
Every time I dealt with your government we paid bribes.
And you can't use it on a medical scooter, so they have no use for it
but someday they will join the EU.
Some want to become Russia
I'd like to exchange my Lada for a Ford Granada
What scared Ukraine’s ‘sex tourists’ away
* Decentralization of goverment  - more money now stay in regions
Second of all, forbidden how exactly?
Pension Clash Looms as Ukraine Opposes IMF on Retirement Age
Better now, then never
Yes west created mess and let them alone (nothing else could have been done in both cases after russian reaction.) Why certain western states thought it is wise to ,, support,, anti russian politicians and do crazy irrational decisions and that Russia won t react is unvelievable.
This is the third or even fourth generation
Majority of Ukraine is also anti-Russia, yet you're occupying their territories.
My geography is not as good as I had thought it was.
Are you going to tell me Crimea or the Ukraine are not located in Eastern Europe?
Republicans in nature do not like Russia and do like NATO.
Whatever its moral merits in the abstract, it has had little practical merit.
Plus they haven't made any concessions in Ukraine and are even at good terms with Turkey now.
Thank Putin for that
It's very good keep them on frost
* Grand Dutchy of Lithuania, Żemaitia and Ruthenia
"Of course from Russia it is way more obvious what is happening on streets in Ukraine"
Russia simply chose to let the Chechens sort out their own affairs and recognise the victor.
"Colour" and I got some points taken because the teacher said so
Donetsk, Ukraine
And a couple hours before that what now is Greek flag was a battlefield between red and blue
* My personal favourites, **YUKO**. They take authentic folk lyrics and mix with own original music
A lot more criminality would have remained, like in the 90s.
I used to watch my dad play them
They became independent in 1991, splitting off from USSR, a union controlled by the Russian state.
Even more then the Western Balkans, Moldova, and the Ukraine.
Are we sure that  Switzerland exists at all
It seems to me that Ukraine is just trying to use history for political purposes.
Russia will keep Crimea but it will have to stop support the other fighters in eastern Ukraine.
Everything that is shown nowdays, is in line with the pary's line.
Ukraine and a lot of other countries would now say Russia instead of USA.
Him staying in Germany would absolutely undo his previous work while also killing off quite a lot of protest momentum (they wouldn't happen in the first place)
Well I think we can agree on that Crimea ethnically is russian.
Probably salo
They were unsafe when new Ukrainian government send troops to interrupt anti-Maidan protesters.
That money could be invested to better places that are actually right here in Europe.
That's among the main reasons we don't want to have anything in common with Russians.
Germany OTOH is the main Russia supporter in the EU both financially and politically
EDIT: for those who asked for sources - this article could be a good start
The Russian seem to be running a tight ship air campaign and Ukraine has so far been a master stroke.
Should they have sent on-duty FSB serviceman with insignia and ID?
Sad, but it can be rebuilded after all
People in the West installed telephones and bought first cars while the East was living in dugouts.
October, April: below 15
The ballots were printed on simple unprotected paper.
In Ukraine she is known as Dr.
Ukraine hasn't existed as a state until 1991.
You never know what exactly the person in front of you knows, have they been to the US themselves or if they have relatives there so they know stuff secondhand
Are you aware of the fact that Y-chromosone haplogroup are passed down through men and not women?
The data is a bit outdated
Narrative depends on the teacher and it's moved a bit lately for obvious reasons
Something, something military aggression, something peaceful Russia...
Japan doesn't like us very much(39%) either...
In 1917, Mykhaylo Hrushevskyi thought that People's Republic of Ukraine doesn't need an army (even thought there was a possibility to create a big, powerful army)
Annexation of Crimea, war in Donbas,  treating us like we are theirs little brothers, stealing and rewriting our history and much more
Portable missile systems (javelin etc) long range artillery (swiss make really good mods) and german tanks is where it's at for conventional warfare like what's happening in Ukraine.
Well, with Moscovite eyes, *horilka* and *salo* as usual.
Yeah, it would be a political suicide NOW.
I'm proud
Russia hasn't shown any goodwill towards Sweden or our neighbours since their illegal annexation of Crimea and their invasion of eastern Ukraine so this softening of the tone from Sweden will only further embolden Russia and their criminal agenda in the baltic.
It should also help the poor countries improve their economies and implement democratic reforms, improve the education in those countries.
* Rosa salvaje (Wild Rose)
You speak as if Ukrainian state one day decided to start ethnic cleansing.
Ukrainska Pravda has pointed out that there are very large numbers of members of two national minorities who could also, while living in Ukraine, find themselves stripped of their nationality!
> USSR exists
We should have kicked it out years ago, but corruption schemes on gas deals were more important
] a door*. Same in Russian, *открыть [что?] дверь*.
What costs 0.50$ in Ukraine, costs 2$ in Poland or even 3$ in Czechia (prices are random as I have no idea how much cigarettes cost in any of the countries, including Ukraine).
Back to poverty in 10 years
The median wage in Poland (€526) is almost twice the median wage in Ukraine (€284), Poland's GDP per capita PPP ($26,499) is more than three times that of Ukraine's ($7,987) etc.
Basically, they're the newest step in gopniks' evolution
Ukraine is getting royalty fucked.
'Murdered' Russia journalist Arkady Babchenko turns up alive
It's like he never lied or spread disinformation in public before.
If Russia wants to build settlements in Ukraine why not just let them annex the whole of Ukraine and make Ukrainians citizens of Russia?
Should have stuck to democracy or pretended too at least
How is Russia invading Ukraine going to affect France?
* [Semerenko] - they might look like Granny Smith, but they're much harder and much sourer, not very juicy
Everything in this pic screams "Ukraine" to me (especially the beer).
I know that it may be an exaggeration but you never know
This must be banned worldwide
Земля (Zemlya) - female
Yes, but those political alignments don't exist anymore.
without this will, it's just a piece of paper.
&nbsp;
As for society view, most don't care
Georgia has one of the lowest crime rates in the world.
Yeah, without Russia, Ukraine will be in the EU overnight.
Imagine how powerful the explosion in the comments would be if you included the flag of Kosovo
It would be a good idea to setup a protest camp, where people take shifts - it sends a stronger message in my experience, and it will be easier to gather people there at any time necessary
We got it in 2016, so a lot of people have a passport and not ID card
Oh I know where it is, but when we think of Ukraine now Crimea the first thing that pops to mind.
I was however under the impression that most of those currently migrating to Poland were from the peaceful parts of Ukraine, and mostly leaving because of economic concerns.
Until it turns into Ukraine 2.0
Most Dutch people didn't even know about the treaty with Ukraine until after it was completed.
I love this
Belarus will continue to be a Russian puppet
I do agree about it looking like Eastern Hungary though - areas of Romania with Hungarian minority also look the same
Maybe not a lot of people in the West care about Ukraine, but a lot of people in the East do, after all, we were under the same curtain and know Russia better, it has done similar things to us too, and we relate to the Ukrainians in a way that the Westerners don't.
Go take a history class before taking such stances
if it doesn't go well, write a book, then lets see how it goes
We are your neighbours yet you didn’t even mention us, greetings from Transcarpathia, Ukraine
I was later told that you pick up like 90% of what's being said - if the speaker is slow enough
The Donkey King is one of his newest nicknames
Poland is catholic, how is this not wesern?
And there I was looking for alternative tree ideas
>If anything my comment is more about 'saving' us from violence than it is about 'saving' them
Which clone exactly
I might be biased in describing the situation because I do support the opposition
If polls were absolutely reliable, then e.g.
I'm increasingly starting to doubt that just voting is a good thing.
This conflict has no long-standing diplomatic solution.
Do the Polish people really want Ukraine in the EU?
That's "Потеет", folks
Especially Ukraine and the Northern European countries.
Absolutely, Ukraine has been moving to the west for a long time.
I had to leave after riots in Odessa.
What the hell are those white spots on Ukraine?
Edit: the writer/politician who said it was Vynnychenko
Citizens of Austria were also [asked] if they want to join Germany.
I'm afraid to say that the smaller nations will probably suffer in the meantime, including my home country, Serbia.
I live in Lviv
And I am not ok with that and their "post irony". [
Bulgaria is also doing well developing, but to a much lesser degree.
When was the last time you saw some actual updates on the Baltics, Ukraine or Turkey?
Which one is at war with Ukraine: United Russia, Russian Federation, Putin, the russians, or KGB?
Thank you, come to the dark side
We don't have international banks, only Ukrainian banks that are owned by foreign banks - Paribas, Raiffeisen, OTP, Sberbank.
Yeah, but not a word about the aggressive ultra nationalists from Russia who took to Ukraine to destabilize it and take chunks out of the territory...
Ukraine is **very much** misrepresented here (as usual).
Cold - -5/-15
And the thing is there's always been great Ukrainian artists, media owners just were lazy or prejudiced against Ukrainian to change anything
In Ukrainian Czech Russian Polish Serbo-Croatian Danish/Swedish Dutch English German Spanish/Italian
Those bridges ruin a what would otherwise be a beautiful view.
Everyone in the World is corrupt.
Unfortunately there are too many naive people in the world still believing Russia and whitewashing its dictators
Funny how reddit seems to point otherwise.
Welcome
Because the majority of Russians want to discredit the independence of Ukraine as much as they can.
Let me guess, as soon as Ukraine joins the Russian Federation.
Not from anywhere, because you really don't want ukranian education system
You give him a finger and he takes the hand.
See Ukraine, Crimea, Donbas and Russia.
Serhiy Zhadan -  Orphanage
Please, pay more attention next time you are going to kill Ukrainians" - the understanding Europe
is awful but he doesn't have any power.
Drinking coffee in sauna
Here's a map of ethnic Ukrainian [population] and the lower right portion still remains within Russia despite being more Ukrainian than some other parts of the country like Crimea (which was Tatar not Russian)
We have many exciting things in our history
And hell knows how many on round two.
Putin knew this, or he would not have been so bold.
We have other countries that have never claimed this "brotherhood" with us but acted as allies, which is a much healthier relationship
I know they are doing it to cement their claim to Crimea but unfortunately it's just making them look like the bad guys.
As far as I know the government didnt really change things that much after 1991 so all of the state-owned stores and buffets with foods my parents reminisce about are all still there, it’s kinda cool
just as calling a strip of land in Ukraine "Moldavian SSR" then claiming the neighbouring region.
Dogs live in more desolated places like industrial areas, but they often can be heard
> The USSR and Russia are very interchangeable,
That's how they justified the Ukraine attacks: protecting Russian people.
Unless you're comparing Russia to Ukraine, or Belarus(lol), then they're really not average.
In case of new difficulties inside the country those oligarchs will probably choose again.
Do people ride on roads on such bikes
No lockers, only backpacks only hardcore
The only ridiculous thing is that I was obliged to get education in Russian in Ukraine, not in Ukrainian which is Native to me and the official language
We are all well aware of the fact that Ukraine started an offensive.
We should have let Ukraine, Moldova, Georgia and Armenia into NATO when we had the chance.
We have shitloads and its awesome for the first day and NY after that its a nightmare.
Ban her, Russia spins anti-Ukraine agenda.
in a wealth redistribution scheme
It doesn't, not independently from US anyway.
Yes, after you finish the tree you need some practice with native speakers, and while you're at it, you get a job and a place to live
I hope she stays there and when Ukraine (hopefully one day) retakes Crimea, she'll be held hostage.
Sure, the war in Ukraine is terrible, but it's nowhere near the Cold War level of madness
Plus as I know Russians prefer window cleaner and anti-freeze.
It was written in pretty natural order
I can show you a video of a guy walking around Crimea for like 20 minutes nonstop asking Crimeans whether or not they prefer Russia or go back to Ukraine.
Although all dogs in my area are neutered and have an ear chip
From the other side, Kyiv is surrounded by a deep forest full of animals
It basically solidified the reputation of FIFA as one of the most corrupt organisation in the world
And if you ARE doing something, then I can add nothing except "Best wishes and hold on"
Then the albanians in Macedonia and perhaps Greece.
Grammatically patronymics are adjectives (I guess
Some economy/business gal if i am not mistaken?
You know how every parliament has a few inconsequential clowns who say outrageous things to stay in the spotlight, but otherwise have no influence?
Ukraine cannot get then back because it would only escalate the conflict and force Russia to openly support
Is window cleaner like meme in Ukraine?
They *wanted* to take down a Ukrainian airship, it was a *coincidence*, not and accident, that it was not
Essentially, you use them as a borrowed truck
In fact it would feed into his narrative.
Russia has already proven to be able to nom nom nom parts of Ukraine or Georgia.
Lo-Fi Map of Europe
Yes Ukraine accounted for 20% of the GPD back in the day
* *"fart"* (luck)
I was speaking in regard to foreign policy.
So here I am, happily learning German
Actually, sanctions are a good response.
Dating sites, sexy ladies, IT immigrants, Crimea, the funny ukrainians working in a polish factory video and Eastern Ukraine/Russia skirmishes come to mind.
This singer in a wheelchair is invading Ukraine?
Apparently Russia and Ukraine also have similar type of neopagans overdosing on bullshit.
There weren't rains for at least 2 months and now it's the revenge time for the clouds
We are cautious about Russia and we talk about it sometimes, but we're not "literally shitting our pants" like some foreign articles make it seem like.
No man,international law doesn't work like that at all,russian parliament can say shit,if it was up to then they would cancel Ukraine
I had the same problem for the longest time ever
Seems fair enough given Ukraine refuses to accept their candidate.
Same goes for the coup d'etat in Ukraine which brought the accession of Crimea to the RF and the war in Donbass.
So if you go somewhere high in the Carpathians, you'd have to make due with the least intelligible version of Ukrainian language possible (it sounds interesting though)
In terms of city names most became much easier - Dnipropetrovsk to Dnipro (which everyone was using anyway), Dniprodzerzhynsk (which was a goddamn nightmare to pronounce in any language) to Kamyanske
;_;
And what about Ukraine, doesn't anybody in France care for its sovereignty?
Must the EU buy the US chicken so that the EU could sell their cars there
It takes many months of professional training by an actual army, and it's a team of people, so it was Russian army soldiers in a Russian Buk
were the only world power, then they would obviously step in when Russia would try to invade a country that is on the brink of switching to a pro - West government, right?
It's very easy to plant the seed of hate and destabilize such a weak country, ideal to make it a puppet to mess with Russia.
To be fair, not everything there is garbage.
Sometimes the script is modified or enhanced with more characters/diacritics to represent the phonemes better
**In Aleppo**, let that sink in.
Do Finns pour water on stones in sauna
It's a whole different story, Ukraine was the biggest Russian ally in the West of the country, the majority of Crimeans want to be in Russia.
Do you think war in north of Italy wouldnt affect the whole country, it's economy, politics ect?
I just wanted to clarify that it's not an accurate translation, although the most common one
*Thanks opposing to him oligarchs who took power in Ukraine
Including all added ingredients.
It doesn't operate on the free market.
Do you know what it means to be someones bitch?
And Ukraine is not part of NATO, nor part of the UE.
The war in Ukraine will be a disaster for Russia.
Can your girlfriend not apply for a visa?
Countries like Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were invaded purely because the Molotov-Ribbentrop act gave the USSR freedom to do so and because of the nazi's breathing down their neck made them feel compelled to do ASAP.
They first made a law meaning "any foreign court has no power here, HAHAHA FUCK YOU".
This is where Air Support comes in.
All foods from your first list are very popular in Russia and, I assume, Ukraine and Belarus.
Depends on the region
With that small difference that there have not been any presidents of someone attacking Russia, although Russia created it's enclaves in Moldova, Georgia and Ukraine.
But that's strange, why did it happen
Can't say it's fully economically autonomous, but the budget of AR Crimea is present in the budget system of Ukraine as a separate branch
There are plenty in Western Ukraine that use Ukrainian as the main language.
No one cares about a village in eastern Ukraine, but some madman waving a gun in front of the Louvre catches the public eye.
(sending much more so, entire tank brigades to the rebels whilst Obama blocked the US from sending as little as light artilery pieces)
* "but-I'm-a-mother, so I'm a more complete woman than those other non-mothers"
Russia stirs shit in the Baltics, Poland and Romania.
Well, like who was so "smart" to think that air show over crowd will be good idea
But the maze isn't meant for you.
They represent Z93 clades which are not categorized yet and need more testing.
I'm just saying that I don't think we'll see a huge increase in tourism from Ukraine.
Ahhhhhhhhh put a sock in it
This Europe arm needs one more Italy to jerk
Ukrainian and Russian languages are extremely similar: they share a lot of words, rules, the way sentences are constructed.
Also, last two years' winters were not only snowless, but also dry, so plants had rough years afterwards
Lviv tops list of the cheapest holiday destinations
Not truth, I am well aware of the corruption and it is reported about quite a lot compared to the coverage Ukraine gets overall.
President Donald Trump's call for better relations with Moscow that has alarmed Kiev while the conflict in its eastern region remains unresolved.
You're doing everything to lose any friends you have left.
Sanctions should be piling up until they retreat from Ukraine.
Ukraine is culturally much closer to Western Europe than Turkey.
nuclear weapons, high weapon expenditure.
Very easy
Not the best launch in a new market
But it was governed by Russian Bolsheviks from Moscow
Baltic countries
Putin’s desire for a new Russian empire won’t stop with Ukraine
Also there was an idea to return to the original Yelysovetgrad but that's again way to many consonants in a row for Ukrainian language and sounds odd
meanwhile the only side not interested in Minsk is Ukraine.
I'm assuming the artifacts originate from Kyivan Rus period?
Also:
We have other countries that have never claimed this "brotherhood" with us but acted as allies, which is a much healthier relationship
Hmm, I'd say there is no way that nuke could *not* be delivered on target.
It may not seem like much, but it actually serves quite good to the point where you may find yourself not really in dire need of AC
As a member of d66 I'm opposed to this.
Ukraine is not going to do anything while Russia and so-called rebels do not comply with the agreements they signed
There is a war in Ukraine, unlike in Erytrea, Gambia or Sudan.
hey, the distances in occupied territories aren't that big
You mean occupation of Eastern Poland in 1939 by polish-soviet
I was really surprised to find google have been pretty thorough with my city in Ukraine, i mean they even have my home and i can see my windows on the 8th floor, the fact they drove here to the small yard with  dead end confuses me, like why, they need to make like 3 turns from the main street to get here, i was probably just chilling home and totally missed a visit from google car, fascinating and kinda creepy too
Only with the collapse of the Soviet Union the Crimean Tatars were fully pardoned and were able to relocate to Crimea again hence their loyalness towards Ukraine.
If you don't mind answering, do you also have two different subjects or is it one holistic World History curriculum
> Me too now
Sure
Ukraine can put 500-600 tanks into battle.
Ukraine's not gonna go "well you annexed part of our country and caused another part to be completely devastated and controlled by separatists but I guess it's ok because you don't recognize their documents and they don't use your currency".
For us, the best-known person from the Wiśniowiecki dynasty is [Dmytro Vyshnevetsky] Jarema is usually viewed as an enemy coz he was against Khmelnytsky, but the role of the main enemy in this war definitely belongs to Mikołaj "Bearpaw" Potocki
Also, they gifted Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV
Funding for civil services such as school have all but ceased, and no one wants to be killed, let alone by neighbors or people who claim to have their interests at heart
With a similar "outcome" of 99.73% in favour.
Yes, but such thing as Ukraine didn't exist back then.
Not because of this, I just choose whatever variant of word I like more
So they accused Belarus of betraying Russia and the dream of a new USSR.
Overall, the city feels car-centric even with all the bike lanes
Well, he's not really in the spotlight anymore.
[The Doox - Колискова \(Live\)]
Well, Bandera and UPA are controversial, and it is not like Poles in Ukraine were innocent angels, either.
Right now, it would seem, the fighting is somewhere close to the local major water filtering station, which both sides agreed to leave alone about a year ago.
We're talking about cultural appropriation
They know trump will do nothing to help Ukraine and the EU will be just "hyper concerned" so they are attacking Ukraine
Kievians probably, but if Rusins?
Uhh, we have a saying for that, "While the fat one is thinning out, the thin one will die of hunger". If it comes down to being killed off by politics and demographics we'll leave Germany so far behind
There, I corrected that for you so it corresponds with the recent _Invasion of Ukraine dictionary_ .
If I were to decide, I'd make the tax increase gradually year by year for the people to get adjusted slowly and not start running all at once.
They should join aswell, but give them some special name to singify their difference, like "Protectorate"
), really high quality domestic produce and manufacturing
So how well you learnt English with it
Actually I was taught American English but I prefer to use British English
They were always the enemy and they will always be
Then there's also a family name, Ivan Oleksandrovych **Moroz**.
Living the most lavish lifestyle - the guy even had a golden toilet - out of any Ukrainian president while most of the country lived in poverty was helping the people, or his constitutional reforms stifling civil liberties of his people, all of those are caring about Ukraine?
Apart from all these unglorious things Eastern Europe is also known for its literature, Classical music, beer and food.
Imagine learning the history of the country but theres no country
They could hate the motherland but nostalgia is helluva drug.
Ukraine, it's poor, relatively unsafe, corrupt government, etc.
It does sound odd, that's true, but at least it makes sense, cause the region is "Red Ruthenia"
I wonder where did those losses come from.
Belarus is closer to being Putins bitch than anyone else.
He says the contrast between 90s and modern Poland is stark.
There's "чернуха/chernukha" (Russian: *blackness*, casual/habitual misery)
Imagine being Ukrainian
I don't see him as the enemy of Europe by a long shot.
The US is the best friend Europe has.
My favourite is probably плачу (plachu) - "I'm paying" and "I'm crying"
Sometimes those things aren't connected, like, people know Las Vegas, Chicago, or New Orleans but not the states those cities are in
Any track from [Alyona Alyona]
We have time, gender, number and form to take into account
Imagine the sheer "REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" if NATO was to give Serbia military equipment.
Giving them a deal akin to associate status like extending trade as was done with Ukraine or Turkey could be strong first steps.
Have you been asleep since 2007?
fuck any Communist and Fascist Party
And why are you bringing up Ukraine?
From where are you and where do your parents plan to go - i mean Dombass in Ukraine can be bit dangerous now
Second-tier clothes
Sometime you get all countries as animals.
On my phone, it's usually some anime stuff
There's [Zmiy Gorynych] a fairytale creature which is essentially a dragon
The countries arround you are kind of your bros more than the others.
Given that the Zaporozhian Host was kind of on the frontier, I'd argue they were their own...
I distinctly remember seeing a lot of them ten years ago, but haven't seen a single one lately
I'm aware of the fact that Obama could not have had another term.
On the other hand, people usually know their regular commute, and being stuck in traffic all the time is still judged as inability to alter your commute/get on it earlier to compensate the delay, etc
I guess I will go to the next stop
Sure Trump may give way in Syria but I doubt they will give way in everything.
I implore you to check out /r/russia, a place that only English-speaking, educated, young urban Russians visit, on famously pro-liberal Reddit, and make up your mind whether it's Putin or Russians based on what they say
Just to remind you, all those who are sorry on human's being death:
And it's totally fine to romaticize, I believe
Forced collectivization and grain procurement was the best thing that ever happened to Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Caucasus and other regions of the great and mighty USSR.
He backed off torture because of Mattis, he demanded Crimea be returned to Ukraine and he literally just told the israelis to hold off on more settlements.
>According to the Romanian census of 1930, the territory of the future Chernivtsi Oblast had 805,642 inhabitants in that year, out of which 47
May I answer this question as an Ukraine Easterner.
It was in the schools from this territory that they first introduced all the propaganda and improved it over time.
* with [liver]
So maybe it's not reflected by the study but the steps are being made
If you keep drawing lines, and Russia keeps stepping over them, when are you going to act ?
We even use your language among ourselves.
Not all people like these (I mean, sad stories about poor villagers and serfdom)
I appreciate your high standards
Don't call us russians when you hear our language or see Cyrillic
But then some anti-EU populists started to make an issue of it and managed to force a referendum.
Probably becouse we fried rats before we ate them :P
There's no real concessions though.
You better update your Windows mate (or crack it finally) :-)
The filling is whatever people want
> £9000 per year is absolutely fucking insane
Exactly
Same happens with Russian phrases in Ukrainian, but to a lesser extent, and people have no problem with that
She was banned soon after it was known she had an intention to visit Ukraine.
Still won't explain how Bulgaria had the second highest GDP after Hungary in 1939 - which was before any alliance with western powers.
Even if Sweden joined NATO they still would have to do something about the lack of soldiers.
Come on, you share me a 1 minute read article, where it clearly says that "Jewish groups have linked Bandera's followers to the mass murders of Jews". Bandera's followers and Bandera are different people
I though most of the buildings in DS were made up, because of how eclectic and uncommon they looked.
This nutjobs are really much powerless in Ukraine and even most right-wing organizations are not anti-jewish some even have jewish members.
Poland have nothing in common with Belarus, Russia and Ukraine other than being post Commie states.
The sovereign order of Malta
Holodomor didn't happen in Ukraine alone.
Russia as far more economically successful than Ukraine, and trade between the EU and Russia is much larger than trade between the EU and Ukraine.
After two wars of that scale, Europe just doesn't want a sequel to that
I heard that in France baguettes are cheap but this clears up a lot
I did *not* expect to be living in this surreal dystopia even a couple of years ago
Are there people in russia which feel shame for their country?
Did you ally with emus
USSR = Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (note the plural).
Usually, if it's for practical purposes, we announce the last name first, and when it's used in natural speech, the first name comes first
Also *"fair heat breaks no bones"* (unlike cold), which always sounded weird to me since fever gives body aches alright
[Back alive] is legit charity that supplies army with useful things.
Будапешт. Ш in both Ukrainian and Russian is pronounced as Sh
As imperialists with weird language that want our land
Ukraine appoints law graduate, 23, to lead purge campaign
I took two long distance train journeys in Ukraine - Odessa to Kiev and Kiev to Lviv.
I think I’d choose Austria ️
Travel bans can be issued by the Security Service.
Romanians can enter Ukraine without a visa though.
The specific window seen on this video will be concidered 'fancy' but not because of the mechanism, rather because it's obviously high-quality and with a nice faux wood finishing
Still, it's not like we're pouring money in Ukraine no questions asked.
I've never heard of it
probably justifiably so
While u at it, kill Putin for all of us, please!
From the non-occopied part - Kharkiv by far
Basically new government started a few market reforms which will open the country to international investors (market for agricultural lands, new labor codex, privatization of state property)
Well, Russia is harassing the previous members of USSR.
was always vocally pro-Russian
Of course you did not offend Russia, but rather complimented them
I remember like terrorists did not allow to take those children to Ukraine which ukrainian government wanted to do - they allowed to transfer them only to Russia because it fitted their propaganda narrative.
IIRC Ukraine was digging a ditch around Transnistria a couple of years ago.
how about not lying about sending in tanks and soldiers dressed in black?
This is to me just frustrating and stupid, the fact that people born within one of the best and most free and accepting countries in the world, with their parents who I assume FLED Turkey, choose to support a dictator who have killed/imprisoned/tortured thousand upon thousand of his own fellow citizens....
I haven't heard about any significant incidents in the Netherlands, but the Netherlands regularly shows up on stuff like rhe Ukraine referendum.
I don't dispute that it *should* be part of and occupied by Ukraine, but let's not undermine the importance of facts with this counterproductive "muh de jure" thinking
Point is EU's biggest problems are internal: the debt crisis, the refugee-migrant crisis, rising nationalism, and the Ukraine crisis.
Anything that could help them defend their country.
They signed the treaty because they were militarily defeated, it would be good to remember this.
"*Вареники/varenyky*" that can have any filling and several types of dough
Close to non-existent, I'd say.
[Grab popcorn and head to this post]
This is obviously bullshit as modern Ukrainian has 256 thousand words
I like bacon, and I like Lithuania more than I like Germany or Sweden.
And they are friendly
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi Fortress, Ukraine
Loved the poppy seed pierozhki as a child, and still love them now to the point that my preferred way to die is to choke on a poppy seed pie
That's why we are bitching when western companies instead of polish companies are making money on Poles and that's why it is good to use Ukraine for our economical goals.
Some Russians are moderate and have liberal views but from personal experience most support Russian imperialism.
Haha yes
Or if someone would start bombing civilians anywhere or anything Nazi-esque like that.
Here is the story from Jesper's point of view:
And lets not forget that this is after dozen or so years of rapid growth.
Usual milk is too sweet for me, so I prefer vegan (wheat) one
Uhm-uhm, that's very literate :)
Commonly, it's 16-18 years when finishing school and joins the university, some may join later because we have mandatory military service .
Ahhhhhhhhh put a sock in it
It is very interesting to watch how soon Ukraine would beg for a new credit from Russia.
нежить - running nose (ukr), undead (rus)
Love the series, there is so much to see in Italy.
>I'm not denying Russia does some shady shit, I'm just saying they aren't that much worse than our "allies" to the west
The same can be said about the polls in Crimea before the annexation.
Heated reddit user moment
Because there are many locals here who fight against Ukraine because of their own reasons.
Also in 1990s i believe EU and NATO signed a pact with the Soviet Union not to expand in some countries like the Baltics and Ukraine
Russia completely controls its media and the narrative anyway, so whatever happens, they could spin it against Ukraine.
If Russian troops stayed out of Ukraine a pro-russian party would maybe win the next elections but thanks to the war and land grabbing most Ukrainians would do everything to join NATO.
A lot people think that Ukraine decided to join Soviet Union by its own, but that's wrong
So people try to make great Ukrainian dubs
Have you read how corrupt Ukraine still is.
And Ukraine is in no state to join, they need a good 25 - 30 years of their own citizens taking care of their own society ...
Edit: /r/russia isn't what it used to be, they just furiously post pictures now lol
Romania and Bulgaria were denied Schengen entry due to internal issues also, inspite meeting all requirements.
Wouldn't really call Russia the invader or aggressor in either though.
Well that's a good company, but I'm missing a few key members, where's Canada
This however does not change anything IMO.
And yeah, check this [book] as well as [all nations make mistakes, even Poles]
• Many early historic states which existed on our land, but I can't call it "country" for example [Antes State] 4th-7th century
The only good outcomes for UA is to get rid of that region as a whole or take over a complete control of it surpresing all other political movements there.
We like Belarusians on average, but understand their political situation and peculiarities of their mentality
If you think Russian minorities are worth anything to Russia, you haven't been paying attention.
If I read it right, it counts all migrations- WWII, relocation after war, War in Balkans in 1990s.
Ignoring vital interests of your neighbours is a silly thing to do.
Much respect for Ukraine and Its people.
Russian government is almost equivalent to United Russia.
At least it was like when i was in school, and that was more than a decade ago
And how is this your problem vatnik?
I've already told about it on Reddit, the name Michael is inseparable with the animal bear in Russian since the diminutive for a bear is "*misha*" and the nickname for "Mikhail" (Michael) is also "Misha".
(*Kazka's [Apart] is a great song though*)
That there are a lot of Soros agents in government including prime minister, some others ministers and members of ruling party (some inner feud inside party, i don't know)
I don't know much of the traditions of Bucovina but I know Moldova and most of northern Romania had a lot of Jewish residents.
I can probably recognize a lot of European ones but I don't really know the lyrics
Should have been 103 years of restoration but Russians stood in a way
Any Macedonian irredentist claims to Greek Macedonia are laughable, almost as laughable as the idea of Greeks being actually afraid of a tiny impoverished Balkan state taking Greek lands.
It's not like we can stop viruses
Hitler was treating the jews and gypsies as unwanted peoples and pretty much promised to at the very least send them off to concentration camps from day one.
I said I was joking goddamn it, can you not read?
Russians always heat conflict each time some deal is to be made for better stance on negotiations.
And yes 12y is typical sentence for human trafficking.
I've read here on Reddit that you learn one subject for half a year and then it might never be resumed
It's hard to believe that only 30 years ago it was stuck in it and now it's one of Europe's most progressive countries
[Contemporary music on bandura]
The problem is pneumonia so if a person has it a person has it, there's no reason to differ its cause, right
Oh no
I can't pick between Prague and Budapest
It doesn't surprise me, because Ukraine and Poland are neighbors
To sacrifice countries to Russia to appease them is not going to work.
POLSKA STRONK
Yeah, i bet Ukraine was rolling in pussy during the Holodomor.
Later, in the main hall, I saw Chinese tourists knocking on columns to check if they are real and taking photos of praying people with flash on (BTW these praying people were women from some radical Islam movement)
Would help if you actually knew anything about the topic before posting.
I'd rather have a (post Erdogan) Turkey in that the Ukraine.
Allegedly ended up in Russian mafia accounts in NY.
I think the problem is this dichotomal perception of 'helping Ukraine'.
Don't know enough about Belarus-Ukraine relationship to claim anything.
The Royal Navy often sails warships around the region and the UK is allied with gulf states who oppose Iran.
And yet you jump in, selflessly, to defend nazism
Ukraine is just a convenient example that investing in guns could have actually protected people of death and hunger.
This is relevant only to those living within 200km of the border max
Why move factories to China, when you have Ukraine right next to Europe and is desperate for any investments?
Rest of the year: below 5
And Greeks in....Georgia, Ukraine, Russia and Romania?
That's why maidan was so stupid, Yanukovich was gonna lose the next election by far and it would have just been another time that Ukraine elects another pro EU leader like they did before.
UPD: Looks like our gov wants to allow dual citizenship "*with EU countries, countries of the world that are friendly to us, that do not pose any threat to us, and the list of these countries (...) will depend on some criteria"* according to our MFA Minister, but *"a number of restrictions on dual citizenship will be imposed on members of parliament, ministers and other officials
Everything above is subjective and only applicable to ethnic majorities of the aforementioned countries
**Summer-autumn apples:**
Many European leaders and EU officials have repeatedly condemned Putin for his behaviour, it's just that the war in Ukraine is on for some time now, whereas Trump coming to the office is fresh, so obviously it will get more attention of the politicians and media.
It's the official Kremlin explanation for the Russian soldiers caught in Ukraine.
Trump is less interested in continuing the synchronized U.S.-EU economic sanctions regime imposed on Russia, and has signaled his doubts over NATO’s ironclad commitment to mutual defense.
President doesn't even have the highest salary out of all state officials
> 15-25 min at the time,
Moving services are usually available in bigger places
What does Ukraine have to do with it?
Why the Maidan Putsch and the following quasi-invasion of the Krim then?
Also, cigarettes are compact, so you can pack a lot of stuff to smuggle through the border.
What do they eat in Cyprus then?
They can't even seriously push into Ukraine.
It's an amazing PR stunt, but I feel bad for the singer because she seemed oblivious to what was going on, and really looked forward to performing on the big stage.
based
we have biggest and longest queues of russianspeakings on border crossing points into UA on east
Sometimes Ukrainians wanted to watch something from a TV annonce, but were too late because Moscow and Kyiv had 1 hour difference in time, and the viewers didn't even account for that since the channels weren't perceived as foreign
The man clearly wants to appease Russia.
National Congress of Armenians of Ukraine: Azerbaijanâs occupied lands should be returned
Ended up checking the moss on trees and this is how we were able to walk straight
The sovereign order of Malta
It still was
zapomnieć - forget (Polish), zapomnit' - remember (Russian)
I'm so sick and tired of this denial bullshit.
We used to straight-up watch Russian channels, and they weren't really foreign
They wouldn't need to be in the same bloc, but they could form small alliances with relevant countries in similar positions.
There were Western Polans (proto-Poles) and eastern Polans (proto-Kievans/Ruthenians/Ukrainians/whatever).
Putin’s Undeclared War: Summer 2014 – Russian Artillery Strikes against Ukraine
Now "volonteri" close the gaps in supplement of everything: cars, guns, drones, thermal visors, medical stuff.
I dunno, started learning Polish on Duolingo
Supposedly, the US are protecting Europe but NATO has done nothing except support US adventurism in the Middle East.
and in conciliation Russia lessens the grip on its neighbors
>It was supposed to be 'We're profoundly shaken by the death of Stalin
The current situation is just terrible and there is so much hate and destruction in Donbass that it will probably be impossible to reintegrate these areas back into Ukraine.
Ukraine took the obvious bait and now look like a bunch of pathetic children.
Source: am a Russian-speaking Ukrainian
We should have a full trade embargo on russia until it stops funding our right-wing parties, withdraws its troops from Ukraine and Georgia, returns Crimea and complies with the OSCE agreements again.
Ukraine isn't on the same level with that I'd guess.
Not sure how popular it is right now, a decade ago it was a thing
As much as I agree with your logic, isn't this already a lost cause?
The fact that you're using the term 'the Ukraine' instead of 'Ukraine' simply proves that you view Ukraine as nothing more than a rebellious province of Russia.
Yes, it also can be a politically motivated, arbitrary decision, as Ukraine showed us.
Yanukovych agreed to a compromise on reverting some of his changes and holding early elections
So when someone actually speaks a foreign language decently, people react [like this] It's like being lazy and out of shape and then finding it in you to get in shape - some willpower has been put in it, and it gets the thumbs up
Yes, in 2017 you can't get death penalty for your political activities, just 2-5 years in prison and the chance to be tortured.
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Yokohama, Kawasaki  Fukushima  and  Nagasaki
I bet not as poor as we are((
If you are talking about Europe, then you have Russia as well and sometimes Turkey depending on context ( just to mention the big ones, but there is also Ukraine, Belarus, the Balkans, Moldova, caucasus states).
Hah, we used to do the same during Maidan.
Romania is one of our least mentioned neighbors, along with Hungary, Slovakia, and Moldova
Well, we are friends(and a good ones :)) but certainly not the oldest form of friendship like was stated in the post
Just to sell them and go home a bit later.
Disagree so much(
no biggy and politcally, well, its just political, supporting separatists in donbass, a highly Russian population, who had war declared on them 1 week after poroshenko gained power and two days after poroshenko had a visit for the head of the Cia.
army in it
Sucks for them, but the French elect for the French, not Ukraine.
Nazism is not a reasonable stance, it comes from irrationality and everything can be bent to justify that belief
Lengthy periods of associatin/integration and other stuff for ex-USSR countries were needed because just taking them to EU would be disastrous.
Soros has a plan for each and every one of us.
We have at least 3-4 hours of history each week for 6-7 years in middle and high school
Ukraine is in danger actually
It's a historical fact, not my own POV
Well that's what Russia wanted to do at the first place.
No I know what your stance is, I want to know the whys behind it.
They expect him to have better relations with Russia.
Not when I have to speak English after a long time of not doing so
"You'll see when you have your own child"
That man however is entitled to citizenship of Kazahstan either by birth or by residenship prior to 1991.
I want to drop hope for the Ukrainians, because it's rough to hope for my country even, but it's silly to do so, honestly.
Could not think of a game more fondly tbh
Cause it's Nazis who repressed Ukrainians in 1917-1921, 1922, 1932-1933, 1937, 1939-1945, 1947, and, you know, the rest of the century till today
I met soooo many people of ex-Soviet origin who follow the described way of thinking and support the AFD here in Germany - this is just ridiculous!
it was an autonomous republic within Ukraine, now its part of Russia.
There is a really good documentation on Netflix: Winter on fire - Ukraine's fight for freedom
Poor, sheltered, uneducated people tend to be very traditionalist, yes?
Ukraine bans Russian Eurovision contestant from entering the country
Yes it does
So your point is that the Russians actively and solely started the Ukraine conflict?
Let's face it, Russia is never going to abandon Crimea.
E.g., *"send it to me on Ukrnet/Gmail"* means *"send it to me via e-mail"*. But when I propose to send it via e-mail to you, I use the word "post".
You need to understand that she is the most powerful person on this continent and all the fuck-ups are at least partly her fault.
This shows imo a lack of ambitious geopolitical or imperialist thinking.
We've been over this a million times, EU cannot not respond to potential Russian invasion because that would be the end of the EU.
I have quite amount of money, but I hate travel Europe.
At the moment, unfortunately, our presidential party has a majority in parliament (248 out of 424) so we don't have the balance at all
Keep on sanctioning Russia if it interferes
Cukor = Цукор ( sounds like Tscukor, means sugar) in Dutch suiker; Дах ( sounds like Dach, means roof) in Dutch dak
Russia and America both gave assurances they wouldn't try to force border changes on Ukraine if Ukraine gives up their nukes.
I don't fell the whole meme surround Crimea.
I still have hope everything will go well.
Moreover the result will be very fateful for EU future, because it will show real effects of such decision.
Come on, you share me a 1 minute read article, where it clearly says that "Jewish groups have linked Bandera's followers to the mass murders of Jews". Bandera's followers and Bandera are different people
I read it and it's true
They aren't going to do that in the Baltics or Poland.
Rather than that, most just apply for the temporary residence permit and work here.
Me too, first Russia should give Crimea back to Ukraine, then stop bombing Syrian rebels, and we will normalise.
Feels like masculine
The only time when you work hard is when they send you and your comrades to a kolkhoz to help village people to harvest potatoes
And they are friendly
>Are you a cat or dog person
You will continue to storm the Universe
And one of the most important things, they tend to take jobs from Poles because they are cheaper workers.
They only thing you need is to open a couple of military shops and to hold a referendum with two weeks notice and it's a done deal, how nice.
That's even low for Ukraine or Moldova...
I think as much as Swedish Democrats (or how that party is called) with literally anyone.
Honestly, I'd like Ukrainians to be motivated enough to watch those movies and shows in the original language
In Russian, it is possible to address someone as *"gospodin/gospozha"* (petty much the same meaning - *"lord/madam"*), but it's only used in two settings: in their parliament and in BDSM
He himself would just say "no" to hospitalization and both the police and medics would leave
One of the hallmarks of Mikhail Gorbachev's glasnost was the open discussion of the misery and violence that was a part of everyday Soviet life, transforming the form and content of the nation's news coverage
It's most trivial variant
I live in a Russian-speaking city, hearing Ukrainian here is pretty rare unless you're talking to staff in stores etc
Ukraine won't have a choice, Russia can always revise the agreement.
Russia is a big player in this game.
Stalin had a soft spot for Georgia and Hrutschev for Ukraine.
The Cold War with Russia basically economically destroyed.
This summer, the AC was the real MVP
Even though you will not trust this because your criteria for "proofs" will always change here is a satellite image from NATO in August 2014 that proves Russian military operations WITHIN Ukraines borders :
It tastes good and looks good as well?
Belarus doesn't need to swing immediately from Putins Union to Europes, but integrating them slowly so their tacit alliance with Russia dissolves and the EU gains a better neighbour can only be a good thing.
Obviously, some cars parked outside don't start at first; you need to warm the car first
Because Russia's known for abiding by treaties.
Don't be ridiculous, defending local culture is a way to defend cutural diversity.
We remember it and I know some Ukrainians feel disappointed with how slowly things progress between the EU and Ukraine, but there's not much we, on Reddit, can do so your bitterness is misplaced.
Russia absolutely isn't the only country with a bad human rights record, agreed.
They also don't travel enough to feel uncomfortable enough to learn a foreign language or two
Milk
I don't google "Russia" every day
*Водяник* (vodianyk) in Ukrainian mythology
More correct number would be 90
Yes, but Russia doesn't have the right to seize sovereign territory with military force.
Russia are scared of NATO and don't want new countries joining.
That Cnornobyl is next to Kyiv and he was worried to get radiation poisoning
The only one that survived the introduction of metric system and still in common use is "sajen" - a distance between the tips of your fingers when you T-pose
It's not rocket science, it's a minor feat of engineering, which means it takes a minor fortune to make it happen, but it's going to be built.
Please, do inform me about this Invasion in Europe.
I'm not sure where you've already been in Romania or if you want to include Krakow while in Poland on the way to Ukraine, but this is a rough itinerary for the route I would take with two to three months:
If you go to some villages in the Carpathians, you can get whole 6 kilos for that much
Another kind of [sapka.]сапка&client=ms-android-sprint-us&prmd=ivsn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjjnpau0L7QAhVs34MKHSvEDtsQ_AUIBygB&biw=360&bih=560)Names were often given by profession.
They call us, Ukrainians, svidomiye, which is just twisted form of Ukrainian word "conscious".
GL and PvdA dropped it from their program and D66 changed it to only apply to non-international issues.
I was going to say Ukraine but of course they've lost Crimea now.
This photo is staged, [of course] although they say that it's based on a real event
3-4 am I would avoid many regions
Ukraine has to resist because if it gives up on the Donbass it will just disappear,one salami slice at a time,with Russia having veto power over any reform towards progress like Serbia in BiH.
For men : Oleg, Rurik,Askold,Dir, Sviatoslav **,** Vladimir , Sviatopolk , Iziaslav, Yuri and planty of others
Hey, that’s my uncle
Yet what they did was providing cover to armed pro-russians.
Also not new, but it's not fabricated as far as I can tell.
Basically, AFAIK if you are not 18, you should cross with your parents, then it is OK.
**Sviatoslav the Brave** (ruler of Kievan Rus)
With Holodomor are also killing high-educated Ukrainians, members of Communist Party of Ukraine (local, independent party in Soviet Union.
Welcome to the club, buddy)
Actually only one trade partner - Russia.
But Ukraine shares a border with Russia and Europe is falling over itself to gt them into the gang.
Frozen conflicts in Northern Ireland, Moldova, Kosovo and Cyprus.
AFAIK, Ukraine had a genuine shot at becoming an independent state after WWI.
You are not setting the bar for Ukraine very highly, are you?
The real issue is not of course to simply admit a mistake and pay out compensation, the real issue is to admit engaging in an undeclared war of aggression against another sovereign state
For text content I guess check out /r/askarussian
UPD: I like this "Активация виндовса" / "Windows activation" tip on the right bottom of the picture
No the 11 billion is since the sanctions started, what happened before then isnt relevant to this conversation really.
In any case, there is no modern cossack state, so there's that.
It's more popular in Ukraine tho.
Half of Ukraine was pro-EU, the other half was pro-Russia, he could have made a deal with both the EU and Russia.
When MPs start physical fights, you know the country has reached a really low point.
Ukraine is a sovereign and independent, democratic,societal, legal state
I use commas and other punctuation the way I'd use it in Ukrainian or Russian
I can't seem to find any online resources that offer an explanation.
The city no one can exit
E.g., "*чолові****ч****а/cholovi****ch****a*" (of a man; adjective; the f. gender) and "*піврі****чч****я/pivri****chchi****a*".
You've got the ukrainian upvotes the moment you used the correct romanized form of Lviv
Just putting it out there the two ladt projects were built in 2016 while Tallinn ones are older by now(the workshop is about 10 years old now).
isn't the problem that Ukraine owes money to Russia?
There is nothing bad about Ukraine and Ukrainians.
Not sure where this is going but it can't be good.
Most of the places that sell such things, offer delivery and movers
Only an online shop
Afterall Ukraine won last year with their god awful song.
I bet those guys are butthurt when country that started "liberation war" on their territory now calls them "Ukrainians" and their land "regions of Donetsk and Lugansk oblast".
- strong Army, initially launched almost from scratch by volunteers
Russia is unable to supply their troops because both Ukraine and Moldova dont want them to be there, also Transnistria does not have access to sea.
familiar
I don't think most Dutch people are against Ukraine, they are more anti-Russia.
You know what, fuck your opinion.
You could also notice him omitting "is" or "are" because in Slavic languages it is common to omit the word "be" and it's forms depending on context
у чорта на рогах / at devils horns , "at the ass of the world ".
We have a shitload of balconies (I have three in my own apartment) but since drunk tourists don't usually stay in residential high-rises, this is not a problem
Same in Russian
*Sad Ukrainian noises*
Sweden is 6th in that list for rapes
When you order something from a business, whatever the size of the object is, it's always possible that they'll deliver it themselves
A lot of people wear them in summer, although they are not too fashionable.
[You're welcome] :)
Not forgetting that Ukraine was a pretext and the west started sanctions on Russia already in 2012, so western sanctions on Russia was never about Ukraine because sanctions was starting to ramping up years ago for the simple reason that the western powers couldn't accept that Russia was starting to develop and grow as a country.
Soviet cultural imperialism should be dismissed: borscht belongs to Ukraine - The Economist
Because it's an example of a country that had to fight a similar fight for its independence, and succeeded admirably (that is, it's not only independent, but vibrant and free)
Netherlands, actually
It made no sence, it was pure bullshit.
are you aware of the fact that Ukraine became independent 26 years ago?
And then caused his own genocide
I've been to Kiev and Odessa, and will definitely go back to Ukraine, but probably on another trip.
To all parties involved except Ukraine the current situation is still preferable to Ukraine having nuclear weapons.
Literally only 14 year old instagrammer girls who think they have a good taste in music and middle-aged single women listen to his songs
Also, you probaly have highest density of unique names in Europe.
I'll go to one of the 24 hour supermarkets
Instead Jennifer Lawrence is Red Sparroooow
Then you try to use Google Maps with GPS, but because of the train speed the GPS position is lagging behind and you miss your station or frantically leap and fall through the doors outside because the duration of a minor stop is usually 1-2 min
For example, [Japan,] [South Korea,] Taiwan, Israel, Iraqi Kurdistan, Ukraine, Lithuania...
The funny thing is that even Putin publicly admitted it, I guess Le Pen didn't get the latest instruction manuals.
It will sound assholish, but I must say it: Ukraine wanted independence and then fucked it up...
That I can somewhat understand.
I think that if Ukraine manages to get over the transition period, it will have much more opportunities to grow in the long-term.
In Ukrainian it is called Щедрик
Nah man, trust me I'm not a fan of Russia either.
Strongholds of IT Outsourcing to Ukraine
r europe when it suits them "turkey is not europe" why are you posting
Probably
Most of Ukrainuan speakers from Western regions don't speak Russian at all, but still understand perfectly
They predate Rus by about 5 centuries.
Which type of "pysok"? A beak
Unfortunately it seems more and more likely that Ukraine will have to build nukes to contain Russia.
The cold winter sun is out
Now, Ukraine is suddenly our bff and our greatest ally.
> MOUNTAINGERMANS
It's quite dependent on other variables such as gas oil, and hence can diverge with the EU market prices.
If you would kick(even with most primitive kicks) strong person long enough and he wouldn't respond - he will fall.
It was occupied instantly and there's no chance to change anything there.
I think op meant "second largest country situated ENTIRELY in Europe"
Since it's Dugin and Russian imperialism we're talking about, probably like the special status of Ukraine...
Interesting as a Ukrainian Jewish I look more like the Latvian guy
Maybe it helps you to put figures next to the "truths" you have heard from Russian propaganda.
A generation of people, who haven’t died, is being lost because life can’t normalise
zapomnieć - forget (Polish), zapomnit' - remember (Russian)
Probably their appeared due to occupation of some regions by some neighboring country.
You have to remember, true pro-democracy opposition in Belarus has been locked up for years at this point
Although, potato is the language we all speak fluently
Protesting violence with violence?
Nobody else even bother to ask.
Actually no
There are countries like Kosovo, Moldova, Ukraine, Macedonia or Bosnia.
sure, but what if people *actually* think like that
I lived in a dorm with cockroaches
Cyrillic isn't too different from Latin
I’m the most boring gamer in the world
It's clear that it was a Russian show of force to make it clear that it did not want Georgia and Ukraine joining NATO, as had been discussed at the Bucharest summit.
Although I read some opinions that the agreement wasn't entirely beneficial to them, but on the whole improving ties with Europe has helped my country immensely and I wish the same for Ukraine.
Can someone explain why "medical" marijuana should be legalized first?
Not everyone uses them
Not my point, for everything there's a time and a place.
Ukraine was torn between the EU's sphere of influence and Russia's, not the US.
Whose hides were tough and necks well lethered -
Regarding the 3 journalists from Ukraine
The Ukrainians were independent and retained their language & culture.
Seems like EU learned something from russian trolls and CTR
Russia recognized the borders of a modern Ukraine a long time ago.
Can I be an observer party in reddit equivalent of ALDE?
* solid pro-West course, at least for now
Even disregarding that Ukraine itself is not considering the Donbass situation a war, it had economic devastation long before any hostilities.
Eggs
Truly great Empire
I bet making UPA, guys who committed genocide in Galicia-Volhynia, heroes of Ukraine is what pissed them of.
6 month ago - [Reformers flee Ukraine govt, disappointed by lack of progress against corruption and oligarchs]
That's what you get when Russia meddles your conflict with neighbor, while selling arms to both.
DNC hacks and DCLeaks were just sophisticated Russian phishing attacks (in one instance inept DNC IT security guy even reassured a staff member that a phishing email was indeed genuine request to change the password) and US intelligence community has made clear that they do not see Russians as being capable of seriously disrupting the election due to its decentralized nature.
Turkey so far is going the other way then they need to to join and that leaves just Belarus and Russia.
Then Hitler attacked us and justified it that we were just as warmongering.
And all this for one man, built on the money of Ukrainian taxpayers
And if we were wrong about this, what if we were wrong about *everything to do with Trump*?
Also it will help economics of all these countries.
The only difference between the west and Russia is that Russian citizens will never see a single ruble, only the oligarchs.
Ukrainians are well down the list of important considerations, and Crimeans are off the list entirely.
Daily Mail is like Bild in Germany - perfect for cat toilets
The independence of Church from state, the emphasis on rural self governance, and the affirmation of fundamental civil rights (such as freedom of speech, press, and assembly) that the tsarist government had periodically restricted shows the progressivism of the Provisional Government.
Ah, alright
We’re not russia (most Americans think we’re the same thing) :(
I did not mean only the events in Ukraine and annexation of Crimea.
[YUKO - YARYNO]
Western Ukraine is probably pro-US too, but Ukraine is not a member, has big problems and Eastern Ukraine is pro-Russia because of the big % of russian ethnics.
I mean, we already witnessed how this theory fails in reality with Russia.
Well there's barely a million of occupants; a city for sure, but I would not call it large
He is one of the few who do report on Ukraine.
He lived in Ukraine, studied in Ukrainian university and speaks Ukrainian.
I am wondering if I would be turned away if I have a Russian stamp in my passport.
That's a lot of ikeas
How about not fanning the flames of a violent coup in Ukraine that had a big risk of a Crimea annexation were it to succeed like it did?
Can someone from Ukraine answer this: How would the country react to Russia basically paying them for Crimea?
With somewhat different traditions and ways of doing things?
[Tartaria] seems to refer to much of Central Asia.
Open-air living history Soviet museum.
But I could write it in this way:
Next elections where - Ukraine or Georgia?
I hope this new country will pay eu as much as uk was paying.
So, it is Putin who named streets and squares all over Western Ukraine after Bandera&others, put monuments for UPA and Waffen SS units.
>Kyrgyzstan is also pretty democratic at the moment while also being in the Russian sphere
If you don't mind answering, do you also have two different subjects or is it one holistic World History curriculum
Not really Europe, but Moroccan oil if just fucking amazing
Purely phonetically, I'd rather spell it like хшон**шч** and **Шч**ебжешин.
...that common Frauen und Herren were unaware the Nazis were exterminating undesirable ethnicities in the Third Reich
Putin is not a madman, he won't attack NATO countries and risk WW3.
This division East-West is rather historical than geographical
We should do that but in countries that have an impact on EU (Libya, Ukraine, etc.).
And replaced by someone with one language and one culture
All of that points to the Russia being somewhat unpredictable and agressive towards the nearby countries at the moment.
It's sad but all too often hostages become victims when terrorists get eliminated
It was snowing only for a few days in all winter, 3-10 C°. And it's "definitely not" the climate change
> 15-25 min at the time,
Syrian War is entirely on the U.S.
EU report: Ukraine carrying out unprecedented reforms
As he was unofficially not the second person - but not the first one.
Russia annexed foreign territory and is waging war in a neighboring country and all America and the EU have done is a lot of stern words and a few sanctions.
Because you don't know how to pronounce "ж", but "z with some funny thing on the top I can ignore" would at least be close.
obligation towards the Ukrainian citizens
Another option - return to the bar and order some food
I wonder if we'll ever hear the arguments Putin heard for and against invading all of Ukraine.
Good thing it resolved peacefully
* [The Adventures of Buratino] the movie (1975, Belarusfilm);
Нахуя дохуя нахуярили? Расхуяривайте нахуй.
* with [roasted becon]
When you're in nature, the norms are slightly different for both genders
Plus, as callous as it may sound, Ukraine is not exactly on Sweden level when it comes to international attention and importance.
What's so unbelievable in that
Czech is a bit harder
Killing in Donetsk by UAF special forces is quite possible.
An anti-Putin channel getting banned in Ukraine does sound odd at the first take.
Same goes for most of people here
Or is it really sounds wrong for native speakers too
Those people within those countries who are capable of great things, just generally move to another country.
No, "revolutionaries" can't learn to operate a Buk SAM complex on a Sunday afternoon
That's what happens when spreading misinformation and fake news is easier than ever
I never tasted it
But within the circle of colleagues it is not a taboo
I like that he stands up to U.S.
Does anyone actually consider German hot?
GDP of entire Ukraine is comparable to the GDP of one Polish province though.
I'm still going to go ahead say that this sounds like a load of bullshit.
How do you know it was illegal or not, even so ...
Not very fond of them (gasps follow)
Ukraine won't allow a separatist referendum in Crimea so this is their only option.
I agree that, if any chance of separation within Bosnia could have been done, it should have been done in the 90s, and I'm afraid that it's too late to consider such things today, as the only outcome would lead to conflict.
So having a 35% quota for Ukrainian songs and 60% quota for talks on radio is "banning the use of Russian language from radio"?
German military relying on Russia, Ukraine firms to transport tanks
As for music, it doesn't exactly fit the discussion because there isn't much language in there, but still check out ONUKA
Europeans will get what they wish, a forceful response towards Russia.
That has many coincidences (our government btw), but we are a very nice nation, so if someone helps you, you’ll get all the help you needed
Ukraine, Belarus, Iraq, Syria, Egypt, Libya, Cuba, Venezuela, Taiwan, Jordania, Lebanon, Macedonia, Serbia, Cyprus, Pakistan, etc.
Me neither
You can visit Crimea if you're crossing a border on mainland Ukraine.
* [Example 2]
Romanians **32k**
If that's the case, do we have to limit ourselves to foreignness or can we look at some other attributes as well?
For some reason, I'm not surprised
* Ruś
I voted in favour of the Ukraine deal, but sure, be racist.
Especially in Europe, especially in places like Slovenia
Viktor Yanukovich
Although there were ~5,5 thousands partisans in the region, most of them deployed in neighboring villages
We have [the Internet Party of Ukraine] Once they tried to nominate [a man named Darth Vader] in the presidential elections
Here are some of the less popular specific places that left a lasting impression on me (all for different reasons): [Poland] [Slovakia] [Lithuania] [France] [Ukraine] [Germany] [Latvia]
It's a song about tough women's fate of sitting at the kitchen and crying but then standing up and "blooming like a violet again".
Two-party system
"Ukrainian language is russian polish"- that what i heard mostly from russians
If this jackass Newt Gingrich said something like this amidst developing events of a Russian takeover in Estonia, there would be a lot of public backlash at Newt.
Other big cities have very small gay scene, bigger is in Ostrava.
In those day whole territory of modern Ukraine was barely populated
damn that looks so neat
All Slavic ones
Reaction inside Russian society has been mediocre at best, while he needs to maintain pressure on Putin to stay relevant
Part of Russia/Same as Russia/Soviet Country
This annoys us so much
Oh ffs, Polan
Ukraine tries to be as cautious as possible in this conflict
At least we fuck that russian commies, in order most part of Europe can evolve
This is unlike me, but I think that Europe needs to consolidate its army and begin working with Belarus, Moldova, Serbia, Ukraine, Bosnia&Herzegovina and (FYRO)Macedonia on security measures.
What about Split, Croatia
There were also other close calls, I seem to remember a mock execution by Russia proxies in Donbass, plus the guy fought in both Chechen wars, covered other wars as a journalist
Ukraine Reports Fighting Across Nearly The Entire Front
Yeah, I understand why, it was more of a rethoric *why*.
Yes very reasonable response for 5 cases over ~40 mil population, guess it's just those superior slav genes giving us almost complete immunity
Are there any other Slovak slang words for “ass”?
какой же ты мерзкий, просто ужас
Ukraine also has single pot pension system
I lived through what Ukraine is living through now.
All fairytale-ish bears are *Mikhail*s, sometimes even *Mikhail Potapovich* (Mikhail, son of Potap), which is a play on words meaning "Bear son of Stomper" or just "stomping bear".
Understanding the Situation in Ukraine using Maps
Visiting Crime from the Russian territory, or leaving Crimea through Russian territory, is strictly forbidden.
None, except eastern Ukraine for obvious safety reasons, but I wouldn't mind visiting Kiev.
Word, I would love to visit Georgia
Ukraine is truly a land of magical achievements!
Then Poland, Hungary, Slovakia.
I've been to Belarus this summer and they are pretty much satisfied with what they have
You didn't just disagree with us - you joined Putin in using your UNSC veto to obstruct our efforts.
Communist ideas are still common and Stalin is missed by many.
In disctionaries, "kolo" is synonymous with "krug", but etymologically there's a slight difference
I totally agree they are doing crazy things there.
In fact we have one car in the family and it's used by my wife much more frequently
Russia recognizes Ukrainian borders as they are, pays war reparations, and does not attempt to obstruct NATO/EU accession process.
I think if given the choice a lot of people will gladly trade freedom of press and election for stability of being safe, well fed and knowing you won't end up on the street tomorrow
And what needs to be done in Syria and Ukraine?
Not this shit again
What about countries that have something to lose if Russia gets stronger, like Finland or Ukraine?
It is so vegetated
Good, clean beaches and nobody's there, since it's quite close to the war zone (yet completely safe)
I would not say Ukraine and Belarus are developing-world...
So maybe it's not reflected by the study but the steps are being made
Not a specific café, but for a city that takes its coffee really seriously Lviv in Ukraine is hard to beat.
Neither would have *added* anything to NATO but a whole shebang of problems.
Yet again, this "brother nation" thing has to give way to just good-natured coexistence
People are not blind and see what's going on
Oh boy, those things that happen in Poland's independent day  shouldn't be tolerated as well, especially in modern Europe
Partly because of this decision, Ukraine became independent and acknowledged around the world only in 1991
But if Russia tried to invade Estonia or Finland, the reaction in the rest of Europe would be much bigger.
Quite self explanatory
**Pavlo Skoropadskyi** (political leader)
In English:
It's sad how there's still incredible struggles happening in Ukraine but it's simply not relevant anymore thus kept in the dark.
Not because they have some sort of agenda, simply because their audience have become bored with it and they switch over to garage wars.
But the majority of buildings maybe.
I biked all over the country roads all alone at that age, in a mind-numbingly poor and undeveloped late 80's Ukrainian countyside
However, there are not so bad and quite modern private kindergartens, schools, unis, etc
Don't forget about 1917-1921
Lol, we do it the same way, and i thought everybody else does this to
Agreed, overall it's a much better idea to move production to Ukraine.
An early apple variety which is very common in Ukraine
[YUKO - Buvaite Zdorovi]
Salo in chocolate
They can only afford to have some minor border conflicts with countries like Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova.
Strong enough to overpower and dominate the Baltic states, Finland, Ukraine, maybe Poland.
This makes you look like a paid kremlin troll.
After the SU collapse, Crimea's parliament sought independence from Ukraine in 1992 but Ukraine chose to illegally occupy it rather than allow it to hold a referendum.
If Russia really wants to save people there, it should get out of Ukraine and stop sending men and weapon to destabilize the country and particularly the Donbass region.
Good international schools prefer teachers with a few years of experience in their home country.
The diagonal thing is commonly called *winter ventilation* here
Why give aid anyway
Metro 2033/Last Light/Exodus
The white church that the city was named after existed during the times of Kievan Rus and was destroyed by the mongols
Not sure about other flags, but the flag of Ukraine (#4) means exactly that - blue sky and a wheat field.
And Greece beeing the birthplace of Helenic architecture, you'd expect something grand.
And other 3 reactors would serve longer, if not for pressure from international community.
But it's safe to assume people outside of the US know it better than the US Americans themselves know the outside world
It severely limits the ability of people to coordinate, and to even stay updated on the events
Great to know it was interesting to you
The complete «Eneyida» was published after Kotlyarevsky's death in 1842
And maybe you shouldn't discount the feelings of people worried about something that would effect them far more and as a result are far more attuned to subtle changes possibly leading to said event.
Lots of people smoke, but due to different laws and tax codes, smoking costs vary a lot between countries.
My relatives fled Kyrgizia and do quite decent in Saratov region now.
To be fully honest the regime change in Ukraine and Arab spring revolutions were supported more by Europe than by the US.
I won't even be the most drunk
Modern Russian passports look exactly like soviet passports did.
Nobody ban start similar efforts about commemorate other Soviet crimes what make Ukrainians and Ukrainian govt since late '80 in rest of former Soviet Union
By agreeing with Putin on every matter for some reason.
The new no visa doctrine for example.
Ukraine's police chief, who was driving reforms through the country's notoriously corrupt police force, has resigned after a year in the job, complaining of government pressure
Hahaha, what about ⱄⱆⰽⰰ ⰵⰱⰰⱀⰰⱝ ⰱⰾⱔⱅⱐ?)
But sure, we are the mini-Russia.
Just like we needed your gas last year?
The term can be applied to any nationality as well as city dwellers, as long as they fit the criteria
I think it is but I can't tell about whole Ukraine
And every day I see trains filled with Ukrainian work migrants coming in and out of Moscow.
Not to Moldova, not to Belarus, not to Kazakhstan, to the US, Azerbaijan, anywhere in the EU, but Russia
The split of Ukraine was kinda obvious by 2004 for anyone that knew a little bit of geopolitics.
*a small voice in the back of my head*: ^don't ^^screw ^^^it ^^^^up, ^^^^^Ukraine
An invasion of a NATO member makes none, the cost/benefits is ridiculously high.
Seek immediate United Nations Security Council action to provide assistance to Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine, "if Belarus/Kazakhstan/Ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used".
Don't forget about parts of Lithuania and Ukraine, some Czechia and Slovakia lands and Moldava as a vassel.
brave was on both sides
You are right, but Russia uses the same logic to justify their clams over the Crimea
Game developer Grygorovych, creator of STALKER and Cossacks, refuses to attend Russian IT forum: "I'm a citizen of Ukraine, and we're in war with Russia.
Yes, but those interventions tend to be massively unpopular.
So you are saying anyone who disagrees with current foreign policy of their country is a traitor?
Also there is a site called "Scottish English language corpus" with subtitled recordings of people speaking that helped me immensely to learn listening comprehension
lol ok, I wasn't like answering anyway
>Legally, Walloon has been recognized since 1990 by the French Community of Belgium, the cultural authority of Wallonia, as an "indigenous regional language" which must be studied in schools and encouraged
Ukraine is entirely a proxy war.
Quite
And I am not ok with that and their "post irony". [
Problem is after election society will become passive ( again) or will have another trouble (like war back in 2014), so gov will go out of control again
At least, the official ones
Ironically, the Prince of Kyiv had close relatives on both sides of Stamford Bridge
Well duh, anything not in Vojvodina is a barren wasteland and the Internet is just your imagination.
Definetely it was a thing less then 15 years ago - EU border between Hungary and Ukraine, and to lesser extent between Slovakia and Ukraine.
I mean, Minsk is already stacked with  troops
This post looks a lot like victim blaming.
Ukraine needed military aid so that it could defend itself.
If Russia wants to raise the topic they would first need to withdraw all forces from Ukraine and agree to respect Ukraine's borders and rights.
Some people in the Russian speaking areas accepted it.
Don't forget their rebels/green men shot down the plane MH17.
Yeah, pretty much
There is no united Ukraine and a lot of sketchy people.
For example, here in Ukraine you can buy a box of matches for 1 hryvnia, a small bag of crisps for 10 hryvnia and half a kilogramme of cheese for 100 hryvnia
Get Drunk and start telling out very sad stories of our life
Not trying to be rude, just actually curious
because even the shittiest job in Poland pays times more than a good job in Ukraine
In April, Ukraine also banned any Russian films
We complied with this Terrorist state in 2008 already when we refused to let Georgia and Ukraine into NATO after putin threatened to attack those countries.
* new blocks are ugly, overpriced and unpractical as fuck (like those blocks where can live 4200 people and only 100 parking lots
There are some interesting bits though, for example Ukraine sees NATO more as a threat then protection.
And then it's up to him to decide what should they do next.
They don't even have design for one.
Security of Europe is threatened and he's calling on the other nations that bear responsibility for European security to join this initiative.
No amount of military spending would have kept Ukraine safe
I guess, even the best intentions crumble before enough money/power/fear...
it's the name of it in the Ukraine, kazakhstan was fucked just as hard but they don't cry genocide over it.
They invented blitz strategy, they have to know that going through Ukraine with a mordern army would take days not months
at least the region that fights Russia back, when you just let kill on your soil whoever they please with no consequences
Sure
[Wouldn't you like that, cotton boy
So as not to get kicked out, he needs an enemy – but can only afford one major enemy at a time.
Lexically, modern "standard" Russian/Ukrainian are fairly different, but with a lot of common roots.
I wish you the victory in the protests and may those corrupted jerks be reminded that the nation is the authority in the country
In Ukrainian you are to remember each and every stress of each word there is out there because they have no rules behind them
Republican policy was more pro-Ukraine than the Democrats before.
Some people believe that our blue-yellow flag should be yellow-blue instead
Seriously, it looks like a hodgepodge of styles and shapes
The hardest fight is only beginning for Ukraine, the fight with the cancer in their society..
Yeah, the one where they invited international observers, but we refused to send any since the Ukrainian constitution doesn't allow them to secede without the permission of the whole of Ukraine (which, if that logic had been applied consistently, would have required us not to recognise Ukraine's secession from the USSR)
[src]#.D0.A2.D0.BB.D1.83.D0.BC.D0.B0.D1.87.D0.B5.D0.BD.D0.BD.D1.8F_.D1.81.D0.B8.D0.BC.D0.B2.D0.BE.D0.BB.D1.96.D0.BA.D0.B8)
Kamelåså!
Hitler was treating the jews and gypsies as unwanted peoples and pretty much promised to at the very least send them off to concentration camps from day one.
Russia still occupies Crimea and still supports the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Besides the spirits of pretty much everything - from forest (Lisovyk) to sauna (Bannyk) we also had werewolves (Vovkulaka), river mermaids (Mavka) and vampires (Upyr)
I have heard suggestions that the Ukraine would join before Turkey so that a more culturally European block of Ukraine, France and Germany would exist to stop Turkey from having a parliamentary takeover.
"Never heard that country
They described themselves as communists and since they pretty much set an example they are communist
I.e.
We understand that the fact of existence of our counrty is a pain in the ass to someone else.
Like it or not Denmark relies on Trump for its defense.
Oh, and Ukraine is definitely not part of the US sphere of influence.
It has already hit, and overtime the effects are diminishing.
Ironically they also usually have very high opinions of themselves as being influential, but in reality they're just full of shit?
I'm just explaining to others why the few independent educational institutions in your country are being steamrolled and going extinct.
As an example in December he called all CEOs of big Ukrainian gas companies and said them that tomorrow price for gas should be \~10% reduced because people want to celebrate Christmas without worrying about gas price
Most of the area was in present-day Ukraine, so milions of ukrainians perished as a reason of the catastrophic decisions of the Soviet government.
There's no real outcry about the atrocities in Chechnya (which really do may anything the Yanks did in Iraq look tame) or show trials or the body-bags coming back from Ukraine or the regular murders of journalists and opposition politicians.
Church people put you to prisons, security services make terror attacks, constitution of state is an extremist document, bombing civilians is liberating them, starting a war is bringing peace.
All of the beauty of the past Prussian capital was either destroyed during the war of after it.
Around half of those were Georgians.
•Serbs oppress Croats and Bosniaks
For one, my country is being torn by war and conflict at the moment
He was the first that came back alive
"Russia" and "Ukraine" are monoliths, their people, their governments and their states all in one.
•Big bad Serbian dictator died and Yugoslavia started to crumble
Crimea is currently part of Ukraine so the Ukrainian constitution applies to it.
it was given as a gift from Russia to Ukraine by Khrushchev, and is 90%+ Russian
I guess cafeterias here would have it as well
What comes arround goes arround logic here?
In Ukrainian, it's "*як почуваєшСЯ/yak pochuvayeshSIA*" (a reflexive verb)
This flag was the official flag of independant Belarus after USSR collapsed in 1991
I think the US is in a Cold War with Russia, which is being continuously escalated.
If there is any way that a public work can be botched, half-assed, or cost-slashed by giving it to inadequate, uncaring, or usually straight corrupt contractors, it will be done in the most atrocious way possible
I understand a bit of Bulgarian, but Slovenian and Serbo-Croatian are gibberish to me
alas, I doubt these regulations will be enough to end it
Whereas Ukraine, Bulgaria and parts of Russia are moving further away.
However, I believe it's about the image of the personality and its radical lingual shift, not some real changes of body language whatsoever
Is Oleg Sentsov famous in Ukraine, outside of the current incarceration scandal?
did they break the laws or you just want them dead because you disagree with them ?
Grammatically patronymics are adjectives (I guess
It means he gets to control the Black Sea ports in a de facto nature while ensuring NATO won't get anywhere near Ukraine.
So I think other factors play a bigger role.
Derived from the Russian word for "black" (cherny), chernukha began as a perestroika phenomenon, a rejection of the enforced optimism of official Soviet culture
Maybe it was so good that he had an epiphany.
I identity myself first as foremost as Ukrainian, then as a western Ukrainian, then as a European and then as a Slav
Yeah, that is quite common, but in more corrupt countries like Ukraine and Russia, the alien criminals are allowed to continue their criminal acts, as long as they support the government.
Which is why it's important for Ukraine to behave in an acceptable manner.
Please don't stop Білорусь !
I think it's asinine to ponder over legality in the Ukraine clusterfuck in the first place.
Integration with the EU would also mean long term growth for Ukraine's economy and thus also for trade.
In Russian, there's also a slightly outdated slang term *"мыло/mylo"* (literally means "soap")
Thats where you see Ukraine fall.
Lies
Can't wait for the next season
Like, these cathedrals and streets and statues, everything's the same, but look at that PIPE
but you suggest a black and white solution, where EU just shuns Ukraine altogether
Not from Ukraine, but I remember Russian channel ran a story about how ancient Ukrainians dug up the Black Sea so they could wash themselves
There's also a huge difference between Russia supporting seperatists in Ukraine, and attacking a NATO member.
Later Dicke went on to prove his theory
Meanwhile, we aren't imperialist at all and, for example, don't try to make Poles accept Ukrainian as a second official language since there're millions of Ukrainians in Poland
Also I am well aware that Ukraine is not in the EU but it is in Europe and Russia does threaten the EU.
What fascinates me (morbidly) is that poor people slowly devolve "to their roots", i.e., don't have excesses and don't look too far into the future; don't read, don't strive, don't think of politics or the country as a whole - only of their household and what they're going to eat during the month/week/day, depending on the acuteness of their poverty
Thanks for the info
To be honest, the trains were really nice and modern, just as nice as you'd have in W.
Quite a lot close to Caucasian oil fields :)
Did you missed one big "In Ukraine" in their logo?:
Only in Ukraine did things get violent after the West interfered in the structures of power.
90% of the country is save, so taking people directly is not necessary.
In Ukrainian, "krayina" is the word for "country".
It really depends on conditions of a peace treaty.
There are a lot of towns similar to it in Eastern Ukraine without anything fun at all like Kramatorsk or Kamianske
The Balts have reinstated conscription and are in full the Russians are coming mode, Ukraine is understandably extremely trigger happy to anyone who doesn't use Latin "I" in their cyrillics.
Does UA even have many units around Kiev?
The entire album was posted on the sub previously.
[Ukraine] World's largest catacomb system is in...
Never go to Russia, that's a silly place.
Prepare couple of stacks and finish cleaning borders.
We've been cooperating with NATO under Partnership for Peace since forever as well, that didn't bring us closer to a MAP.
You just have to use a bit of critical thinking and it becomes clear
I'm happy to answer any questions about what it's like in Eastern Ukraine now.
Also yes
But yes, winters are getting milder for sure
Borshch, varenyky, pies, porridges, were common, as long as people's harvest wasn't taken from them
A majority of the eastern European countries push to build a wall.
I do my best to speak without, but if i can't i wouldn't feel ashamed for this
Well I think now would be the time, after seeing Crimea and Ukraine, to build a conventional force that would be useful in potential conflict with Russia, I think that demand from the Americans is completely fair.
I.e "Russia's security is threatened by NATO bases in the Baltics" - now you know that before Russia invaded Ukraine they were talking about 200 troops.
You absolutely need one here, because public transport here is awful
The only thing Ukraine can do is to wait.
No western leader measures up to him, thats for sure, moral issues aside (from a western point of view).
These are usually served with plant oil+roasted onions (+roasted bacon again, optionally)
You can't possibly grasp the idea that people may have one opinion or critique towards a state's government, another towards its people and a third towards the country in general.
attack on the people's political freedom
We have our problems and we don't need import them.
Funding different right-wing parties is one of them
One would expect that a russian map would see Crimea as russian territory.
Yes, USA, UK and Russia have guarantees to preserve Ukrainian sovereignty and territory
The Maidan people seemed to see themselves as fighting for the EU against Russia, and feel betrayed that the EU is leaving them to do all the fighting.
currently Russia gradualy loosing almost all of its leverages in Ukraine (of course except for full-fledged invasion).
Lol, I live in Ukraine and I saw a car passing by on a highway, it was moving 230 km/h. And police didn't react to this
Can't say for other countries, but for Ukraine this country is utter BS
So "*burattino*" in Italian is a puppet
Ukraine tries to be as cautious as possible in this conflict
Some don't, but most do
As for myself, knowing two Slavic languages makes things a bit easier
•Yugoslavia collapses, everybody fights everybody
You know, Ukraine considered joining NATO, and Russia didn't react very well.
It sounds not too bad in English, but a neutral word-for-word translation to Russian sounds poor because it's a story, not a criminal report
What I think of Serbs is based by what they did historically
As for me it's only traffic cops.
Clean hands for people, which drive the war, clean conscience for executors.
That is why I asked to be corrected if I'm wrong.
Europe however is not a country like the US is.
Send in an international military coalition to kick out so-called "rebels" in cooperation with Ukrainian military
Judging by the facts that this is the only video on the channel and it has 8 subscribers (at the moment) the channel was created just to post the video.
That's **the** thing, once again :) if you want to turn dry wine into acceptable dessert one (why the fuck would you want to do it, but nevermind) you shoud add not only sugar, but also acid.
Our Baltic brothers
It's not "some Russians". For the vast majority of Russians, Katyn either didn't happen or it was justified
Yes, and they're already kind of independent (if you can call being a puppet of Russia independence), but we are at war with them
Every so often they do a test, and its fucking awesome.
I'm not sure where Scandinavia comes in, because it's expensive and you should be looking east rather than north, because going north generally makes things more expensive.
Vi ste hrabri momci
Kuwait didn't have the facilities to prevent the Iraqi takeover.
And just talking about this subject invites strong partisan opinions
Long run but we'll make it
**Ivan Kotliarevsky** (poet)
* when I vaguely remember the word appropriate to describe a particular thing or phenomena, but it's mostly gibberish; I wonder if such word actually exists or if my brain's just playing games with me
Had she been banned before Russia made it official she was to represent them, it'd been okay.
Haha, continuing the good ol’ European tradition of shit-talking the Ottomans
For text content I guess check out /r/askarussian
Maybe in the future I will read lyrics to other nations anthems
"History of Ukraine" seems to only exist in Ukraine, right
To get temporary passport we would need to go to our embassy with the report from the police
and a bit tired Mercedeses
Crimea is a big enough sink hole of Russian state funds, why would (or could) Russia take on on all the liabilities of an annexed and possibly war-damaged Ukraine?
And you cannot debate with the argument of "Yeah but Russia have undemocratic system".
Also trump backing down from his promises before he's even president is good.
With such huge difference in wages and value of currency it will loose huge chunk of it's productive population and the big chunk of the rest of the economy will be based on remittances (which according to EU double taxation laws can't be taxed in Ukraine)
By the way, according to the russian history, they almost never invaded or conquered someone, they always ''liberated'' territories or ''pacified'' them.
Tell that to Moldova where Russia just stole the elections and nobody is lifting a finger.
For nice clean borders, we need to add Belarus, Ukraine, Switzerland and Norway plus kick the Irish out.
This isn't 1943 anymore friend.
The center and tourist spots may be relatively safe, but everything further from it, especially, sleeping blocks aren't 100% safe, and find troubles for your fifth spot may be very easy
Ukrainians and Belarusians used to be considered ethnic Russian before the Mongol (Golden Horde) invasion.
You can listen [here]
Depopulated, unrecognised, ignored, and designated as a permanent warzone.
One funny thing is that at least 1/3 of Russian households still don't have gas
Basically, if it doesn't have a name of a soviet politician or a clear reference to USSR - it's up to the city itself
* Mutant - because Europe, and especially [the EU] looks like those monsters made of doll parts
But , without mechanism of realization of "guarantees " as 2014 year showed
Cursive for Cyrillic languages and printed-like for Latin languages, except German for some reason
Germany: No
W7-X isn't designed to operate tritium.
Could you explain the last fact please
Putin is pretty mad, but hes not an idiot
"Зробились ми великої години"?
Look at all that red in Russia/Ukraine, the Middle East, and Africa north of the Congo.
But these an army-like training camps for boys and men have existed long before a war in Ukraine.
a place where that punishment would take place.
Additionally, Ukraine became an associate member state of the CIS Economic Union in 1994 and Turkmenistan an associate member state of the CIS in 2005
Лише 80%? Мені завжди здавалося, що ми розуміємо мови одне одного на 98-100%, навіть в усній формі. Я без проблем дивлюся відео білоруською. Деякі слова дуже схожі, а деякі можна просто вгадувати. Наприклад, август (рус) - це жнівень (біл) або серпень (укр) - обидва вказують на час жнив.
>And Ukraine to put their emblem on their flag, it's so cool
_See, the glory's born again,_
Nazis thing for sure
Russia and Bulgaria were about to build one as well.
Why do Hamon and Melenchon run separately?
Nobody forbids demand to recognize such actions as genocide.
Poll in France: Which country contributed the most to the defeat of Germany in 1945
At least they could agree to stick to one version of lies to not embarrass themselves further
I am unbelivably pissed at the choice our country made and had I not had children at school here I would have pulled them out and moved to my office in Stockholm.
God, I miss Krautchan so much
* Scythia-Sarmatia (though it's not so relevant to Slavs)
Because, personally, I didn't notice this message.
I'd call it overall **national Renaissance**. Ukraine is becoming Ukraine instead of the UkrSSR
Yes ot seems I was mistaken to think that the french came up with star forts.
Serbia, if it manages to solve its territorial and ethnic issues (10-20 years from now).
\~ five years ago I liked to eat borsch with a ton of pepper or sauce in it where smetana just not fit in
We took a lot of refugees from Ukraine.
This photo was also banned during USSR times
Crimea had been Russian for hundreds of years before that.
They on vacation
Donbass and Crimea aren't some tiny regions, and as far as I can remember, they didn't supported the Maidan.
The more of a russian puppet she shows herself to be, the fewer chances she'll have at winning the presidency.
Request For Extradition Of Ukrainian Tycoon Firtash
Fuck Ukraine for making it political.
What he miscalculated, I think, is Russian people's passivity
See Ukraine trade deal referendum, right?
For one, I'm pretty sure that many people in the eastern Ukraine are pro-Russian, but mostly Russia can't allow the EU to come that close to them.
I don't have to elaborate anymore.
Some details: he bought four firearms, stole combat ammo at military base, shoot animals.
The EU only spends like a billion or so each year.
Of course if you are not Nemtsov.
Trust me, we are not prepared
Worth visiting
And yet we have many examples of well functioning democracies, often in formerly authoritarian countries (like the entire Eastern Bloc west of Belarus and Ukraine).
Soviets OCCUPIED the rest
Hitler was not voted in by a majority at first, but various victories, such as reoccupation of the Rhineland, perceived incompetence of the League of Nations and the west, Anschluss, annexation of Czechoslovakia, and eventually amazing victories against both Poland and France (who, besides jokes, was one of the strongest military powers on Earth, and a nation that Germany failed to take for 4 years 20 years before), meant that by that time support for Hitler was enormous.
It might be difficult for people to acknowledge, but that is the reality.
I may well be wrong but my impression is that the US has been putting pressure on Europe to keep the sanctions when I think it should be the other way around.
So I can't say whether the map makes any sense for other countries, but for Ukraine it is totally made-up nonsense
Historically, Russian has been in contact with Polish, Ukrainian, Belarusian, and Church Slavonic (the language of the Bible which linguistically is a South Slavic language)
You mean Ukraine received empty promises.
Let us hope it is only temporary and we can let Ukraine in in 20 years.
That is some outright fascism towards Ukraine.
Green tea with milk is also a thing, it just needs to be very strongly brewed
They're smart and know how to dig under fences to get those free snacks
I know that Poland has taken in many refugees from Ukraine, and that is certainly a wonderful thing.
Absolutely not like population of Ukraine viewed themselves as Russians before Soviet times.
Its a jab at Belarus claiming to be the rightful predecessor of the Dutchy of Lithuania.
In Ukraine people usually say «you will clean the courtyards of the city»
The area was also known under the historical term, Wild Fields
None of them are companies affiliated with Russia yet results come out with the majority of Crimeans wanting to secede from Ukraine.
Ever since the rug had faint shoeprint marks that were impossible to remove, so we had to remove the rug instead
Can't speak for you, I live in Italy and it requires two years before mainstream media started questioning the good faith of the promoters of the revolution.
all the damn soviet names we got rid of (expect in crimea)
I mean you can discuss MOBA game then someone sticks something political and shitstorm begins.
There are people that speak Russian and pass it to their children, and believe it's very convenient that we can speak Russian in some former Soviet countries
Area: 533,615 km2 (5th in Europe, behind Ukraine but ahead of Spain)
I can't help but find similarities to the 2010 election in Ukraine.
Also nationalism can be used to fuel revanchism.
Also for Ukraine it's not really offensive too, since this area is the origin of the whole "Rus'" and "Russia" name, which later [was hijacked by Muscovites]
as far as I remember, it was a huge mess last time it was held in Ukraine too.
Crap
Svoboda lost influence on all levels, including Western Ukraine
Money you'll get anyway
Why Normans are differentiated from Vikings?
Seeing Ukraine side by side in 2013 and 2014 is just sad.
What about drowned horses
The eastern partnership is just the same old ''Drang nach osten''.
О = at (time)
Relations with Russia will likely always be semi hostile.
in 2018 to regulate the American big internet companies in our continent and guarantee the protection of personal data.
I like no-name Chinese candy but if I eat more than 3 in a short time span, I feel like I'm going to throw up
They love it because it hurts the West.
These are my favorite spots: Nesamovyte lake, Shpyzi, Homiak mountain, and Goverla (but I recommend the path from Nesamovyte lake)
for any fucking reason our propaganda can make up
From my interactions with Russians I can tell that they usually can't understand spoken Ukrainian and have trouble reading it
You mean occupation of Eastern Poland in 1939 by polish-soviet
As Ukrainian, I know that it's better to keep trying to do something than do nothing and afraid that "next government will be the same or worse".
It is common name
Telling his citizens that they have to band together to fight the "nazis" in Ukraine has been pretty effective and rallying the Russian people behind him again.
Its Ukraine's fault for denying them a referendum, they have a right to fight their ideals.
Every summer there's a new heat wave, worse than the last one
Not only it was agreed earlier, it only deals with personal accounts, not corporate or trusts.
It's amusing that what is happening in Ukraine is so illegal in Russia even advocating for separatism, not even acting on it, carries a jail term.
Kiev Is Fueling the War in Eastern Ukraine, Too
Kefir, ryazhenka, chicory with milk, kompot (or properly uzvar) or plain water.
Probably Turkey will get quicker than you into that list
Now the default one has to be in Ukrainian, and then you can switch
Donetsk, Ukraine
"I was just standing there, waiting for 30 mins until I desided to hop on another route which naturally took me longer".
Nationalists' ratings are on the same level as his, if Tiahnybok would get very lucky.
It's like if a republican party starts calling whatever shit trump will do trumpinism to distance themselves and pretend like he wasn't a member of their party
Bears, deer, wolves, all of them are now in plenty there
* **quail**: mostly grown for eggs, but tapaka style flat quail is top
You mean 2008 when Georgia "attacked first" right in moment when russian forces amassed for "defense" and built a railroad to make defense more comfortable?
" (1880) by Panas Myrny
What do you mean by the opposite side
It's the same for Turkey and Ukraine is actually poorer than us.
The interesting thing will be NATO commitments.
&#x200B;
If you put your idealistic ideals above the wellbeing of your people, even when confronted with the reality of the damaged social cohesion/parallel societies formed in some EU countries, then you do not deserve to govern that people and will be replaced as shown by the recent election results/shift to the right.
The Russians have the possibility to repair ties right now, without Trump's involvement: by fixing their attitude and doing the responsible thing.
This is some shit for students not tourists.
Fun thing about it is that more or less rich parents typically just go abroad with their children, so population in camps is capped by income, unlike for example school
Ukraine is a sovereign and independent, democratic, social, law-based state
^^^^^/s And we have services in the US for Spanish only speaking people almost everywhere.
> How are the radiation levels
Naphtali would be just about the weirdest name here, but it sounds cool
You can send them to jail, threat them with guns or whatever.
Unlike downshifting, these are not fun and ecological activities - they're genetic survival mechanisms
Eggs
Judging from Wikipedia sources, they basically did it because they could
Don't know why you're taking this so personally...Oh, and whataboutism is a tool of Russian propagandists, please stop enabling it.
We have enough military in NATO, but Europeans should be serious and give more for defence.
It seems that you either purposefully exclude or just forgot that fact that both territorial conflicts in Ukraine resulted in economic sanctions against Russia.
Do people ride on roads on such bikes
The Referendum had nothing to do with our poliics.
It has slightly more Ukrainians (16%) than Sevastopol (14.2%) and Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug (9.7%).
For Ukraine, unfortunately, everything east of Dnipro
5-1 euro/litre
So that's how Murica got all dem guns.
Especially polish rap, sounds much like french rap(for obvious nasal reasons).
"Kaidash's Family" (1878) by Ivan Nechuy-Levytsky
it was quite clearly backed by the US, no different from what Russia do in east Ukraine and the Caucasus.
People can buy a hot drink everywhere, at a bus stop, in a park, in supermarkets, in stores that sell electronics and other non-edible stuff
I'm sure the number would be far below 50% for Ukraine before 2014.
They already ensured Ukraine won't be able to join NATO or the EU for a long time.
Or do you require the unattainable level of proof Putin fans wanted to see that falsely blamed the downing of MH17 on Ukraine?
Well, I'm part of the Finnish reserve and we are buying artillery like mad(Ukraine fighting has been controlled via artillery) and updating our air defense and airforce to cope with the perceived Russian threat.
But Poland in some languages is "lechistan", "lahistan" and stuff.
Actually British isles are much better for agriculture than Ukraine...
Meanwhile Poland offers their education for as low as $500-1000 per semester, even less for talented kids, but the thing is I doubt (especially after talking to their representatives at recent 'Education in Poland' promo-event)  Polish education in those matters is much better than Ukrainian, and Ukrainian is just meh at most
Basically Yanukovich was a beggar comparing to Putin
**Volodymyr Monomakh** (ruler of Kievan Rus)
I understand why Inner London is rich, but man, what's in NE Scotland?
Ukraine is not even a candidate member.
It's the loss for your party
because they don't believe anyone is equal, let alone to them
Looks strange compared to its neighbors
I have similarly looking windows in the main room of my commie block apartment (very similar mechanism, pseudo wood finishing, three glass pieces for better insulation, and UV-reflective glazing) but mine are still much cheaper than the one in the video
For what I wrote in /r/ukrainianconflict/ .
The poster girls for Ukrainian poverty usually are elderly women in kerchiefs, near a decaying hut, selling homegrown food on asphalt, or begging on the corner (relevant [google picture search]
Although I honestly have never been to Slovenia.
Belarus doesn't recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as well.
I can't think of anything expect for violence and abuse - at home, schools, work and army.
This is a common russian geopolitical strategy to keep border states unstable and reliant of Russia for peace, and they did the same thing with Georgia by backing the Abkhazians and Ossetians, and in Moldova with Transnistria.
Just build a beer pipeline from Plzeň already.
There would be no such thing as closing the border...
East Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, MH17, combative posturing, creeping invasion in Georgia, etc.
That's why a union is important.
Crimeans wanted a referendum to leave Ukraine for a long time and majority of the people were for it.
Same for Europeans - they just look different, and it's not only about biology or fashion sense; people of the same nationality often have similar facial expressions
Paramilitaries fight in Ukraine just fine on both sides.
Ukraine is not in Western Europe, nor is it in the EU.
I really don't get nationalism to this extend.
Video: Saakashvili shows old video of him with Trump to prove they are friends.
But it doesn't have sense about getting the same GDP, as the country lost part of it's territories and population.
Моя хата скраю, нічого не знаю (My house is at the edge, I know nothing) = I don't want to know anything [about it], I don't care
after all these events I do not see EU as efficient organisation, even in it's current state it is pretty helpless and can't agree on very simple things like refugees, and I'm not even talk about "real problem" like war, in 5-10 years people like you most likely will destroy EU.
The Ukrainian public was opposed to NATO membership until after Russia attacked Ukraine.
You can see it much closer with Ukraine
I thought that everyone now realizes all the stupidity of this argument...
Politicization of internet has to stop.
Entering occupied Ukrainian territory via uncontrolled border crossings is illegal in Ukraine and may get you on a blacklist if you've visible enough.
Ukraine, Romania and Transnistria/Moldova?
But every authoritarian regime before Putin was claiming that there is no alternative to them for the society if that society wants to lead a safe, stable life.
You are so full of bs it's not even entertaining.
I've already told about it on Reddit, the name Michael is inseparable with the animal bear in Russian since the diminutive for a bear is "*misha*" and the nickname for "Mikhail" (Michael) is also "Misha".
In Russian it's Germania but Nemci, while in Ukrainian it's Nimci and Nimechchina (yeah, double ch).
Only the Ultra religious
Ukraine was not part of the same country as Russia in 2008.
Відень (smth like "Viden'")
Yeah he wants the various nations that benefit from American military to foot more of the bill, but that isn't exactly an unreasonable request if you basically fall back on the yanks to defend you.
Metro 2033/Last Light/Exodus
It's not about personal safety, I assume
The culmination was losing the first Chechen war to a bunch of wahabites and mercenaries.
Guess why we even had all those treaties and independent countries?
Taras Shevchenko- Ukrainian Poet
You are not supposed to ask any questions.
French Belarusian
I'd say it was historically a dual form, which survived in strange rule of how to use nouns with numerals
In Ukrainian it is called Щедрик
Finland wants to have the best artillery in Europe (and the world) Because of the experiences gained from the war between Ukraine and Russia has shown artillery is still very relevant (85% of casualties has been caused by artillery)
But Ukraine isn't part of the NATO.
Ukraine is such a huge victim of the damned Dutch who voted against the deal in the referendum.
Ukraine investigates suspected cyber attack on Kiev power grid
Exclusive: Dutch to demand limits on Ukraine deal at EU summit
Elections, Kremlin Propaganda Reveals
>proto-Slavic or Old Church Slavonic
Russia could overrun Ukraine in a few days-weeks, but they may not be able to take Turkey at all, due to the geography of Turkey, and their strong military power.
Their horses learned to swim
Yeah, ninja'd it in)
Even if that were the case (which it is not), it alters little about the fact that Russia invaded and occupies Ukraine.
Russian flag have white and blue in different order
For historical reasons, most Ukrainians are fully bilingual (with one of the languages being the primary one)
We have neither cultural nor political similarities with Russia, Ukraine or Belarus which are bulwark of E.
or updating their airframes/rebuilding their airframes in Ukraine.
Hopefully, Minsk 2 will go through and they will get their autonomy with own laws.
We all are for multiculturalism
It's "Russian opposition news" wholly owned by Gazprom-media.
He also has said that he'll work with Russia to defeat ISIS in Syria, and when he was asked about Ukraine, he said the people of Crimea would rather be with Russia.
They also come closer to check what's up
And capitalism costed more than 100 million in the 20-th century alone...
We became the centerpiece of international politics and I believe our government utilized it pretty well
You know there is currently a land war in Eastern Europe right?
Gotta take some neighbours land or people will start to bump into eachother
"If you have acted like a milk-cap, then go into the basket" (I never really understood this)
You just fill the application, pay and go to a prearrenged interview whilist for EU visa I had to take 2 days off work (one to give the application and another one to get my passport back), gather all the imaginable papers to prove that I can actually pay for my 2 week trip, bank statements.
Not everyone uses them
Lol so scared and envious right now.
Ukraine as part of the soviet union was a national group.
It seems like Ukraine in 2014 was very close to becoming Hungary 1956 or Prague 1968.
Big screen, good sound, nice seats and cheaper then buying a blue ray or DVD.
“Oh, that’s basically Russia right
They are just fighting while other are slacking.
**Earth** --> *"Земля/Zemlia"* feminine, often depicted as a woman, a mother
Ukraine's President Vows to Resume Coal Supply From East
How is VW lying about air pollution from cars they produce similar to some assholes modding their own cars?
But Hillary killed thousands of people.
Nonetheless, I am still 100% sure that 'freedom over everything' is way overrated
Will they ban me in Sweden if I breach their entering/staying regulations?
I may be wrong ofc, just wondering
Fuck off, nazi scum
Can say for Ukraine, we don't have bazillion kids.
Illovaisk was one of two cases where "rebels" decisively won.
No, i am not a native English speaker, so i shouldn't have perfect English pronunciation without an accent
As in the current state ~ 30 year
I learned to ride at 3 years old
E.g., I know what "old as the hills" means, but if I didn't, I'd say "very old". It's still correct, but less metaphoric/more precise
We gotta take back sub-Carpathian Rus from Ukraine then.
Russia invaded Ukraine and started a nationalist pointless war so i am against Russia if Ukraine did the same i would be against Ukraine.
* And after that, they just say their Name+Patronymic or wave their hand saying it's fine to just use their name
i agree that people need to understand that while using internet THEY SHOULD LEAVE AS LITTLE DATA AS POSSIBLE, more privacy and fuck the tech giants
Truly great Empire
so it is true - Ukraine is not Europe
They did not protest or revolt against Ukraine or new Ukrainian government.
I was afraid to have family dinners turn into heated political discussions where it'd be "me against them" as, sadly, I sometimes experience here in Germany with the Russian part of my family.
Yep
Well, I don't think anyone doesn't know anything
It's not about justice but efford.
2017 will be the year of offense*" ?
I think those songs might be slightly, just slightly, offensive
- infrastructure development, technological development
Like Sweden or Poland or Ukraine ever had significant colonies.
Russia itself has had some very undemocratic processes happen aswell, we haven't sanctioned them for that.
You are just repeating Kremlin propaganda about sovereign nations the Kremlin already considers its territory, even if it hasn't yet annexed it.
I'm from the Czech republic, so from a country which is geographically most western from the Eastern European countries.
* **pigeons**: pretty good in stew, not the city rat variety, of course
It's just a joke Ukraine, please laugh comrade.
Well, our languages sound similar, but it's an another culture.
And made of Troy a heap of litter
> Surströmming
We've all heard that Charlemagne is basically the ancestor of most modern Europeans today, at least that's what every single news article about this says.
[Ukraïner] it has English captions
Very small population and not really close to Greece really.
hey
[Go_A - Жальменіна]
Kosovo don't want to be part of Serbia and want to be part of Albania, that was the reason Kosovo was created.
Well as I explain later on, if what putin said is true, then ethnic Russians are a negative externality on any given government.
Just realizing that he's a president in real life is such tragicomedy that we need no other jokes
It's also sweet and a little sour, with a hint of dried fruits
Go take a history class before taking such stances
Personally I want to see Polan as part of V4 instead and keep Belarussian and Ukrainian areas to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania political bloc in the future, because the ONLY way Belarus and Ukraine would ever become part of EU is through Grand Duchy of Lithuania, because not too many institutions even exist there, both have or potentially could have separatist regions, not really have been considered as part of "true Europe," so is the only way to join the Western world again, which they used to be a part of, even though as "backwater" area, but still as the breadbasket of Europe.
Ironically, most Latin script supporters advocate for political reasons (radical distancing from everything Russian) while 150 years ago the Cyrillic script [was considered to be one of the national cornerstones] One of the things we could do is devise an adequate Latin alphabet for Ukrainian.
**2)** Another topic is the weather
We have enough work to be done before attempting to join EU.
I read the Russian press, they were denigrating the Kaczinskis with all their might and were happy when Tusk won the election, as they saw him as more Russia-friendly.
The people I talked with hated the conflict, because they think corruption is keeping the conflict running on purpose.
Both Iraq and Libya were persuaded to cancel their nuclear programs.
I mean, militarily speaking, Turkey is more then capable of defeating Greece, Bulgaria, and Romania in a conventional war.
Saying that volhynian massacre was a genocide isn't doing anything anti-ukranian, it's just saying that facts are facts.
It depends, the numbers of non-European ancestry in Ukraine must be really small.
They called the police and ER and asked them to detain him
There is a long list of Polish rulers, all sources even gave the same names but somehow our schools won't teach about that, at least now as it was in curriculum in 1920.
Our whole cuisine is poor people food
It's not necessarily "dictating".
A lot of Ukrainians feel very similar about Croatia
They also don't travel enough to feel uncomfortable enough to learn a foreign language or two
I thank Poland , for helping us
I dont see room for me
The thing with Nazists in Ukraine is they may not be the majority, but they're the ones who care most about what's going on.
He took a bag, and with a lust -
The city no one can exit
You're also definitely in luck that the vast, vast majority of Russians have no idea that Finland used to be part of the Russian Empire
Damn I went all over Europe this summer and I remember saying "tak" somewhere as thank you but I didn't go to any of the countries listed on here that use that word, also used spesibo in Ukraine.
I never claimed to be tolerant.
The first thing I thought was I can definitely swim that.
No more euromoney
Navalny ought to stop complaining and being such a wuss.
What is the advantage of border controls with Hungary and Bulgaria?
* If it's the main calorific dish, the filling is usually meat, roasted bacon, egg, potato, stewed cabbage (separately or somehow combined)
Pretty everything in government education system
no, they do not deserve
Russia uses the diaspora as a tool to hurt other countries.
As for *dinner* vs *supper*, there must be some regional difference
Only together can you stand strong and demand better prices and secure supply.
>Also connected to Slovaks
In this world it doesn't matter, what you do, if you are appointed to be an enemy - you will become an enemy.
Do you think this would be the result of him getting tough with Russia and intervening in Ukraine?
Probably quite challenging to collect, as I understand.
But ones that agreed to go back, be very quiet and cooperate are safe.
Yes, that's where it is supposed to work.
I speak to people from Europe all day on it.
It saddens me to live in a time where it's necessary to _force_ russia to do all this stuff that should be normal.
It's almost like a scenes from some crazy,  dystopian movie, except this is real
I don't know how it happens in other countries, but this year Ukraine's entry will be extremely unremarkable.
But comrade, why use old and outdated design (even if you can modernize it a bit) if you can
It also means de-facto ban once user gets negative carma.
Black Square, lol
It was hard to learn, but now I can speak with you
And I felt like there's a lot of people living all around my places
So far the russians seem to be batting well enough.
For example "Для мене, наприклад, це не є важко, але для людей, що не вчилися добре чи для іноземців, це важко зрозуміти".
Tell that to Ukraine and the Baltic states.
Who needs heroin, when there's krokodil, comrade?
We all know Ukraine is buffer zone between Russia and Europe
All this talk without mentioning or even recognizing the reality where Russia has invaded Ukraine and killed at least 10 000 people.
[OSCE's representatives are staying right near Ukrainian tanks in Avdeevka and do nothing to stop them.]
Many more people here believe that they should be independent and now believe that Ukraine is attacking our land.
Nah, it's either three-nation union or we all are fucked for next thousand of years (again).
The bigger elephant in the room is the issue with Crimea and eastern part of Ukraine, considering the contest takes place in Kiev.
Independent Moldova,Ukraine and Georgia would be nice.
As a person from Donetsk I ask the Europeans to rememeber one thing.
And States became independent - and war was between this states.
I guess you're meaning the [bottom right]
So Russians soldiers are in Ukraine?
Especially since Americans or Canadians that identify as Ukrainian are often well informed in the customs and culture.
The same big Empire that collapsed, the same broad federation of many nations that privileged heavily the main one, the same superiority complex etc
You want to actually see something when you go.
You can't demand to recognize some of Golodomor.
I guess they're just too slow...
What if he's gonna Make America Great Again?
The status quo suits Russia well.
Crimea is not a disputable territory.
As for our media, that's where you're a bit off
I simply want the divorce on the quickest possible terms.
Congrats Ukraine you are winner!
To be fair to her, I can see the Russians' point on Crimea.
Let's not pretend - it was the US that set all the ME on fire - Iraq, Libya, Syria and it was their making to "fuck the EU" (as the other bitch AsstSoS Nuland declared openly) with the flood of immigrants which might as well bring the EU down.
Westinghouse: Only Ukraine applies EU’s nuclear diversification policy
The law defines the criteria that Ukraine must meet before it can join and the moment it meets these criteria is the earliest it will be able to do so.
Just to illustrate:
Yeah, everyone does
They know that there are no crucifications of babies and no fascists.
**Varenyky** are both food and dessert
* **ostrich**: tastes beefy to me, works well done kebab-style
Ukraine's problem is its wealth inequality, its catastrophic dependence on the oligarchy, its corrupted courts.
They are removed in the backseats of taxis and people pretty much always drive around without a seatbelt.
All of us understand both languages but not all of us speak both of them equally well and comfortably, including me
Didn't really work out for Zaporozhians in the long run.
Russia invaded Ukraine twice in the past two years alone.
I've no idea about this "lover hierarchy", besides, Slavic people are different within themselves
As a proper earworm, the song had covers, parodies, etc
With wheat in very short supply there was an improvement at a children's ward of coeliac patients
It's Ukraine and calling it the Donetsk people's republic only legitimizes them.
Russia is a demoralized shithole.
74% answered "to weaken and humiliate Russia", while only 5% said "to stop the war in Eastern Ukraine".
You just have to use a bit of critical thinking and it becomes clear
Slovakia, Romania, Moldova, Hungary - not a threat at all
The "best" soils are on the steppes, so places like Ukraine or the American plains.
So basically waste collector plays claw crane on his job.
> If we compare to Ukraine which has or at least close to single digit  infections in a population of 42m and they're way better prepared then  Sweden
Revolution, Independence, Bolshevik occupation and terrorism
Upd
If we were really some kind of international mafia, you guys might actually be spending money to protect your own asses.
Yes, after you finish the tree you need some practice with native speakers, and while you're at it, you get a job and a place to live
*Tovarisches* vanished simultaneously with the USSR, though
&#x200B;
Poor russia has a deficit of territory and excess of population
What about the difference between "ch" and "h"
I forgot the name
Trump expects Russia to return Crimea to Ukraine - White House
Those renovations ruined the castle look of the castle.
No, Russia captured Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and subsequently annexed it, just like Germany did with Sudetenland in 1939.
When was the last time you saw some actual updates on the Baltics, Ukraine or Turkey?
But it is wrong to ignore them.
Worth a visit, but I'd go to one of the Baltic countries or Ukraine on the same trip.
Once upon a time in Odesa, I was called a nationalist just for speaking Ukrainian in Ukraine
>Germany's northern border is about the same latitude as the southern end of Scotland
Even though my President will not, this American stands with NATO, stands with the EU, our European brethren, our friends in Ukraine and the Baltics.
d) hey, it wasn't for free
Yes that's true
'MURICA will come to the rescue of NATO ally with it's [famous USS Missouri] ;_;7
As an American, Europeans have spoken time and time again.
I dunno, I kinda like Athens, it's just so enormous and chaotic and cozy at the same time
Out of all foreign powers to rule our lands Grand Duchy of Lithuania is easily seen as the best one
\> Ukraine no longer does \[protect the rights of minorities\]
We're not talking about specific regions, we're talking about legitimizing armed invasions
we already have east vs west but Budjak on the enthnic map looks like its own Balkans
My major point was about the continental aspect tho, imagine if Serbia were to have a war again, I would hope the EU would step in to end the fighting, we can't be a civilized continent and continue to have endless wars plop up everywhere.
But you know, it's all jokes until *some eastern neigbour* desides that your country is too independent
Also add fact that we for the last 20 years wanted to be buffer state - not with Russia, not with the West
I wear them occasionally when I'm not in the mood to take a bag or backpack with me, they are quite handy and comfortable, and I am not fashionable myself.
In the end, Ukraine will be left without Crimea, with autonomous Donbas, with a standard of life similar to the 90s and no prospects for the near future.
The idea is, NSA is not part of *your* government, and, as long as you stay out of the USA, has little real power over you (unless you live in one of the contries with which NSA shares data).
During all her work we saw her struggle to implement system reforms, and complete blocking of them by nasirov.
They don't recognize Jesus and Muhammad.
* Los ricos también lloran (The rich also cry)
"Як скажеш"[Yak skazhesh], which means "As you say" or "As you wish"
And Yanukovich was a president of much poorer country than Putin, and Putin is at power for something about 18 years, and Yanukovich was 4 years president and some 3-4 years as Prime minister
No wtf, thats why Ukraine is so fucked maybe?
Law-related texts, contracts, specifications, and all of them also are known for their precision and informativeness rather than mood
Declining a states right to self determination is a dangerous precedent to set when dealing with Russia.
We joke about Kuban being "historically Ukrainian territory" and it should be taken by "peaceful referendum" just like our eastern neighbor did to Crimea
In Ukraine we have a biometric [ID Card]  which came in place of old Soviet style internal passports
Yes, but they were also more negative about Ukraine than other groups, while Crimea was part of Ukraine.
Not sure about that - saw the most stray cats in Ukraine and it gets very cold there in winter.
Turkey invaded Europe 600 years ago (or so), but people don't associate Turks with being European whatsoever.
Well done
And those languages are mainly languages of muslim nations, so those ones who us ethat word in "normal" way.
For men : Oleg, Rurik,Askold,Dir, Sviatoslav **,** Vladimir , Sviatopolk , Iziaslav, Yuri and planty of others
Current plans are 2.5% by 2020 (afaik) and universal military service meaning that everyone after school will serve for a year.
Very pretty, and a café culture that is hard to believe.
•Serbs oppress Croats and Bosniaks
The same plural/singular pair exists for jealousy - revnoshchi/revnist, but the singular revnist is very rarely, if ever, used to mean jealousy, and mostly means diligence
- language quotas, decommunization, decolonization - Ukrainians finally feel we live in Ukraine, not another Russia (tho there's still a lot of work to do)
Your comment is about sitting idly by and doing nothing
In Crimea's case, if anything, the legal argument is much stronger, as Crimea used to be Russia and was transferred to the Ukraine by the USSR, a decision that the Russian parliament annulled..
The poem was written during the formation of romanticism and nationalism in Europe
Nature aspects, probably not ugly.
Oh believe me, they still absolutely do, it just depends on the perceived audience
Got a cross right over my bed lol.
Russia doesn't need to do anything if Ukraine continues to do what they're doing.
"Second birthday" was on Donbass War
This guy is a deepshit and a fucking lunatic that's why I said that it's very bad when courses like these have an ideology.
The 'funny' part why Chinese government so admire him
However, everyone in every region understands both languages, and having a conversation where each person speaks their mother tongue is very common
In Ukraine the political scene has always been more 'interesting', to my mind, but the in-fighting among elites had a negative impact.
What the hell are they supposed to do ?
**Gregory Skovoroda** (philosopher)
>But don't lie to yourself, not all Nazi's attack people
Just look at how at how much more prosperous Poland has become in comparison to Ukraine.
Funny to here about warm hat, because winters here is kinda warm
It's usually divided by periods and genres, so, e.g., we would learn the literature of the Age of Enlightenment, then romanticism, then literary realism, then modernism, etc
Germany, France, the UK, Italy, maybe even Spain, would react in force.
Also the Macedonian language is just a Bulgarian dialect.
* [**Кисіль/kysil**] - a drink made with water, potato starch, fresh or preserved fruit, berries, rhubarb, sweetbrier berries, etc
Why would it be such a big loss of face?
Bukovina was Romanian from end of ww1 to ww2.
Can't find it on FT
Second, in the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Germany has put all its faith in NATO and economic sanctions and cobbled together a fragile Western coalition.
It is the same thing, just other words.
Backpacking Russia, Ukraine and Chernobyl: how do I navigate Europe's most unclear region?
I will make a few parts depending on the degree of notoriety
With certain federative elements
They collect donations that then disappear and a lot of money gets wasted.
Oh, I always forget
Russia doesn't have exclusive rights on some countries just because they say so.
Why
[It's absurd]#t=55m40s) and I'd laugh about it too, if it wasn't so effective and serious.
Welcome to the club, buddies
From their pov, they didn't have a choice.
Then there's also a family name, Ivan Oleksandrovych **Moroz**.
Eh I will give you that, Russia's economy can't compete, that's why they try so many unconventional tactics, but that won't work against stronger states than Georgia and Ukraine.
EU armies are absolutely insignificant at the moment with no capability of deploying any forces even to Ukraine/Poland/Baltics wwithout US help which is sortof pathetic for a Union which constantly talks about being an economic powerhouse.
If we weren't NATO members, all bets would be off.
Why do I get this feeling that ITER project had been set back for another 4-5 years?
Maybe in Estonia, but living standards in countries like Ukraine, Moldova, Bosnia and Albania are still very, very low compared to West Europe - even for well-educated people.
Cats, there are far more people fostering cats and feeding strays than people caring for stray dogs or wanting to take a stray mutt in
Denis Voronenkov, former Russian MP who fled to Ukraine shot dead in Kiev
Government trying to silence US broadcasting channel
We knew how does it work, but still preferred "peace in our time" -- and now we have Ukraine.
The problem is that we don't have any alliance with Ukraine and that Russia had a seat at the security council of the UN meaning what we are doing (sanctions + help in the shadow) is likely to be the most we can do without sparking a major local conflict between Russia and the West.
We'll need to get back drinking russian toddlers' blood again
lel duty free shops in the "duty free" zone between Russia and unoccupied Ukraine?
Cold: -15C — 0C
How about Russia start to behave like 21st Century country should behave, so we can lift sanctions and resume normal trading?
* O Clone (The Clone)
Why did they kill Politkovskaya then?
Never stop pushing your agenda, some people might actually believe you.
Montenegro frelly get out of Serbia.
Russia picked good-looking disabled singer and made her perform in Crimea, knowing full well that Ukraine has no choice but to ban her.
This god concept is something that is based in religion
In the countryside, guard dogs live outside; only the smallest mutts are let in
Kosovo < Belarus < Albania < Ukraine < Bosnia < Romania < Macedonia < Bulgaria < Moldavia < Sweden
There are short biographies of soldiers KiA in February this year, as a reminder that there is war in the East right now.
yeah, you could move here and become Hungarian.
He recently in his interview said that times are tough for Russia but he wont allow Kremlin to exploit Belarus both military and economically.
Friendship ended with /r/Mexico.
June, 2018, Ukraine, official average salary: 9141UAH ~ $350
Not exactly - Yugoslavia was federation - unit of states - they stoped that unit.
Uhh, oppressed Russian minorities?
Austerity is not a good idea, but whatever nonsense Syriza was peddling was straight-up fantasy.
So yeah, your image isn't that good over here
You obviously don't know then, Crimea is in Ukraine.
They already made a move on Ukraine.
Well, I started to learn it at 4 years old
You agreed with the person above who claimed the Crimea is not in Ukraine.
And everyone knows that it was Russia invading Ukraine, not the other way around.
We like to omit "the", "a", "an" wherever because we don't have them in neither our language or any neighbouring language
Id like to be able to tell what they actually have control off?
For one, we didn't expect Russia to act the way it did with it's minority over here so it wouldn't be strange for us if you did the same to Bosnia or Croatia
it's like every photo of putin is a different person
I don't know whatsup with No Data for Ukraine  (it's a freaking google search) but here are two results:
Personal development is absent; people rarely travel within the country (usually to visit relatives) and never travel abroad
It is a mind-numbingly gigantic country.
Maybe because when you hit rock bottom, it's difficult to recover, especially when you're an addict or have a mental illness that has caused this whole situation
Please don't start again this sad tale about poor occupied Ukraine.
The DNR and LNR have done nothing but brought widespread death, destruction, and misery to the region, and that will continue as long as the occupation does.
I was referring to more to the Ukraine, Russia, and Poland areas and got the terminology mixed up, my bad :$
Unless Russia leaves the chances of a free and fair vote to decide the matter are negligible.
Since 18th century they also controlled most part of Ukraine.
After the last 5 years, it certainly appears that Russia is the aggressor, as in actual aggression in Europe.
Happy Independence Day
Hell even I signed up for voluntary service after shit happened in Ukraine.
First I saw it in “Home Alone” when Kevin was in a church
And this is why Finland in English is still Finland and not Suomi.
[ONUKA - Vidlik (Countdown)]
yes, and romans stole it from us, when we were digging the black sea
>Defeat them through reason
Are you really born if you can't burn
Pick Kyivstar for better coverage
Somebody should really inform the public how bad we are.
^^^which ^^^god ^^^gave ^^^you
Ukraine at that time wasn't part of Grand Duchy' any more so our laws didn't apply to them, your laws started to apply to them.
What can I say
"Internet party of Ukraine". It's nominees have names changed to those of star wars characters, and wear costumes of them in public
I was only able to localize that 5% digit to Kuraev's phrase.
How many said "awww rubbish" after reading what they voted to leave?
some plates are too weird shape for such racks and have to be stacked as in underdeveloped Western Europe
While it is unusual to say hello to random people on the street, unless it is very small village, when you meet strangers on a mountain road, you greet them
From where You
Probably nothing to worry about for young healthy person
This really depend on definition of "non-EU countries." There is substantional diference between immigrants from Ukraine,Asia,USA...etc and immigrants from Africa/Middle east which are really hard to integrate.
I can tell you that Muslim immigration is a far, far greater concern for me than Russia's machinations for derelict regions of the Ukraine.
These leaflets are just pointless waste of money and energy.
Prisoner transportation vehicles on the first picture pretty much sums up Belarus' freedom.
For the vast majority of Russia, you're just a blur of "damn chukhon'tsy", old half-healed Winter War butthurts, and a couple of cheesy 90's comedies
And it was not noticed by any int agency but Ukraine
Really
The downtown is safe enough
What you describe doesn't have much to do with taking over Ukraine.
I sometimes wonder about their news about incidents with their own armed "volunteers".
Some things are very simple, like using modern software on terminals, which will automaticaly cut off most corrupted procedures, but it requiers the will of nasirov.
yeah, I should have said between the people and our oligarchs
All TV shows in Russia were about Ukraine and the half still is.
Guy was member of Communist party so it's safe to assume he was in supporters vanguard.
* [The Adventures of Buratino] the animation (1959, Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow)
Maybe, so, my mistake
Nazis don't need some justification from idiots on reddit to attack people
Only Intermarium we can really have is EU.
And to add, "no fly zone is Syria"
Ukraine's currency dropped three times after the war began, it was way less poor several years ago
Fun facts
I do love German cooked red sauerkraut and buy a can of the ready made one in the supermarket as soon as I get there )))
The red fat cat man was quite weird, but at times the weird of his was even weirder than usual
There weren't rains for at least 2 months and now it's the revenge time for the clouds
Portugal recognizes Ukraine’s Holodomor famine as genocide
said Biden after McCain personally being on ground in Ukraine just before coup.
Trump just continues the retreat of Obama, if you subtract the noise.
Did it become less authoritarian
For me and most of the people it almost didn't have any impact.
Anyways should Ukrainian troops retreat after this crash in your opinion?
Siberian weather will kill an underdressed adult in under an hour, for over a third of the year.
To specify, I don't think Russia is a military or political threat *the EU cannot handle*.
Basically mostly every Ukrainian can understand, speak, and write in Russian freely
I wish you the victory in the protests and may those corrupted jerks be reminded that the nation is the authority in the country
Soviets believed that laser satellites in space are real.
They even shown one on russian tv, except that was AGS not arti.
Being trafficked by Czech
Our spiritual anthem [Молитва за Україну (Prayer for Ukraine)]
Your comment is about sitting idly by and doing nothing
Now all of the oligarchs united in one front against such reforms (because economic protectionism and restrictions is the way they became oligarchs)
It's not only the act of voting that makes democratic process.
Instead Jennifer Lawrence is Red Sparroooow
Their surveillance laws go much too far, but there isn't even a small whiff of trying to stifle dissent online, punish people for organizing protests on social media, auto-deleting criticism from forums, etc.
It's normal in Ukraine and, as far as I know, in other Slavic countries too
I've only seen a (presumably working) tank once in the street (it was being transported), otherwise we have a couple of expositions about war with replicas or not working machines
They are absolutely racist and hate west (and especially USA) and Ukraine with passion
Do Ukrainians want Crimea
May be Crimea wants independence in future?
I actually meant the USSR internal borders because that is one huge complicated mess (Crimea, Eastern Ukraine, Chechnya etc).
Not only are there differing views on how to handle Russia (Ukraine), America's wars (Iraq, Afghanistan) or the appropriate level of interventionism in the Middle East (Libya, Daesh), but I doubt that some will tolerate interference in the way they deal with countries with which they consider that they have a special relationship with (like the French (Mali)).
The singer visited Crimea while under Russia - therefor asked for no permission from Ukraine (obviously) - thus Ukraine considers she was on their territory illegally.
They just *got used to it*. Now, if suddenly Lukashenko decides to hold an open, free, honest election, I still guarantee that he will win that election
I can see that from the map in OP and no, it doesn't.
Having a better military integration doesn't make us any richer.
Most socialists would like the control of the means of production to be with the workers and not the "state".
Also, the famous [Molotov's speech] from 22
Only Serbia and Ukraine have considerable Hungarian populations, but most Hungarians live in Romania and Slovakia (apart from Hungary obviously).
It was here where they came up with the theories that moldavians and romanians are 2 entirely different ethnic groups, changed the history of Moldova by removing any evidence of a common past, claimed that the languages used west and east of the Prut river are different and even tried to invent a new ''moldavian'' language from scratch (by mixing elements of romanian with russian and ukrainian) to support that claim.
Overall, I can get what they are talking about
I think you missed a number of things, notably the circumstances that led to the present situation in Ukraine.
And Croatia has pretty squares (quadrat=square)
Slovakia is the one with the cross (borders Poland, that's how I would remember)
Bad news for Ukraine for sure lol...
I had the same problem for the longest time ever
Italy won't bother doing shit over Baltics, neither will Portugal or Spain.
“Oh, that’s basically Russia right
No orders for protecting civilians
that is, you can also join the minority association for all I care and not become Hungarian.
Europe never had to deal with 50 individual foreign policies and one extra voice with virtually no foreign power at all.
The main idea the "Head of the Administration of the President of Ukraine" Lyovochkin did play a great role.
Ukraine for instance generates over 50% of its energy via nuclear power, and they are nowhere near the top.
E.g., grandma always had a few rows of poppies next to corn, sunflowers, and squashes, but she stopped cultivating it not to tempt the thieves
Comparing navalny and marushevska is more then rheroric.
That law was broken, and yet no policeman came and arrested the Russian government when they took a big steaming dump on that "law".
This is IBRD's *guarantee* for Naftogaz.
Still, by being exposed to outright lies, they are trained into believing that all media is lying.
From its own national security point of view, it simply does not suit Bulgaria to defend such a position.
The war for Eastern Ukraine is not over but Crimea never even had a war.
You sound like a trapped mouse crying for help :/ Russia isn't invading foreign countries, it's only protecting it's interrests in other parts of the world.
Lets look it's true or not: [Do Crimeans want back to Ukraine?] Ukrainian TV (totally not pro-russian) have visited Crimea and asked people if they are fine to be a part of Russia or maybe want to join Ukraine.
Oh yeah, learning the language of a country where you live is definitely "ethnic cleansing"
Yeah
Half of Europe would be the same as Belarus and Ukraine had it not been for the postiive influence of the EU.
Russians did not invade Syria, they are there on Assad's invitation.
No "polish groceries" in my city, but there's some polish food in supermarkets
>Maybe they still hope that he will change something for good because he is president for a short time
Lithuania and maybe Georgia (but we share Black Sea, so maybe you can say that we have border)
We have patronimical names
They also completely underestimated the demand and right now you can order delivery only for Kyiv and Kyiv Oblast
Some patronymics have become family names, so there're surnames like Oleksandrovych, Oleksandriv, etc
The prosecution of Jews during the USSR rule in Ukraine has resulted in a lot of dead, displaced, or fleeing Jews.
What can we EU citizens do for Ukraine?
Джон мейд хіз вей ту е тавєрн сру зе дарк форест, онлі ту файнд аут зет хі форгот зе мані.
IT work, which in turn is good for the economy of both EU and Ukraine.
In Ukraine we "engage in sex"
Leadership will be in disaray, but the Ukraine would have to be quick and their military would really need to have their shit together.
It may sound cynical, but the Ukraine simply isn't important enough to warrant an open conflict with Russia, and that by a long shot.
Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo, Albania, FYROM Macedonia
Ukraine and Georgia are examples enough.
Just a civvie, my only connection is that I donated money to various military volunteer orgs sometimes.
I like games from Quantic Dream and also games such as “Papers, Please” and “This War of Mine”. I would like to see a story driven game set during time of war where the characters are not soldiers, but just ordinary people
It's 50/50 from what I've seen when I was traveling around Ukraine
it's also fun to discuss something blurry that may be a handgun, a rock, a cellphone, a potato, a cow's vagina or anything else, while ignoring the fact that there's a guy aiming at a crowd with a shotgun
Edit: As some people said here, pelmeni (dumplings) ≠ vareniki
Almost in any way can be changed \[the\] order of \[the\] words In Ukrainian
Early Modern English snippet is more flowery than the Middle Enligh one
Ukraine Today - "How two Italians defend Europe in Ukraine"
Dragging attention from thousands of gun homicides to an actual war is a dick move
When you don't know but think it would be really inappropriate or awkward to not use it, you just say: *excuse me, may I know your patronymic/full name
He is taking his trustees from the foreign ministry with him and the foreign ministry traditionally has a detachment at the Bundespräsident.
Nationalism/racism is for losers who accomplished nothing in life so they need something to be proud of which they get by birth without doing anything.
Ukrainian is Russian Polish, Belarusian is Russian Polish-Lithuanian
I'm out of the loop on this one.
The Baltic states always seem like neighbours, also, Turkey, despite it's over the sea
It's what the majority of the population want - to have Russia show how great it is by harassing and controlling its neighbors.
We got back Smolensk and surroundings, Severskaya land (Chernigov, Novgorod-Seversky) + left Ukraine + Kiev.
If I recall, it was European powers that fought against Ukraine joining NATO.
Aggressive fascist junta with support of russophobic Western allies attacks poor innocent Russia
She was just a screw in a bigger mechanizm - Ukrainian government sued RF as the one responsible for it.
What he miscalculated, I think, is Russian people's passivity
Worse than that, common attitude to any problem related to public property is apathetic
As i understand, he was a trade deal to get votes from some "yanukoviches" parlament members for Groysman as prime minister.
Russian Wikipedia states that majority of tourists in RF come from China, Germany and South Korea
The point is that Ukraine can currently buy gas cheaper from Gazprom than from the EU.
From antiquity, the limit of Europe was the [river don] at eastern frontier of Ukraine.
I dunno, I kinda like Athens, it's just so enormous and chaotic and cozy at the same time
It is perfectly fine to argue, that North Stream is cool, because if makes energy supply more stable for us and our neighbors.
As bad as the flawed intelligence were, it cannot be compared to the false accusations against Ukraine and the denial of the invasion of it.
Bollocks, we love you, you whiny pricks.
Thank you very much for such a well written answer.
By the logic that Ukraine had a negative opinion of the US and West, it would make more sense for Russia to try to destabilise a Pro-Western government, since if this remained true then there would be a genuine civil war where the Poroshenko government were forced out.
For women:  Olga , Anna, Maria,  Ingegerd , Anastasia , Rogneda , Elisaveta   and planty of others
Restaraunts are for eating
Speaking about Ukraine: there is no separate statistics for tourists, just for the whole number of visitors - including business trips, transit, and, most importantly, people from border regions that come for cheaper goods and leave on the same day
People usually have one first name and one last name
Turkey was the biggest point of balance in that region for West, however now becoming authoritarian state, thus, again warming relationship with Putin.
Ukraine reached out to us as civilized people
South (Odesa region) reporting in.
That's way of thinking that makes Serbs and Russians so similar.
> The poem is in top-100 list by «From Skovoroda to modern time: 100 most important creative art in Ukrainian».
But Ukrainians do pronounce O as O.
It is impossible to replace whole system that based on corruption.
Lol this is pretty fucking stupid.
More specifically, Ukraine went on the offensive around the MH17 crash site, which made the area even more dangerous.
I know that anschluss jokes aren't considered funny in Ukraine after Crimea annexation, so sorry for that
ebön :----DDDDDDDD
Someone take Zelensky away, please
Less different when compared to Syrians ofc, but still.
In court he admitted that he was doing it for real and made a plea bargain.
Does it apply only to encyclicals/bulls?
>false history on the Finnish
An example of an intransitive verb would be "to grow" as in "grass grows".
You read about the part where the people they caught are alleged to work for Russia (and they say they have good evidence of it), right
If Europe unites, we could easily stop him bullying Ukraine, Georgia or other neighboring states.
We should've already banned russia from SWIFT when they annexed parts of georgia after putin threatened to attack Georgia and Ukraine during the 2008 Nato summit.
Russia claims that two Russian servicemen were abducted in Crimea by Ukrainian special forces.
Real anti corruption initiatives that will have a result, an adequate and competent government that really care about citizens, but not only about the interest of oligarchs
Ah yes the wholesome 100 CD Project Red
Ukraine has never ever shown such guys on TV.
Can you provide a source where Russia claims these lands for itself?
We would call them today terrorists and no state is accepting such a force in in it's borders.
I want to understand, maybe I'm wrong somewhere.
We have a developed system of diminution, so literally every word (even verbs) can be transformed in "childish" forms
Whole "pretty cool Ukrainian immigrants" experience might and probably will be completely different for not post-commie, non slavic Western European countries, due to many many diferences beetwen piss poor Ukraine and Western Europe.
We also call asian style cooked duck a Beijing style duck and this is considered a delicatessen
Yeah I've been keeping up with the news, things don't look well for Ukraine.
Kyrgyzstan had a color revolution, followed by a counter revolution, that isn't a pretty good game, that's being slightly better than Ukraine
But to take a guess, I'd assume it's as obvious as it actually is, Estonia is investing more resources into their education in comparison to other European countries.
Even as a tactic of war starving the civilian population of your enemy would be reasonable.
But Turkic includes many non-Turkish people, like Kazakhs, Azeris, Crimean and Volga Tatars, etc.
through the back door and to show we're not all happy to go along with endless E.U expansion..
One of the most common images for the moon is a sickle
As a result of smarter policy, Belarus, a small land-locked country in quagmires which has only potassium as natural resource, has GDP per capita more than 2 times higher than Ukraine and its exports is 2/3 of Ukranians with 4 times smaller population.
So, your friend's parent may be auntie Tania to you, but their grandparent is usually addressed using their Name+Patronymic
Edit: I misread a little
President Donald Trump could cut Kyiv out of any peace negotiations as he tries to improve fraught relations with Moscow, Ukrainian forces anxious to show their newfound strength have gone on what many here are calling a "creeping offensive."
If in Switzerland the total cost is €10000 while in Ukraine is €2000, in Switzerland there is a five-times higher cash flow, thus the market value of the Swiss economy (let's pretend that the economy is only made up by these light bulbs) is five times higher.
Look at countries who chose their side after the collapse of the Soviet Union  - West aligned one mostly doing good, they have problems, but compare to us they are doing good
It's okay, you didn't sound mean, more like rational :) I didn't see your flair when I was writing a response, so I can see why it was more or less perceived in a bad light
Many other family members and friends were killed.
To illustrate production improvements, here's our pop diva Tina Karol in 2011:
And there were snipers from the "Yanukovich family", who shot from the different buildings: National Bank of Ukraine, President Administration Deputy Chief mansion.
Ukraine also specifically moved further away from the EU before this Crimea stuff happened...
Or is it more of a background fact any everyone is sort of moving on/doesn't care?
I feel like on a woman it would be accepted as women here tend to be on the more decorated side
Ukraine is especially popular with tourists.
This might give Putin even more room to operate in Ukraine.
It's just my crazy curiosity
So does the 4th May, when I am writing that comment
Also, isn't the new transcription for the city Kyiv
Pressure people to cast an informed vote, sure, but if they can't be bothered to do that, I'd rather they just stay out of it.
But I'd love to see Israel try lol.
Source: am a Russian-speaking Ukrainian
All this just because good guy Khruszhev gifted Russian region with all its 2 million population to Ukrainian SSR.
As a guy from Donetsk, can confirm this is shit
Really
Trump will ease up on Ukraine and Syria in exchange for Putin joining the containment of China.
(as you understand that's not what he can do, especially in premier-presidential system) But people who're watching TV likes him
But I mean every country has those nutjobs
In Kropyvnytskyi there was a popular idea to rename it to "Zlatopil" (similar to Ternopil) which personally would make more sense, but Kropyvnytskyi is probably the most famous person from there, so it's alright
Sanctions are about Crimea and Ukraine.
For decades we here, in Ukraine, were living in the same infomational space as russians.
Auditors say attempts to get Ukraine to reform remain ‘a work in progress.’
And as a potential member of the EU in the near future, yes, I would support sending spanish troops.
Much worse than Chechnya and Afghanistan.
Well, I can give an example that I have met recently
An active war, with Russian speaking people is not what I want to see the EU deal with.
There aint no slavic slaves ancestors on iceland.
My opinion, our meme culture degraded into 2010 meme templates, and I. am not Ok with that
The Forest Song". They've been cooking it for nearly 4 years now, with no palpable results aside for their [PR campaign] I'm still not sure about this project, we'll see
Counting from the 2014 Crimean referendum, sanctions resulted in tens of billions of US dollars for Russia.
But we lost
All they need just to wait a little bit until poor military and economic results lead to the revolutionary leaders get discredited and bring Armenia back again into brotherly Russia suffocating claws
" (1880) by Panas Myrny
Is it me or is he now saying shit isis imams were saying?
Has prosecutors asked EP to do it?
This would have been a big issue in eastern Ukraine, as most businesses there can only operate because they were not regulated by the eu.
Loyalty to Moscow was more important to the so called "Ukrainian nationalist" than fixing Ukraine's corruption and integrating Ukraine with the rest of Europe.
Edit: 40k people for some dude in America
I do not support both right- and left-wing extremists, in case you thought that I support the rightists
You know the solution of this problem
**Nikolai Gogol** (poet)
What happens in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch stays in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch
I think it is pretty undoable to track every of them.
Drywall is only used in office buildings here
[This
The print is what preschoolers write in
One more option: old 15" CRT Monitor (1024x768)
You've already stole Ukraine's land from us!
East wants to be part of Ukraine.
For real
Except it wasn't Putin who started all that mess in Ukraine and Middle East.
For a non-Maltese the first three words look like some totally random combination of letters
All those point apply even more to any other possible targets.
&#x200B;
Most Jews did not live that way.
Revolution, Independence, Bolshevik occupation and terrorism
I'm the only person I know who actually voted.
Ukraine is by far the least racist east European country (I was in most of East Europe and have relatives in Ukraine and Russia)
Everyone knows that Ukraine wants to avoid a conventional war with Russia.
Only cctv cams around stopped me from doing that
Here in Ukraine we call it Ketchunaise.
It looks too dangerous to do so
Cause it's Nazis who repressed Ukrainians in 1917-1921, 1922, 1932-1933, 1937, 1939-1945, 1947, and, you know, the rest of the century till today
For Ukraine, unfortunately, everything east of Dnipro
Therefore he said everything to become popular there.
We usually were concerned with the boars while going deeper into the nature
Look
And now is completely taking EV
This Tomaszewski is a dick, he constantly praises Russia, he said multiple times on live broadcasts that Crimea belongs to Russia, he's appeared in public events with [Ribbon of St.
The Eurasian Union (with Ukraine) probably was Russia's best chance of re-emerging This is the reason for Moscow's "over reaction".
>Maybe they still hope that he will change something for good because he is president for a short time
Hahaha, that's why his approval rating was dropping before the whole Ukraine fiasco.
Yeah, that worked so well for the Baltics in 1940, Georgia in 2008 and Ukraine in 2014.
on a third day of celebration, few people visit people, that were celebrating previous three days, at home and "steal" chicken (ask politely, but everybody pretends it is a theft)
Oligarchs are in control of the majority of TV channels, so it's not that hard to spread these Soros conspiracies, and the majority of Ukrainians are against market reforms, which is really sad
Not in Ukrainian or Russian, sorry, but I do care in English
Now it's also true that I live in Transylvania, which is more to the north and in the south the skin tone is a bit darker.
Try to draw next ones:
Belarus, Ukraine and rest of Balkan states.
Whatever the fuck was happening in Yugoslavia during it's collapse
It depends on what are you asking for
**Stepan Bandera** (political leader)
Feel free to share your knowledge with me.
Right now there are those who are afraid or angry on one side and those who want to rejoin Russia.
Regardless of the stereotypes being spread, Russians have and continue to be very developed in terms of science, culture, and arguably finance.
Not that i would my country being called Vlachia or Dacia.
The only exception/loophole is terraces and tented open areas
Putin finally invades the rest of Ukraine, China manage to impose its rules on pacific neighbouring countries, the SA geovernment is toppled by an alliance from the opposition, yemeny rebels, supported by Iran.
They're more likely to mirror Ukraine; smuggle in weapons to arm disgruntled ethnic Russians who are Estonian or Latvian citizens and send in special forces units for support.
No chance
Did you even read the Wikipedia page you provided?
It would be like the East of Ukraine or something.
Also I doubt many people in Belarus yearned for Nazis to stay after they offed every fourth inhabitant and razed pretty much all cities.
So here I am, happily learning German
My family have always been cooking a borscht with haricot beans and a little meat
I think that best description of Russian state for now is how they call us - Junta.
I googled it cuz I had no fucking clue what it was.
It has and probably will forever be seen in a negative light.
The USA is the only credible counterbalance to Russian expansionism in Eastern Europe.
The Old English text is a different story
I believe if Russia attacks, say, Latvia no European state will want to protect the country even if it's in NATO.
They naturally shifted to the old ways, to find solace in them.
How many times will /r/europe keep falling for the same propaganda?
We don't have specific words for "boyfriend"/"girlfriend" either but unlike in your language, we say "хлопець"/"дівчина", which also means "boy"/"girl". But it really isn't that confusing
I distinctly remember seeing a lot of them ten years ago, but haven't seen a single one lately
My own family left several different countries (Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, Poland) because of a lot of anti-Jewish pogroms.
In Russia the cronies are centralized.
I just had no idea what is the name for it in English !
Controlling huge part of Ukraine really makes it really difficult to get into other parts of Ukraine.
Ah yes, a village in Ukraine is a prime example of typical life in Europe.
Probably, /u/anticorruptioner forgot to add /s to his post?
I'm sure Ukraine and Belarus are very comforted by that.
Edit: As some people said here, pelmeni (dumplings) ≠ vareniki
Oh, I also have a neat stick with dog teeth nailed in, pretty useful for bashing rats.
Eastern Europe is a cold war relic.
It has great potential, yet widespread corruption, unstable politics etc has managed to wreck most of it.
[\(c\)]
Russia does not respect lines drawn in the sand, if Obama led a stronger reaction against Russia we would have peace in Ukraine.
But no, those 2 percents of profit are too darling for the EU elites and the Germans are too scared of nuclear energy to do anything
Eurovision Song Contest: Ukraine bans Russia from performing
Being trafficked by Czech
>There was no collaboration in Poland
What is the deal with The Netherlands over immigration, anyway?
Peace and unity
The powers that be form and/or take over countries all the time.
Fact is that you can't reason with them
P.S. I'm reliant on my car because I use it everyday and travel also
[Kvas] Kvas is a fermented drink made out of rye bread
In place where I live some ppl call it "Franca"
and also "shpora" means "a spur". Similarity is coincidental
(For the record, I'm certainly *not* saying that Ukraine should have completely cut off all trade with Russia; rather, what I am saying is that Ukraine should have gradually focused more and more on trading with Europe and on establishing industrial ties with Europe--or at least to do a better job doing this than it did in real life.)
Window cleaner becomes too expensive.
Firstly, they recognised abhazian passports with the same pretext as they've done it now in Ukraine, in a few years they started issuing their own passports to abhazians, and later one of their pretexts for war with Georgia was protecting "their" citizens.
I despise what they are doing in Donbass and Syria, but both conflicts are proxy wars which can only be resolved with cooperation and compromise.
[And we couldn't trust most of NATO before he was even elected.]
Everyone refusing bolsevism/communism is a fascist.
But both stories are not for children
It's handed off to whatever sovereign country the artifacts come from.
The Russian soldiers in Ukraine are staged.
I prefer card more, but I still carry some cash for quicker payments and places where you can't pay with cards.
Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Ukraine
So like A1 tops
Don't try it anymore:) It's not that I was sick, just my mind reads it as non-edible
In recent memory, there were the plebiscite for the treaty for establishing an EU constitution in 2005 (country voted against), and the referendum for the Ukraine association treaty (country voted against)
Thank you I just downloaded each of those.
See, no one wants to insult Baltic countries:)
>Which do you think your country prefers
tool to boost its domestic support
anti-globalists never miss a chance to bash on everything that is even vaguely internationalist.
incredible isn't it
Crimea, while in Ukraine, was fully autonomous, with a right to hold Crimea-only referendum.
Saudi Arabia is also known for human rights violations.
It also applied to medicine and most likely law.
One of the counterarguments is that the current body of written Ukranian would become inaccessible to future generations.
because they didn't want to pretend to have fake democracy any more..
Thinking Germany, Sweden, Italy, Czech, Russia, Ukraine, and maybe also the UK and France as countries with popular local auto makers.
However the USA persuaded the UA government to give up the arsenal for guarantees from the USA, Russia and UK.
People always forget about [Kaliningrad enclave] Like people who used the narrative of "Ukraine was taken over by nazis", won't come up with another ridiculous explanation for yet another land grab?
If you want full legalization anyways, why not fully legalize?
Who invaded Eastern Ukraine and who annexed Crimea?
Edit: yeah, most people here including me know more than two languages, sorry
He and Theresa May make me ashamed to be British.
just look at the cluster fuck that has been going on in Ukraine, or maldova, or Belarus
Best wishes from Ukraine
Lol, why the HELL would we gift Crimea to Ukraine again, if more than 90% of Crimeans want to stay in Russia?
That said Russia's invasions and de facto annexations in Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova do contribute to their problems.
That was evident even when Ukraine was just being formed as a country.
Baba is You is pretty cool
Meaning more shelling
So it is pretty close in that regard
I think there are no Ukrainians on reddit
It seems like they are really interested in the long term success of Ukraine.
But there's got to be some limitation right?
not sure why u Nordics consider yourselves to be on the top when it comes to alcohol.
Is that what brigading is all about?
Same goes for most young people in Ukraine I talked to.
conspiracy theories aside: because his videos didn't create the upheaval he was counting on, while he needs to maintain pressure to stay relevant
The story is based on a video that has no confirmation of its credibility.
There's the major city  with literally the same name in Belarus
Fucking political bullshit, why don't the EU and other pan-european organisations grow a pair and condemn russia for what they did.
All of this for an economy of 1.3T without the old soviet political influence in half of the world.
[Follow all the polls on this Wikipedia page]
I think 11 and 12, and 20-30-40 fall out of the comparison pattern
* [within Prypyat'] - poplar, acacia, and pine trees everywhere - exactly as it should be in northern Ukraine
Own brainwashed friends will drive national traitor suicidal.
Your whataboutism is irrelevant, because Poles and Russians never thought of themselves as friends.
So the average person in Ukraine doesn't even have 1500USD to his/her name.
I love locally made cheeses and they cost a bit cheaper here but that's if you know where to buy
We know that you don't have a real say in your government and that your government does nearly as much to hurt its own citizens as to hurt neighboring countries
The Ukraine is a kleptocracy with no resources.
At 5 already rode around my neighborhood with my "bike gang". I still use bicycle as my primary vehicle during spring and summer, even though it is dangerous in Ukraine as cycling lanes or roads are almost non-existant here
As in the current state ~ 30 year
I live in Lviv
Can't say since I refused Russian-language content after 2014
The Cadets Of Guard School is a great song from the Russian empire (vyatka super for any TNO players)
So, we started to look for a police station and we learned that this bug city doesn’t have a police stations in all districts — it’s like 4 or 5 of our them in total
But, but, Europe is bigger than EU
Apparently, they don't care about a possible repeat of 08-09 and expect someone else to pick up the pieces.
Most importantly, absolutely everyone understands Russian
Being not soviet was crime
[This] is quite optimistic outlook on Ukraine's media coverage.
Ukrainian is the sole official language of Ukraine, and Crimean Tatar is the official language of Crimea, and Crimea is not Ukraine.
Such as the city where yurachenko is from.
Video in the article sourced by Reuters.
Wouldn't be surprised, if growth of income in Ukraine is centuries behind Germany...
In fact I'm surprised it's so small, I thought it's like 4M or something
Freud may have lived in Austria for most of his life, but he was born in the Czech lands and his parents were Jews from modern-day Ukraine.
The Russian annexion of Crimea was focused on by news outlets around the whole world, and regardless of whether the vote was done under influence of the Russian army or not, the protest largely ebbed off.
The separatists made their point; I don't think they can win through pure military power, unless Russia starts doing what Ukraine claims it has been doing all along.
The EU will fall like a house of cards due to that problem alone.
The International Court of Justice in Hague starts hearing Ukraine vs Russia today.
That was a paid meeting (not anything unusual in Ukraine ever) a couple of weeks ago dispersed by nobody
Ukraine and Russia is united with France, Germany etc?
Three years ago on Maidan they could have taken the country, but now there are tens of thousands battle hardened soldiers in Ukraine, and the country have had three years to prepare.
Tell a couple if you can
This is something straight from r/UnethicalLifeProTips
My wife is Ukrainian and her native tongue is Russian, yet she hates Russia for what it did to Ukraine.
Maybe once per 3-4 months
For Ukrainians it's still more profitable to continue the war than to admit that problems exist and they should be solved in a peaceful manner.
Secondly, Ukraine was not reluctant in releasing data to the investigation team.
Cause it's just outdated Soviet "education" system, the only difference: the red is (not so skillfully) painted with yellow-blue
Next day after clock changes there's spike in suicides, and DST also creates unnecessary confusion
Also, if I'm not mistaken, the people that cultivated poppy were suspected of the intent of selling it to opium makers
* **Ukrainian Literature**, where we study Ukrainian classic literature as well as the literature of the XX century; I believe, modern students also study Ukrainian writers of the XXI century in their curriculum;
“A bit” In British English would mean that
And that still doesn't support the premise of Russia claiming it.
Maybe trying to reduce pollution you do, doesn't outright kills your economy, unlike what some people claim
Major of Kyiv (Vitaliy Klichko) said: I have 2 secretaries, 4 of whom are in the Verkhovna Rada
Yeah I would really consider the invasion of Ukraine "minor".
Their writing looks a bit weird for our eye
This would add more balance to overall situation and make our asses more safe (of course it will also make your asses less safe, but if you don't care about our asses why we should care about your, lol).
So many hedgehogs in cities
Human Shields in Donetsk: Launching Grads near a Residential Area - bellingcat
To me they don't represent Ukraine as a country.
Next time, it's going to be something else as well, and hardly in the Baltics.
But the problem is, this could just lead to more problems as it hits the minorities living in Ukraine.
I'm just curious if there some comparable data to make such a map for 1600 and 1700
It was only in the 1920's that they invented a fake soviet state of 8000 squared kms on the territory of Ukraine, in the region of Odessa, that they called The Autonomous Moldavian Soviet Republic and labeled it the ''true and unoccupied Moldova''.
However, that doesn't explain Moldova or Ukraine.
OSCE says its the Ukraine which push this fights right now to force donald Trump to not give up on this conflict.
I usually support Russia, and their strategic interests.
Out of the three neighbor nations (RU, BY, UA) Belarus is surprisingly the most Europe-feeling-like
"History of Ukraine" seems to only exist in Ukraine, right
Speaking usually depends on the region
Sun - Сонце neutral
Thank you for your words, friend.
Now, don't spin my words and say that I'm justifying Russia's actions, I'm merely explaining them to you.
Furthermore after the events of 2014 Ukraine cut ties with it biggest traid partner.
Basically, the nomenclature depends on your point of view.
So what if your president is serving for 25 years and actually is a dictator
If it's so easy for people in the West to have such an attitude towards Kosovo, it's easy to see how people in the East could have such an attitude towards Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine.
Reigning in the oligarchs, stabilizing the country, making treaties with neighbours, business.
If I recall, it was European powers that fought against Ukraine joining NATO.
Balkan and Turkey must be taken off the table.
Bonus point: russian tourists dodged
They are disallowed to vote for pro-russian parties that would sell country to Putin.
Which of your cities commemorate the Jewish holiday at this scale?
If his poppularity starts to fall, he might pull a military stunt to back it up again......when Russia started its war against Ukraine, Putin's popularity skyrocketed, which also is a gain and victory, not only the Crimea itself.
I am pretty sure we would have a few million people more, for start.
Not to Moldova, not to Belarus, not to Kazakhstan, to the US, Azerbaijan, anywhere in the EU, but Russia
Violence in Ukraine escalated because they had long-standing unsolved problems, ethnical and moral.
But as it is people don't care to much about Ukraine so no one is sticking their neck out to far.
If they would resisted invasion like Finns did in in WW2, it would be a different story.
Edit: I misread a little
To be honest, it's one of those things where I can say *so be it* without any negativity
What a man
Ukraine is seen by some in NATO as a potential future member and it would be good for NATOs strategic interests for them to have as much land as possible.
I agree the IT has to pay more, and I would be paying myself.
They also have a lot of problems policing the border with Ukraine, a lot of tourists with their tanks, artillery, sophisticated electronic systems cross over that border all the time.
In winter we mostly have imported apples and some late/hard local apples - 2-5 varieties altogether
The moment *anything* goes south in the Baltics, Russia will be the first suspect.
I watched the trailer, it was exceptionally good, so I'm waiting for the release
There's a qausi-war going on between Russia and The Ukraine right now
It not exist in any of Ukrainian dialects.
The best case would be for Ukraine to return to pre-maidan.
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend" - never have I ever seen a better example of this quote than this (I like how it says "unfriendly" though)
Ever heard of such concept as reputation?
That’s SAD
You are also missing the point, mr.
Nazism is emotionally driven, and I am the enemy
It shows how each language has its own history where certain characters have changed or fallen out of usage
I live at exactly 50
Can't Ukraine hold a referendum on letting go on the occupied regions
[Green Ukraine]
It started with gaining control over media and has come to annexation and military intervention.
Allowing ethnic minorities to have autonomy isn't exactly expansionist I don't think.
The only thing which was shocking to me is that among the homeless people there were many people who did not look like typical bums
Except it wasn't Putin who started all that mess in Ukraine and Middle East.
Will we be running into any problems either because we are American or my girlfriend's race?
Putin orders Russia to recognize documents issued in rebel-held east Ukraine
Unrelated, but colloquially people often say *"throw it"* instead of *"send it via electronic means of communication"*.
Greetings from Ukraine, where we have only one highway which is just 14 km long
The West did two things: killed Saddam and Ghaddafi and pillaged their respective countries.
This would be nothing like Ukraine.
Lol, I live in Ukraine and I saw a car passing by on a highway, it was moving 230 km/h. And police didn't react to this
Why should Ukraine declare it??
That should definitely be pre-WWII Stalin's repressions (including the man-made famine in 1932; Ukraine and several other countries consider the Ukrainian subset of the famine genocide).
I received visa with official big zero in salary.
And I fear the West discarding us like a wet sock the moment one idiot Russian teen in Latgale decides that living in a quasi-Russian state would be better than a European Union country.
However every Ukrainian citizen is obliged to know Ukrainian (surprise
Aggression towards eastern European countries.
Or, do we instead use the definition where some are classified as Central Europe or other groupings.
A ukraininan friend of mine had small troubles in a karaoke bar (people starting to boo him out) in Russia when he wanted to sing a sailor song from Odessa (Ukraine...) of all possible songs, that's about all I recently heard from personal experiences.
Might well be, in which case it's even more in another price class than the aluminium profile stuff
>to make war in Europe unthinkable
So it's Ukraines fault Russia invaded them..
Since 2012, we haven't had a really violent protest, and at the Colectiv protests (2015) there were around 50.000 people in Bucharest alone.
Quails are rare
Those sentiments are a small minority, though you'd be quite hard-pressed to find people who are very sad and beat up about it.
We also have words like "*кружляти/kruzhliaty*" (to spin, go in circles) and "*кружка/kruzhka*" (a mug)
We also often tend to use the same one as the Poles.
But these don't just mean "very old Slavic". The first one is a concept, same as the Proto-Indo-European language
'It's so much worse': Renewed fighting in Ukraine pushes town to brink of humanitarian catastrophe
To Lithuania and other countries who help us during our rough times
We Don't Go To ~~Ravenholm~~ Bessarabia
Agree + I would add:
But the eventual consequences of the Pereyaslav Council with Russia wasn't mentioned, as i remember
(Unless Trump ruins the economy in other ways) Or are we willing to let Russia to get away with invading Ukraine.
Only shitty news was coming out and none of it could frame 'the west' vs 'whatever' – compared to, say, the Ukraine, which was very clearly 'NATO vs Russia' narrative.
He had still a lot of moves to prevent Ukraine to come closer to the West.
Do you approve of Ukraine annexing Crimea in 1954?
I want to study there one day
except more people were killed in Chicago this year(2017) than in Afghanistan.
You are telling this to someone from a country where both communist and nazi regimes killed millions of innocent people
One side wanted to steer away from Russia and the other wanted to uphold what was once the status-quo.
The article focuses on the EU and the many advantages of living in it.
Not against some "security services" but named individuals.
So the Russians ARE tartar-turkic savage hordes :\^)
On the other hand, how likely would Russia have done that if Ukraine had a means to fight and put down those separatists quickly?
Ukraine: Five police killed in friendly-fire shoot-out - BBC News
Personally I like Polish 'Libelid' but they are less traditional.
I don't know if you're not realizing the extent of the situation or are just spineless and would rather sell Ukraine out for some money, which given our collective history, is unacceptable.
It's bigger than Belgium and nearly the size of Switzerland or Denmark
It's impressive how much of the Russian population believes anything Putin says.
Point me at where I mentioned eastern Ukraine at all?
Humans are too close together
Too spicy for him
Russians see Ukrainians as "inferior Russians" who need to be subjugated.
According to Umland, Kiev cannot afford to risk alienating Poland, given the growing ambivalence toward Ukraine by the rest of Europe and the United States.
Ah, good to see bird country where it belongs
I don’t know about every country,but I think, that in the US it’s quite popular
But otherwise we have two different words for "dream": сон and мечта
Yanukovych agreed to a compromise on reverting some of his changes and holding early elections
**Article 1**
I do not know how it works in reality, but I do not exclude that that gas which is sold from EU to Ukraine never reach EU.
I'm guessing Transylvania or Bucovina, cause it looks very similar to the traditional clothing we have here
If I would expand on every point that you can include in "near death state of economy" that would be a long post, and I am lazy
Ukraine
I went to Ukraine and Romania this summer, I reccomend not staying more than a day or two in Bucharest.
It's a simple thing in Geopolitics, every superpower has its sphere of influence.
It's being part of the single market that is an enormous benefit.
Anti Russian sentiment would make sense though, if the Russians there feel victimised mother Russia can step in to protect them by offering assistance , like Ukraine.
There was a repressive response to the russian protests in the Ukraine.
A bite of Estonia, would you be ok with that?
Luckily, I don't think we've ever reached such a low point yet, it could have happened back in the 90s, but I'm too young to know.
I don't think our government could allow Ukraine to join without massive unrest at home.
What that the article conveniently forgot to mention is that the ''aid'' only got approved after Ukraine agreed to export forest again, there was a moratorium on export placed in 2015 for ten years.
lol Ukraine provides nowhere near the Geopolitical security that Turkey could.
I don't know who you talked to about Romania and Moldavia uniting and it's bothering us
Funny that you put out this excuse here, because you know, all this "friends" and "brothers" bullshit always come from russian side.
The most active members of the Ukrainian team were actually from Russia, or from breakaway Russian-speaking regions of Ukraine
I know sounds gross or weird but it's good though
Does this mean Russia will end its imperialistic tendencies towards Ukraine?
Just came here to write this
All I'm saying that it was the closest anyone came to actually asking people.
Russia would never have invaded Ukraine if Ukraine was a nuclear power.
Southern Ukraine here
I adore my country's pleasant blue color, thank you!
Just a peace, making Donetsk an autonomous part of Ukraine would be a final nail in Ukraine's transition to west.
Also all this " conspiracy " comes from members of ruling party
Elon please stop lol
You're right, but it's also true that nobody thought they would attack Ukraine in 2013.
Statistics indicate that Russia is crawling out of recession this year, while Belarus is not doing the same.
Ukrainians didn't want to keep the union.
I may say you that it pretty popular cosmetic product among few my friends.
Or something more recent, like what's happening in Ukraine as we speak.
Ukraine conflict: Deadly flare-up in east
EDIT: for those who asked for sources - this article could be a good start
And I didn't death threat you, I merely hope you will change the way you perceive russians when the collaborationism law goes into effect
And fuck "ideology" bullshit, ukraine's politics is always only about money.
However a campaign into Ukraine would be costly for Russia.
Always accusing countries of Genocide makes me want to burn that country down myself.
Well yes, but not all gun violence acts have dead victims
We’re not russia (most Americans think we’re the same thing) :(
One of the most corrupt countries in Europe to say the least
It will take energy to separate oxygen from the other gaz in the air.
This would be the most popular party here
* with [roasted becon]
Its probably the only way to start getting the country on the right path.
The news is about the 'upgrade' of Moscow's missile defence.
I wrote this a little bit above, but in the US I've heard it referred to as Polish shower.
I most definitely agree with /u/wirkraft.
Ukraine Vote Against Russian Measure Condemning Nazism At UN (131 for vs 3 against)
Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Chechnya twice and that's only in the last 16 years.
It's basically a village
We don't have specific words for "boyfriend"/"girlfriend" either but unlike in your language, we say "хлопець"/"дівчина", which also means "boy"/"girl". But it really isn't that confusing
Don't you think Russia could conquer some new territories before Ukraine would actually join NATO?
IMO, the lemon one is better than Sprite or 7UP, but in general, they're not too different from other similar sodas
When I was younger and we didn't have many items of clothing, home clothes were the ruined ones, with persistent stains or holes; now I just buy some soft linen/viscose/fleece items from thrift stores and wear them at home
Those who know English (and most of those that don't) are already wise to sex tourism.
For some reason the Kreml wishes to manipulate the public opinion in Russia to be against us.
It's a lion holding a sword
Tentative ceasefire agreed for eastern Ukraine
However there is a slippery slope when nationalism mixes with self exceptionalism and makes chauvenism.
Yes, but if Ukraine attacks them it will be the perfect excuse for Russia to invade them from East, which means no more Ukraine.
Pretty popular term in news and analitics
Think of it like English dividing Middle East and then provoking tensions within the artificial states.
Well I think that Iraq wasn't a very unified society at all.
I thought that country was a total shitshow.
* Cossacks and haidamaks within Rzecz Pospolita
It is not Europe's responsibility to receive economic migrants from all around the globe who want a better life.
What *else* do you need
The ones that accept refugees mostly just accept refugees from Ukraine.
To express the eternal darkness that exists inside every Fin
Along with other examples of inconsistent usage like "nedilia", I assume these are borrowings from either Ukrainian (its local linguistic ancestor) or the Bible language which was used as the language of literature
Hm, interesting, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan are level 1, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan are level 2, and Russia and Ukraine are level 3.
that can occur in a span of 10 years is likewise impossible.
I can not feel sorry for "brothers" who hate and attacked us for no good reason.
don't spread stupidity, at president's elections 2014 two "right" candidates took less then 2%, combined.
It's that Romania had replaced slavic words used, to that of Latin origin.(French I believe, French was really hot back then)
they don't because NATO does work, which is why the baltics haven't been invaded, Ukraine was not in NATO it was weak and was the so called red line for Putin like Georgia
now he'll have traditional friends
Never knew Ukraine was in such a dire state.
Russia has not return Abkhazia and Ossetia to Georgia 🇬🇪 and Crimea won't be returned to Ukraine either.
First it depends on the type of agression.
In the days when Stalin was Commissar of Munitions, a meeting was held of the highest ranking Commissars, and the principal matter for discussion was the famine then prevalent in the Ukraine.
inb4 thousands of these popping up in Eastern Ukraine.
People that emigrate  have different opinions
When I use English for specific purposes, for example, arguing about the human rights of seashore gulls on the Internet but ignore the topic completely in real life, the needed vocabulary in Ukrainian or Russian escapes my mind completely
You are talking about events, not periods
One might argue that they actually had some grounds to that, like a vast majority of people actually wanting to be a part of Russia, or not being a part of Georgia.
Zelenskiy won like 72% of the vote in Ukraine while Poroshenko won everywhere other than Ukraine
In particular, our family loves watching Harry Potter on Christmas Day too
In the 1990's Russia agreed that Crimea is part of Ukraine.
If you compare them to countries such as Eastern Germany, it truly becomes pathetic.
You can use words like fellow, dude, lad, gent, chap, geezer, etc
[ONUKA - Vidlik (Countdown)]
[Zaporizhian march]
What a hero
The Ukraine situation had much to do with strategic interests in the Sevastopol.
More freedoms, more equality, better attitude
The term "sich" is a noun related to the Eastern Slavic verb sech' (сѣчь) – "to chop" or "cut"; it may have been associated with the usual wood sharp-spiked stockades around Cossack settlements
The last big one (2013 or 2014) involved about 200k soldiers.
use the stolen meat to make little figures and say they are people
Neither are Belarus or Ukraine.
Might not be enough to gain majority in parliament but enough to influence polls.
As for countries beating the shit out of each other in the world wars, I don't find them getting along unnatural
Depends because we have been under foreign rule for a good part of our history but I guess It has to go to Stalin
I'm not sure in which temperatures do you use sauna, but I like to use banya that is very hot and to get massage with bath brooms to the point that I'm dizzy and at this point I suppose it can be really dangerous to drink caffeine contained beverages
Considering that the US was heavily moving for Ukraine to get rid of their several thousand nukes...
More importantly, eastern Ukraine.
My professor always said that it is 100% sure that some kind of "Poland" existed long before 966, there are old settlement, some just under our biggest cities.
Any normal leader should have resigned after that.
Maybe because Russia keeps doing the same shit that was many years ago over and over again
Surely you can be pickpocketed in a crowded bus, that's no brainer
>Which do you think the continent prefers
China — Китай [Kytai]
Perhaps it means the opposite.
We easterners hate Russia because it's the last historical bully that fucked us all trough history.
That's Polish actually
A lot of nationalists are proud of that posterity
[This
Although, they know those are the US cities
Menpower is not everything in a war, good equippet is even more importent.
Well, there's still bit of a can of worms with Georgia.
I'm not russian and Ukraine is not on my wish list but I still remember when Kosovo was granted the right of self–determination.
>I'm not sure what you mean by English sentences being packed with information
Most of Eastern Europe is part of the EU, bar Ukraine and Belarus.
If u can't handle the problem, ban it.
I think there are enough questions out there.
Could not expect a worse response.
But how realistic is Crimea being returned to Russia edit: Ukraine?
This has objective reasons and isn't going to change radically unless something big happens
So the Ukrainian sound change was somewhat different.
no northern Scandinavia) and the EU-DEM didn't include Belarus and Ukraine, so I had to do a lot of mosaicing work to merge the two datasets together.
If you really want to live in a world where you're only going to be mesured in your ability to
They/we used to like Norse culture a lot so nobody complaining
* Muñeca brava (Wild Angel)
Foreign militaries entering a sovereign nation without permission.
And no, villages are not the same as you would imagine in the US.
If men in rule cant do anything - pull out language theme.
Don't even talk about non-proliferation treaties after Russia attacked Ukraine - the country that had given up its world's third nuclear arsenal for the false guarantees of its sovereignty from the USA, Russian and UK.
Afterwards, it will be mighty small-minded of Montenegro to kick up a fuss whenever foreigners enter those parts of the country illegally.
Ukraine's present in one picture
because the situation in russia is unique, and not like anything else i know, even from history books.
To be quite honest, I've had enough of the anti-brit bashing here, and again why let Ukranians roam around free and charge the Brits who spend WAY more on EU goods than the Ukranians.
Which may good for the economy in a way, and that's also why almost any large car company tries to get into the US car market.
Sometimes it could be said about people who have done something very hard
The EU is not ruled in an arbitrary manner but by the rule of law.
They do it since the fucking National Socialist party was formed
They also go beyond "sabre rattling" if you look at the state of the Russian economy.
What I don't like:
I also love the fact that my wealthy uncle in Ukraine who can afford a new car which makes a noise when the seat belt is not fastened had bought an extra seat belt dongle to stick into the seat belt fastener...
You are safe
after Collectivization Ukraine caused to be  Breadbasket
we have biggest and longest queues of russianspeakings on border crossing points into UA on east
Oh man, I loved all the little bakeries everywhere last time I was in Berlin.
Though last part have no connections whatsoever with today's events, Russia as nations is incapable of harming Ukraine in the way Holocaust was...
Poland
He doesn't want the whole Ukraine, he wants a land bridge to Crimea (top priority) and if possible a land bridge to Transnistria and the Kharkiv oblast which would act as another puffer zone between the West and the Russian border.
Links please
that probably another common thing in every post-soviet country
Russia accuses Ukraine of sabotaging Trump
See, sometimes it's easier for me as a non-native speaker to just describe something than to use an idiomatic phrase
Also, every Ukrainian child learns that the geographical centre of Europe is in Ukrainian Transcarpathia
Not this shit again
I bought a bag like this once in Ukraine because nothing else was available in the small store near my rented apartment.
Existing law was too harsh: a person could face criminal charges for slapping or spanking a family member.
However Crimea belonged to Ukraine.
Ukraine does everything to help the investigation.
So you have to ask yourself what will be the price for cheaper gas?
I only got gifts on saint Nicks day (19th).
"Reanimation Package of Reforms coalition" Never heard of this thing before, this is just some bullshit site.
internet is an entertainment for those, who can't afford regular IRL's fun
of a bit better quality medicine for the nomenklatura
russians today know that attacking and annexing Georgia, Ukraine or Checnya is wrong.
I always new voting for rapist is a bad idea.
I guess someone never studied history.
We have some well-known people who are known for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Pretty sure China is not telling us real number
Yeah, I'm bilingual, like everybody else, but have tried to speak both languages instead of having one dominant (Russian) and the other one sounding too artificial/formal since it was the language of my education (Ukrainian)
But we arrived to the station at 22:10, or so
poppy even gave name to piece of cutlery, [макогін]
How else are you gonna communicate with it
I read it and it's true
I think it would happen right after the New Year - they would need some more gas with a discount.
If they can't, they have no reason to serve you content
I personally voted for the association agreement with Ukraine, but here's some data for those that are interested.
It is also where people organize protests.
The hallway is the neutral zone, but the rooms are shoes free
I can understand many words in Polish
Hey, that’s my uncle
•Big bad Serbian dictator died and Yugoslavia started to crumble
it's just too small quota, Ukraine produces much more than 5000 tons
They learned their lesson in Afganistan and Cecenia, full blown wars are expensive, make bad publicity and it's really hard to win from them.
It was deliberate and man-made though
It's probably not as bad as in Ukraine, but there are these two territories on the Russian border that are not under control of Georgian central government - Abkhazia and Southern Ossetia.
Did he say in the end "mojemo dali
"Soros conspiracy" is going strong here after recent elections in 2019
* A lot of 24/7 services
Ukraine still owes russia a shitload of money for all the gas they stole over the years, doesnt it?
In Ukrainian you are to remember each and every stress of each word there is out there because they have no rules behind them
Was he afraid of his hand size?
While it is unusual to say hello to random people on the street, unless it is very small village, when you meet strangers on a mountain road, you greet them
On this note, welcome to Ukraine if you dare :) (if you haven't been already)
Moldova will probably only make it if they merged with Romania.
I mean
“Where are you from
Gun violence
Because it is possible that a lot of people in the breakaway regions don't want to live under Ukraine any more, for various reasons.
Also after the collapse of the Soviet Union people jumped at the opportunity of buying all of what was government owned from their crony friends and either sold it or kept on buying until we were left with nothing but a big kleptocracy.
Yes, i think the Ukraine learned this the hard way.
It's a damn shame but you speak the truth, the most Ukraine can try and do for the time being is slowly get Donbass under their control again.
We joke about Kuban being "historically Ukrainian territory" and it should be taken by "peaceful referendum" just like our eastern neighbor did to Crimea
Right, but Ukraine is not part of NATO, nor part of the EU.
In Ukraine the first floor is the one at street level
Mostly, but some people keep it in the pantry
[Wouldn't you like that, cotton boy
While in the deposits, excess gas is burned away with huge flares
Basically, when human activity ceased, animals returned
When people talk about conflict in Ukraine, they aren't talking about Maidan.
Ukrainian should be the same as French
It wasn't a "ups" moment like driving 15km/h too fast and it isn't like she stole bread because she was starving and Ukraine now impales her.
Or you could go to a governmental institution and hear it playing as someone's ringtone
Trump made those comments just after saying Putin is "not going into Ukraine."
"?  Because in Ukranian "mojemo dali" means "shall we continue
I can't really think of one city on the left bank that isn't known for being ugly
But I mean every country has those nutjobs
* [The Adventures of Buratino] the movie (1975, Belarusfilm);
Yes sensible adults can change things
But isn't the Holodomor specifically about Ukraine?
[BBC] for those who don't like RFERL for whatever reason.
Nazis thing for sure
For me, raw meat is a no-no (that includes any meat - mammals, birds, fish
Thank you, come to the dark side
This was a Ukrainian protest, formed and run by Ukraine
I just don't understand this fetishisation of "Vikings", and I study them professionally.
Jesus Christ this picture is so unbelievably Eastern European
We have 45 mil citizens and learning Ukrainian in school is a must.
I really like Ukraine's coat of arms.
(FYI It's not my opinion, I just retranslate the stereotype about Romania in our society
So you won't know if I [am] writing in normal English or following [the] rules of your game
What I think is "it wouldn't be strange if in the near future Serbia claims lands of Bosnia or Croatia" rather than "Alarm
At least we'll have some valuable lessons about how the world functions and whether giving up nuclear weapons is a good or bad idea.
Kuznetsov will be flagship for a long time.
They like to say they'll vote for the extreme crazy dude to "stick it to the mainstream politician" (which is also why the Ukraine referendum tanked so hard, because a lot voted against it to stick it to the EU, not due to being opposed to Ukraine per se); then when they actually have to vote they go "Naaah, let's not vote for the crazy dude."
Both the annexing of Crimea, and the Russian troops fighting in East Ukraine.
Because the majority of them are kinda all around France, as far as I know.
Never been there but yes there are really cool places at/near Carpathians
Michał  Wiśniowiecki is known only by people who're more or less interested in history because he ruled in a period when Ukraine wasn't part of Rzeczpospolita, and overall the Ruin  (1659 - 1686) period is super complicated so regular people don't know much about it
Instead he ran his campaign that was complacent against Russian subversive efforts.
Well that's a bit different though.
Alliens invade
The map just shows the Khazar Kingdom.
Wish to god they would stop building these monstrosities.
I have Ukrainian, Russian, Belorussian, Polish, Austrian (possibly Hungarian), Tatar ancestors that I know of, also unconfirmed Jewish and Gypsy roots.
Japanese has a beautiful rhythm, so it sounds cool and stylish
It's not a masterpiece per se, but it offers our perspective on the war we still have going, if that's interesting
You just don't know our brainwashed naselenie
I heat my house in village with wood when it's cold outside, my neighbours do same , so probably this is typical situation for ukrainian village or even small towns
Russia just wanted to make sure that this would't happen in Crimea what is happening to the rest of the country.
Hitler was an Austrian
Hours later we were trying to get back and were kinda walking in circles
Do you really not understand how that's totally different?
That ain't "shit", that was and is common sense.
> To be honest, whatever the result it doesn't look like much will change
But in the end, insects adapted and either ignored or just ate them
It's possible that Crimea would have wanted even greater autonomy than it already had or even independence, but again, we'll never know because Russia attacked before anyone got the chance to find out what Crimeans wanted based on the small change in government
Don’t make it sound russian
Pretty everything
Yeah, it's funny, it's kind of a popular sentiment here, but no one really noticed around us, lol
Sanctions don't help Ukraine anyway, so there is no point in "feeling bad" for it any more than you do now.
What was he going to say, that there is corruption?
That said, I personally don't want to pinch pennies and sweat about whether I can afford an extra beer at a bar with colleagues.
Many of these apartment blocks were built as temporary housing, and people still live in them
And it didn't start with Ukraine or even Georgia - many people still remember how Chechen terrorists, who made living by kidnapping and blowing up people, were lauded as 'freedom fighters suffering under delusional Moscow regime still clinging to obsolete Soviet ideas' by the West.
Doesn't mean others have to recognize their insanity.
"Never again Munich or Yalta"
They don't give a shit about the lives of their civilians or any civilians at all.
They are also in NATO, so the US would have to act or NATO becomes a joke.
It's all one ethnic group, more or less, but with different political beliefs that vary by region.
I really don't understand why the two things should be treated differently
They're also a very small minority
Putin ceases oportunities when he sees one, Ukraine has no government?
Definitely a recommendation, Ukraine is a beautiful country.
Russia shouldn't have annexed Crimea.
Not owning a car is ok, but not holding a DL could be a problem in the future if you would go travel and would want to rent a car for it
Not enough to ever consent to Ukraine joining the EU or NATO.
Russians go to Ukraine, Ukrainians go to Poland, Poles go to Germany.
Palace of Culture is not liked in Poland?
For Ukraine people its not nice.
You call them, specify the size of your load, book a vehicle, specify if you need people to help move the object, and that's it
Almost everywhere - Latvia, Ukraine, Poland, was a fierce resistance against communism, which just couldn't stand a chance against soviet war-machine.
and no one wants to mess up with nuclear countries just to protect poland.
Ну вообще то да вы правильно перевели, просто в русском фраза звучит как два отдельных не связанных предложения. Мы такие вещи понимаем, а носители английского не знаю.
You think newspapers just made up his ongoing land war in Ukraine?
Sure, here are a few works that we read at school
Yes, they were forced to covertly invade Ukraine/Crimea by sending their troops in without Russian military attire
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend" - never have I ever seen a better example of this quote than this (I like how it says "unfriendly" though)
There's too many crazy people who would just get tested three times a day for no reason except for them feeling more safe
A better question would be, why aren't Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus as poor as Ukraine, given the close similarity of their cultures?
That the Chernobyl made most of territory unsafe to live
In the end very few in the West care about russian massacres in Ukraine.
Cannot be
Good choice
I ofter get asked why do I enunciate everyword when speaking english.
The decision of ICC affects Russia as much as decision of /r/europe...
The police literally found him later calling to his hostel and returned the camera - someone picked it up and brought to the police
What cost ₴3.5k when dollar was 8 is now cost around ₴4.5-5, so its not even nearly where it should be.
There was no ethnic conflict, as opposed to the conflict between South Ossetia and Georgia.
Petrol may be cheap compared to EU prices, but for locals it's pretty damn expensive
You can be part of our system, respect vaccination rules, or you are out.
Only now, over a decade later after they were voted out of power there are slowly appearing new voices and stating that while the reforms were far from being perfectly executed, that government was the best we had and without them we would be in the same state as Ukraine was.
And maybe some countries in the Balkan.
The scandal is that Ukraine passed a law making MPs and government officials reveal all their assets.It's been hailed as a landmark for fight against corruption
I'm *assuming*, based on OP's past comments, that what OP's point is is that the paper said that opposition to Russian rule was not significant up to World War I.
The only question in Ukraine - where to find enough tombs for all russians
To be fair Russia did invade Georgia and Ukraine under the flimsiest excuse.
Are we willing to let our economy suffer while the US one does not?
Oh, so that's why they sacrificed a million of my countrymen and soldiers from other Soviet "republics" to retake Kyiv for his birthday
_And the skies, O brethren,_
a) not at all
I enjoyed the little immersive side conversations that revealed more lore to the player.
Ukraine hopes to join Poland in challenging EU pipeline decision
Loved the poppy seed pierozhki as a child, and still love them now to the point that my preferred way to die is to choke on a poppy seed pie
The UK will remain a member of the EASA, or will have an agreement basically equivalent to membership.
Same people were refuting Russias involvement in Ukraine.
This is true to a varying extents in Eastern Europe by the way.
Or movies about good cops;)
That's almost twice as much as the largest NATO exercise ever (REFORGER 88 as far as I know).
It's totally possible and realistic, they just dream that their new friends would solve their problems.
That's a really good one
cheap accommodation, tasty food, gorgeous women, shitty roads, grumpy people on the streets (very friendly if you talk to them, though)
100 euro would equate to at least month's worth of food here, if you're a student, it can be your budget for a season
22.1 million with access, 21.4 million active users.
Keep fantasizing and rewriting history to fit your E.U view.
So I assumed that the new government was more EU inclined.
Oh yay Maidan 2, I want to see how Russia would handle it
They want to have everything, but don't want to do anything for this.
Namely Ukraine, for obvious reasons.
>the word "Родина" (motherland) is feminine
I read my grabdpas old small map books so i didnt know kosovo exists for a long time
Our weird people are mostly mentally ill
Oh come on, this is not 90th anymore.
Not that I want Russia to annex all of Ukraine, but IMO, the international community, Putin included, should just leave Ukraine alone, and let them have their civil war.
they are all often overlooked when next to UK, France, Italy etc.
It makes public transport situation slightly better
Yes, I moved for studies in 2014 to Poland and haven’t returned back since
I personally like [this evil building] (IQ Business Center, Kyiv)
Ukrainians started to fight agains oppression by sabotage against Polish property and establishment to which the Poland responded with the beginning of the operation of "Pacification of Eastern Lesser Poland" (1930) which basically was an acts of collective punishment which started a whole new phase of radicalizations of Ukrainian nationalists.
Political thing made participation in song contest impossible (and then only due to choosing a contestant who cannot come).
Ukraine is good, also a victim.
During a sports competition, a Soviet athlete was running against an American one.
I hate that there is very little support for small, unified core union + associated states.
Hold my beer
Yeah, Torah approach to family relationships is, essentially, one of property ownership.
I am not talking about Ukraine.
With the new law of righteousness
Whatever, "whataboutism", but we hear about Russia every single day while little attention is paid to these openly neo-nazi groups marching around cities in Ukraine.
People with really thick Ukrainian dialects generally don't know the standard version of our language or at the least struggle to speak it, while they have no problems with writing it
Speaking for my country, we know very well what is going on in the east of Ukraine right now.
You or your children will have to pay it back to EU with $$.
Crimea was granted to Ukraine 50 years ago and before that it was Russian territory for approximately 200 years.
Miss K8 for Ukraine, if that's the #1 for Ukraine they probably don't have many DJ's.
Or you could take a bus and hear it playing from the driver's cabin
At, like, 5-6 years
Nah, they would voice concerns and hold 10 hour meetings about mitigating the threat
Quite a sweeping statement
Well, how the tables turned
Our hallway just happens to be 6 m long and 1,5 m wide, with some more space behind the corner
And deforestation is one of the main reasons for such serious consequences after recent flooding
They also completely underestimated the demand and right now you can order delivery only for Kyiv and Kyiv Oblast
Food availibilty was a much bigger concern then (when artifical fertilizers weren't as cheap).
They were native English speakers, btw
Hardly a desirable outcome for Russia.
It's three kinds of German people mostly: Young folks that come to study and eventually stay, old folks (often from Berlin or Bavaria) who wanna spent their last decades on the coast and the normal urbanization where Mecklenburgers move into the nearest city.
In the admittedly unlikely event that Russia actually decides to take shit seriously (like with Tanks), artillery isn't going to do shit
The martial arts group in Kharkov was Zhilin's, the Oplot in Donetsk which formed into a battalion was led by Zakharchenko.
As long as Russia meddles in your country, you will never prosper.
- liberalization - e.g., finally LGBT parades were processed peacefully, not only in Kyiv, receiving enough support from police, Poroshenko's party was the first to embrace gender quotas
• 1918 - 1921 (UPR, Ukrainian State, Directorate of Ukraine, WUPR)
Not a native, but articles
Here [some] [photos]
They are a lot like the "paramilitary" units in Ukraine right now fighting for Russian interests: paramilitary in name only, defacto a part of the Russian army/government.
At 5 already rode around my neighborhood with my "bike gang". I still use bicycle as my primary vehicle during spring and summer, even though it is dangerous in Ukraine as cycling lanes or roads are almost non-existant here
I don't think the war is ongoing in Crimea.
They were in the [2014 map] for instance.
He's a joke himself
Oh, shut the hell up you, simpleton.
But that's about it
I know that feeling bro
Now it's lower than them because of low oil prices.
I meant to show the EU had its own agenda and that IF the EU already had an army when the ukraine crisis started, I think it would have used it to try to help solve the situation, but in a way that benefits the EU.
When this complete Ukraine-disaster happend, I met russian students during an international congress that were not only really great guys, but just as angry as any westerners at their government for doing this.
There is a clear power struggle in the region between EU and their allies and Russia and their allies.
We're talking about Ukraine here.
Comparing a theoretical invasion of an island to it is like comparing apples and oranges.
Or /r/Ukraine, /r/Korea, r/Taiwan, /r/Israel, etc.
**Yaroslav the Wise** (ruler of Kyivan Rus 1019–1054)
Netherlands, actually
85% of the russian people supports the Putin administration,Putin invaded Ukraine.
Belarus, Macedonia, Albania, Bosnia, Moldavia, Greece and Ukraine.
Since the south of our country is Crimea, nearly 40 million people would find themselves on the small peninsula which is horrendous and fascinating at the same time
But that's not how Russia works
As I see these assholes could not even glaze some balconies
So, your friend's parent may be auntie Tania to you, but their grandparent is usually addressed using their Name+Patronymic
maybe they shouldn't be called "refugees".
Those bastards invented flying bikes
Well, seeing as Ukraine is in this situation now partly because they wanted to be closer to the EU, it'd be a little backwards to sit back and watch Russia carve their country up.
BOL
**2)** Another topic is the weather
This pretty much disproves the idea that immigration is hurting our economies.
Just really curious
Saw such ad on YouTube at least five times today
There is a huge community of Ukrainians
Then again his approval ratings are only going up since the Ukraine conflict, so at least seems he knows his audience well.
Petro Prokopovych ― the founder of commercial beekeeping
Whatabout whatabout whatabout
With more than 25% of Latvia's population calling themselves ethnically Russian, Latvia has the biggest Russian minority in the whole of Europe beating out Estonia, Ukraine and even Belarus.
But for the rural life that is left, people tend to be a lot more religious.
>According to the Romanian census of 1930, the territory of the future Chernivtsi Oblast had 805,642 inhabitants in that year, out of which 47
A question if the ukrainian nation even exists (and many Russians weren't sure) has finally got a clear answer.
"Transnistria" and Belarus : Threats
Ukraine conflict: Rebel commander killed in bomb blast
russians have used this technology efficiently to destroy the artillery of Ukrainian army.
Extra-realistic flags: Ukraine
The only thing stopping soviet troops from continuing to push on pass Germany was American troops on the ground and the fact we had a new weapon, nukes.
"Як скажеш"[Yak skazhesh], which means "As you say" or "As you wish"
i'm sorry, but are you dumb
Even formally Scotland can join EU very fast.
Ha ha
But it still feels like we need more hours to learn the whole Ukrainian History from the earliest people/civilizations to the 2000s and World History that includes the earliest civilisations (Sumer, Egypt, China, Greece), Asia, the Americas, each European country individually and during some significant events
Apart from S.T.A.L.K.E.R.:
They are free to go to Ukraine.
It depends on the weather before this particular moment I decide what to wear
You gotta think these things through
Well, this year its in Ukraine.
Any chance this recent escalation could grow further?
But hey, Russians are deeply European people and all that /s
Just like good old times of Iron Curtain
he was Russia's ambassador to Ukraine
meanwhile the only side not interested in Minsk is Ukraine
Typical right-wing, bullying people is like their thing
Some people from Galicia and Zakarpattia speak super fast and have a thick Western accent, I actually sometimes think they're speaking Polish and not Ukrainian
We call other countries very similar to their names, the same, or we use another ending
So I went with many of the same worries that you have.
Well for now fireworks are mostly prohibited because of war on the east.
Chilly: +1C — +7C
Proper Ukrainian spelling would be " suka blyad' ", and not "blyat"
Nothing would ever be better than this:
would be interesting to look at the picture about relationship with white person
It's also not just Russian students living in Germany, it's whole families who emigrated from Russia, Kazakhstan, Ukraine etc to Germany during the 90s.
) will be joking about now
Besides, why on earth would separatists want to kill Dutch people?
Who's the minority, really
When did the US incite ethnic tensions in Europe?
I have no idea in what world Russia would be considered an undeveloped country.
Petersburg, without the author's knowledge
Russian in Ukraine was strong up until it shot itself in the foot
Oh yeah Russian propaganda was successful .
I learned to ride at 3 years old
I'm sure they wanted to but could not.
Is that why America pushed hard for Georgian NATO membership?
Do you know any good steakhouse there?
You mean like what is currently happening in Ukraine?
Just like good old times of Iron Curtain
If it's not too difficult for you to find the study, I'd like to read it
It is grey situation with no clear cut answer.
Draw a line connecting Trieste, Slovenia and Odessa, Ukraine (this line passes through Târgu Mureș, Romania).
Смачного! (i.e., enjoy your meal)
Great point - I can only wonder where Ukraine would be now if it took the path of Poland in the 90s.
P.S.: do the Irish love pathos as much as Ukrainians
But I'm not really sure that makes anyone here "petrified".
* Current Russian-Ukrainian war and struggle against Russian terrorism
[Ukraine] with their flower crowns.
What did Russia expect from EU after annexation and a war in a country neighboring the EU?
It's not that this doesn't work.
Yes and yes
Ukrainian - very hard in both grammar and phonetics for non-Slavic people
fucking hell we are such a bumbling power.
Russia Sets Ukraine Gas Bill at $32 Billion After Flows Stop (01 Jan '16)
Besides why would Latvian speakers think of Ukraine as Putin's bitch anyway?
Am still waiting for reparations too from both sides.
Because of Minsk peace agreement, which also should prevent shelling.
How did Czechs and Polacks manage to bring so many people into Belarus
So no one wants to be a part of it.
Both are wrong and should never be done.
DUDE
Belarus is pretty interesting imo because it’s sort of a window into what a modern soviet union could look like
It's not like it's a human right to visit Ukraine.
Government closed metro, so people started using buses and trams, so they are overcrowded
"Transnistria" and Belarus : Threats
The quality of water depends from city to city
While it's hard to compare soviet and current military power, the USSR was larger (4M vs a present 800K).
Ukraine is not a member of NATO/EU not because of Crimea:)
Ukraine politicians said some pretty ridiculous things about him publicly...
However, depicting the sun as a male person isn't common in popular culture
i'm pretty sure those maps are sarcastic and not representing public opinion in any way.
More and more people become involved in it.
But to invade Iceland you first have to try to pass Mighty Icelandic Navy.
UK crushes Turkey, France crushes the rest of the Middle East.
I heard people in Ukraine are fairly miserable too, and you don't even need to pay them a lot!
A Ukrainian quasitraditional song became a widely know Christmas song after translating into English
It is a superiority of some English speaking people assuming everyone should know and speak English
Which is usually up for judiciary to decide, of course.
the thousands of soldiers which are only in USA/UK/Ukraine propaganda papers ...
Rojava isn't even an internationally recognised state, but it certainly would be less corrupt than the Barzani/KDP controlled Iraqi Kurdistan.
European Parliament preliminary approves visa-free travel for Ukraine
While a brittle truce between Ukraine’s warring parties has been upheld so far, the sanctions have given Putin’s regime in Moscow the chance to tighten its grip on power at home, without improving Ukraine’s hopes of reasserting sovereignty over eastern Ukraine or Crimea.
Here some of the types that are more or less accepted on the table there, other than chicken:
and now somehow they don't have democracy, after new elections?
**Symon Petliura** (political leader)
I really hope that Trump is just saying that to ensure that Europe maintains it's comitments to nato and stops relying solely on Usa.
EU membership
My first languages are Ukrainian and Russian, so I understand Belarusian, Polish and Czech languages pretty well (didn't encounter Slovakian, but I don't think it would be a difficulty to me)
Weird that they included Crimea.
Reforms in progressive pro-Western Ukraine:
I did walk over from Sighetu Marmatiei to Solotvyno (Ukraine) for a single day (you can skip the border line if you're a bold tourist!).
This is really awesome
[pro]russian [militants]terrorists are constantly taking use of it, conducting shelling from schools, apartment blocks.
Anyone who is patriotic, want to defend the country till the end and don't want to make compromises with the aggressor would do
"Ukrainian language is russian polish"- that what i heard mostly from russians
Still, i want to move and live somewhere else for some period of time (like a year or two) and then move back
Two given 5-year jail sentences in Ukraine for making anti-Ukrainian statements on social network
To substitute, people celebrated the New Year
Because there is a lot of corruption?
Look what the Russians did when Ukraine rented a port to them.
And concerning Eastern Europe - OP mentioned the baltics and Eastern Europe.
I'm from Bila Tserkva, which used to be owned by Polish noble family of Branytskyi
Parliament enthusiastically declares him to have abandoned his position.
You'll probably move the goalposts again if a Muslim woman goes there and takes a selfie.
They comitted a crime against the European peace unprecedented in the last 30-60 years and, broke an internationally brokered treaty against Ukraine and started a war in central europe that is STILL GOING ON.
So Ukraine doesn't even receive help to monitor it's fractured border.
**Winter apples:**
It's home of Crimean Tatars, our allies throughout history, and they're getting repeatedly, morbidly fucked by the Russians
Estonia has the third highest HDI of Eastern Europe, only behind Slovenia and the Czech Republic.
And if you're under 14 you have to go to the next nearest
I see it's about Ukraine I thought it was about the EU military plan.
Does the video really show what article says?
We should not be worried in Europe.
They are usually working for minimum wage or even less..
But nevertheless Ukraine is still there, every next year gives more and more people who was born in independent Ukraine, who get education in Ukrainian schools, who listen Ukrainian TV news.
The outcome was the same although one was done peacefully & accepted whereas the other wasn't accepted & not done peacefully.
Russian is effectively Lingua franca (besides English) of eastern Europe.
In ukraine/russia/belarus they usually say its german/chinese to me, more often
Additionally there were armed nationalists in the area in Ukraine since WW1.
I have no idea honestly
Not doing so would be a clear conscious choice and an obvious betrayal of an ally
The poster girls for Ukrainian poverty usually are elderly women in kerchiefs, near a decaying hut, selling homegrown food on asphalt, or begging on the corner (relevant [google picture search]
He's afraid of loosing his country, we may like him, we may not like him, but this dude was balancing beetween east and west for really long time and comparing to Ukraine it was not that bad for his country.
Yes, USA, UK and Russia have guarantees to preserve Ukrainian sovereignty and territory
This is not just about some tv quotas, but also about restricting the right of minorities in Ukraine to learn their own languages in school and ukrainization of all minorities, not just the russian one.
Just to be clear, I said I do not support Russia.
It might be a violation of her rights if she had previously been a resident of Ukraine or if she had a family there, but as far as I know neither is true.
Artillery is being used in Ukraine because the conflict is frozen.
This whole situation with Russia makes me so damn angry...
Oh, shit, if this develops wrong way, we would have even more longer border with Russia then before.
I feel like on a woman it would be accepted as women here tend to be on the more decorated side
Did you mean reaction to invading Ukraine and annexing Crimea?
It's not about personal safety, I assume
Russian foreign policies aren't spoken much about here.
For about 50% of the territory in winter, people warm themselves with wood and coal, and that's 2020
There certainly are Crimeans who welcome the Russian occupation (I have met some of them) and there are also those who are terrified of speaking out but wish to return Crimea to Ukraine.
&#x200B;
What's a "Young Female Leader"?
How is telling the truth that it was the same choir which praised occupation of Crimea and that these were the same journalists who wrote fake stories and prolonged the war on the east of Ukraine - "talking shit about the dead"?
Iceland, especially the Cod Wars
(migration, Ukraine, Greece) are, really, relatively minor and easily manageable with EU's enormous resources.
This narrative was very popular then.
Best rebuild it while nobody is looking.
They have different stress, does this still count
Священна Римська Імперія (Svyashchenna Ryms'ka Imperiya)
Although comparison is somewhat correct, big difference is that Hitler was not provoked while invading Czech Republic.
People in my city ride either MTBs or road racers
Toast, cheese, salami
Except this would be the quickest way to get Ukrained.
That's why Ukrainians are economic migrants.
I have a flight booked to Belgrade for this Friday and planned to spend in Serbia two or more weeks
You can't talk about Eastern Ukrainian ethnic Russians as if they are not Ukrainians.
You are fully in your safe space
Not in Yanukovich's Ukraine where police is a pro-russian organized crime, renown for raping women and setting them on fire alive.
Kabanosy definetly, only most Kabanosy that are sold here are now local (couple of years back there were only Polish)
Russia constantly uses Neo-Nazis as an excuse for invading Ukraine.
Because I'm really happy whenever I see elements of my culture are adopted by other people.
Well Poland fucking betrayed us and made peace with the soviets making us lose independence and get absolutely fucked for 70 more years
Sometimes even for free to attract customers
Every single year
The main objective at the moment is to make everything available in Russian also available in Ukrainian: books, movies, TV-shows, youtube, etc
By the law it has politically, has its own legislative ( Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea) and executive ( Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea  ) branches of government
yes, I made a typo
Minsk agreements have been violated by so called rebels the next day after their signing.
Voucher privatisation was a Russian idea, you know?
**Ivan Vyhovsky** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
A dream ️
You brought up Ukraine as if Poland faces the same threat
I say we should give the next russian government a chance, putin had his.
>A real man never dies, even when he's killed
Did it stop sending endless trains of their production to Russia?
Outright annexing a part of Ukraine, arming rebels in eastern Ukraine *and* invading it themselves.
It was a historical mistake to ever grant Crimea to Ukraine, but this mistake can be reversed and was reversed relatively bloodless.
Not to mention that public transportation is ridiculously expensive, and even in Copenhagen there's no land public transport except a few bus routes (why, oh why did they remove trams)
In Ukrainian, it's "*як почуваєшСЯ/yak pochuvayeshSIA*" (a reflexive verb)
What pill have you taken / forgotten to take???
The only consequence for them was that Ukraine banned them from visiting this so friendly and prosperious country in the future
Romans and Islam traded with them (amber).
But it isn't Ukraine who's annexing lands and causing all sorts of shit.
We'll renegotiate the Privacy Shield with the U.S.
Yeah, most of the prepositions are one-letter
**Symon Petliura** (political leader)
read up on history brother; as an example Radziwiłł's penal raid into Ukraine in mid 17th century.
Don't say that Ukraine is part of Russia
Ask Georgia and Ukraine as to how those are getting on.
Something about those tall vowels and the way he pronounces CH
That's not to say Russia is not to blame for this, but Ukraine could have maybe reacted in a way that doesn't make the song contest appear in a bad light.
I am entirely behind that, and/or offering to have Crimea become independent from both Ukraine and Russia, choosing its own languages to use, policies to pursue, etc.
Nazi has so much connection to Bandera, as Piłsudski
So because Ukraine, an independent country, considered joining Nato, (something it has every right to do) Russia just had no choice but to annex a part of it?
I was in Ukraine few times, including last 'problematic' year and was near 'problematic' areas.
Between Ukraine and Portugal :-))
It had felt right but then I met many people who put so much meat in a borscht as they had killed all pigs on Ukraine
Ukraine will likely never get it back.
When parents are paying thousands of euros every year in tuition, they expect the person teaching their kid to know what they're doing and have a track record of success.
[Here] I wrote a little about it
How did Portugal manage that
Because he invaded the Ukraine and started all this...
Syria war,Immigrants,Refugees, Ukraine war, Brexit, Trump ....etc.
Find it pretty dumb
Even currently, it has no chance of becoming a truly western-style democracy
I forgot the name
* when I want to use a word, but only remember it in a different language or I know the word in one language and feel the appropriate translation in the back of my head, it's like a ghost, but all the words I'm able to articulate don't quite fit the ghost shape;
It's like saying Native Americans shouldn't return to their ancestral lands in Canada and US if they were also exiled to another country.
I doubt that that was the result of intentional new Russian policy.
It looks too dangerous to do so
And seems like Chervonograd has a position: "it would be nice to return Krystynopil, but it seems like too much hustle"
The supply chain in Chinese industrial districts is great, while the same is probably not true of Ukraine.
*happy accordion sounds in distance*
Otherwise, it would be like eg comparing the GDP of Serbia to the GDP of Yugoslavia: a comparison that doesn't have any usefulness.
Shame on you for being so Ukrainophobic.
I hope basque language would be preserved
Why should an exception be made for this particular illegal border crosser?
June, 2018, Ukraine, official average salary: 9141UAH ~ $350
But the key thing is he DOES seem to be capable of learning.
In Lithuania a person cannot have a dual citizenship.
Aren't there programs for Russians in Ukraine and Kazakhstan?
Other than that, we can't get the status of a returning compatriot easily, since you know, the reasons.
The Articles of Confederation was replaced with the Constitution
Ukraine Launches Black Sea Missile Tests; Russia 'On High Alert'
The reason of that is Eastern holiday on Sunday and Monday
Yeah, removal of the free welfare magnet seems reasonable.
I wonder what would happen if we got the hell out of Europe and Asia for good.
I suspect that they would like to have Ukraine with them.
And indeed there were some repressions in Crimea.
Finally, Crimea can stay where it is but needs to be fully demilitarized, naval base and everything.
* [Example 3]
Newsflash Europe isn't Ukraine.
But what's wrong with talking with your dog
I have 0 knowledge on social view on this question in German society, thus asking.
About the territory probably hard to develop land in Siberia with the remoteness and harsh climate.
* "do" (to (I go **to** the shop -- Ja jdu do kramnyci)
What causes certain countries to rank themselves at the 120th-ish segment?
Supporters of President Yanukovich also used the term 'tituskhy' to refer to pro-opposition thugs
Also did not mention that the USSR started a war against northern country on november 30
People seem to forget that Ukraine shares a rather large border with the EU.
You have to remember that we a have a system of checks and balances in the US.
But sometimes people can just be rude and speak Ukrainian even if you don't understand it at all
Getting in was a bit of an ordeal - having the contents of my backpack search, long lines in customs, etc.
Camera: \*click\*
is this in itself enough to explain for Belarus's three-fold advantage in nominal GDP per capita over Ukraine?
I just don't understand it in both written and pronounced forms
We are talking about singers and other public performers.
Bulgaria has been pivoting towards Russia for the past 2 years.
And the propaganda is also complete, I agree.
Also, the fact that Bulgaria wasn't a part of the USSR was very confusing, because it was always talked of as if it was
Internet, siblings, friends, parents
US villages are more cities towns than anything.
* [The Adventures of Buratino] the animation (1959, Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow)
Don't compare anyting that goes in russia to anything that goes in other countries.
So Iäm wondering, whatäs his plan here
Putin no longer had political control over the Crimean military bases.
“A bit” In British English would mean that
I don't think that anybody who wants a strong EU (a militarily strong EU, even) has "pro-Russian tendencies", because the two concepts are very much incompatible.
Either way, talent and brains lost for Ukraine...
However, of the two that are on Street View, Russia and Ukraine look very similar.
If they stop, then will be eaten by putins POMOIKA
But yeah, being anti-nazi helped them occupy these territories
Hanukkah celebration today on the central square of Dnipro, Ukraine.
If an actual EU nation is attacked, it will be war.
sure, but what if people *actually* think like that
Hopefully Russia can unite with Trump and end German expansionism which is doing it under its vehicle, the so called ''European'' Union which in reality is a German strategy of European dominance.
I can speak only for Ukraine and it did exist.
Beijing - Пекін (Pekin);
>decent source
It is a matter of perspective, yes, they died for Ukraine, but lets not forget they died because they want Ukraine to become a part of NATO and the EU.
it is, indeed, brilliant
Why would a Union want to get involved in more shit if it has major problems within
If they new sanctions are required.
Check out Metro 2033, Metro: Last Light and Metro:Exodus
No, basically every name that you want, probably except Hitler or something
but it was also a covert dig at the establishment, much like Trump or Brexit.
We also had many shared celebrities (modern and Soviet), so we had shared cultural news as well
They still like it
The norms of teaching Ukrainian as a second language are only now being worked out and the language itself is undergoing massive transformation right now as more young people start speaking it, and generally younger people tend to communicate and engage with foreigners both for leisure and for business, so I think what foreigners learn is all over the place but still pretty modern and widely used by native speakers
>People want to watch the highest quality movies and TV shows
Russia now knows fully the danger of western designs on Russia.
When you're in nature, the norms are slightly different for both genders
Ukraine is not in the EU so of course it wasn't mentioned.
They're talking about us for most of the time
Combined 'DPR' + 'LPR' also about 600 tanks.
We moved much closer to Europe: visa-free travel, financial reform made investing outside and inside Ukraine easier, many internal standards and regulations were changed to follow EU instead of Russia
And on top of that, the guy inside one of the stations said that we need to go to the central one, it works 24-7
Ukraine in 17th century
Their people are still ruled by oligarchs who control private armies.
"Ukraine's ownership of Crimea was just an administrative issue from Soviet times, the peninsula was never Ukrainian,"
President still has some power, but it's been constantly reduced since the 80's.
Trump has an unorthodox republican stand.
And you forget about France reaction when Germany move army to Chechs border, they send ultimate to stop it, otherwise, France begin mobilization, and after this they start talk in Munich
Nobody complains about that, but they do complain about potential Muslim refugees
Then Ukraine elected Yanukovych, who is Russian-friendly.
Maybe the wording was wrong, people thought "Asian" meant Turk or Arab
We(Russia, Ukraine, Belarus) have lots of russian memes
Russia is not some Ukraine after all.
And Ukraine, France, Bosnia etc
Let the "human rights" race to the bottom go full-scale.
Useful idiots don't get medals from dickhead.
So it must have been some consideration of the Ukrainian reaction that prevented such an invasion.
The sanctions for seizing Crimea won't be lifted if Russia backs off from Ukraine
Ukraine can send troops to the east with no problem but if they tried to attack Crimea, they'd be annihilated.
To be more precise we have 1.3 children born/woman (2015).
Just because officially the parties are too small for formal presence doesn't mean they aren't de-facto represented
In the US that's called a Polish shower lol
I think he cut out "special" regions of Donetsk and Luhansk regions
Well, we are good friends with them but I can't say that we are close to each other for example like Lithuania and Latvia I'd say
Okay, let's get something clear.
This kinda solves Ukraine crisis because they and Belarus is rightfully our clay!
I'm pretty sure what gerusz meant was that Hungarian culture is very unique and therefore complicated to assimilate into.
Controlling huge part of Ukraine really makes it really difficult to get into other parts of Ukraine.
Russian actions in Ukraine showed how much we need an alliance like NATO.
Just as maybe a dozen of "rebel commanders" in last two years.
They just *got used to it*. Now, if suddenly Lukashenko decides to hold an open, free, honest election, I still guarantee that he will win that election
Do not try to cheapen the hard work and dedication of the Ukrainian people.
I live in France and French like to complain about the US but love everything and anything coming from there
omg, ikr
We do get tons of lake-effect snow (up to 50-60 cm in certain places) 2-3 times a year when storms from the Mediterranean pass over the Black Sea
But that doesn't seem to matter for these people.
I used to live in a small military town, and we had roe deer, hares, and boars
It's an urban legend though
Nonetheless, I am still 100% sure that 'freedom over everything' is way overrated
"Old age" isn't considered a legitimate death cause.
Ukraine is a sovereign and independent, democratic, social, law-based state
Where did you hear it
Ukraine is definitely not shining there.
I would be because it would really benefit my country
Who gives a shit about what Ukraine wants.
Ukraine has this problem as well
How about Lil' Porridge
Acquiring a Ukrainian passport as a Russian will be tricky.
**Lesya Ukrainka** (poet)
Crimeans don't want to be part of Ukraine and want to be part of Russia?
in terms of language usa is part of the uk.
Subsequently, after Russian authority became established, wages were cut back again by 30% to 70%.
"We're not returning our territory." Russia says it won't return Crimea to Ukraine
It's actually Russia force Ukrainian politicians to be corrupt.
Сонце (Sontse) - neutral
Funny thing that Ukrainian government didn't recognise Kosovo and now I understand why
And for Baltics, Balkans, Benelux and maybe Denmark (because you are small between big countries) only the general location as you said
well if all of them wouldn't be dead.
In short, Putin lives in a [Yalta] world.
You cant really say it's radical if almost 60 years have passed
Hackers Release More E-Mails They Say Tie Putin Aide To Ukraine Crisis
Whilst I'm not certain on how accurate the referendum was (The Tartar population boycotted it and there was the presence of unmarked military personnel too) I don't think Ukraine will ever get Crimea back.
The argument was the population will.
IIRC, even in Russia they only have one
I think 11 and 12, and 20-30-40 fall out of the comparison pattern
And it is actually a perfect training ground for their army, navy and air force.
It's a very good question
No, not at all
Every single time
We're not nearly as fucked as Ukraine might be now.
BBC Radio 4 did a programme on the feelings of those in Eastern Ukraine during the Maidan protests but before the war and economic worries seemed to be quite high on the people there's minds.
You know, they aren't bad neighbour, they might have "cold" relations with us, or Balts, but those were cold as "we're close to Russia" not cold as "you can go fuck yourselves", no bad blood between them and Poland, good historical past.
It reminds me of some books, where a hero is going against fate, so it's probably sounds a little clichéd but I like it
Online it also works vice versa, when you know an idiom from your native language, and someone writing in English uses a calque of this idiom
For us, the best-known person from the Wiśniowiecki dynasty is [Dmytro Vyshnevetsky] Jarema is usually viewed as an enemy coz he was against Khmelnytsky, but the role of the main enemy in this war definitely belongs to Mikołaj "Bearpaw" Potocki
Almost all the bars here have a choice of dishes
Choice 2: Do you support the restoration of the Constitution of the Republic of Crimea in 1992 and the status of the Crimea **as part of Ukraine?**
But that's what happens and there is fuck all chance that these facts will be part of that muddy swamp of opinion and bias that is UK/US/EU media these days.
This kind of criminal acts are unfortunately happing everywhere in Europe but they don't get state support in Ukraine but yeah "torch marches" (pretending that there are only nazi marches in Ukraine).
new Lada model, rumors has it that it runs on potato peels.
That would be Switzerland
Or why Obama pushed Europeans hard for sanctions after Ukraine?
There was some other president that won by minority
That's fucked up, honestly
It would mean the end of civilization and I think everyone knows that.
If you love coffee and in Kharkiv, you are in for a treat, seriously
What about drowned horses
Only old people were enjoying folk performances in parks and on TV
Holly shit, where is it
It can be taught as foreign language in school program
I believe that's because Russian influenced urban Ukrainian a lot - and Russian is much a gruffer language
In your honest opinion, is this in itself enough to explain for Belarus's three-fold advantage in nominal GDP per capita over Ukraine?
I know some Russian through family, and many times when I've been looking up words I'm not 100% sure about, I keep being surprised at how much turkic, tatar and mongol influence there is in it.
Ukraine is not laying claim to half of Eastern Europe, it's not waging extensive hybrid warfare all over Europe and Russian economic success of the last 20 years hinges mostly on gas and oil, which is a precarious thing to count on.
That's true that since 1990-ies the cockroaches almost extinct
Will do
Lysenko was without question an extraordinary man
Very late to the party: America First, Ukraine Second [Official]
How we are never going to give up on our country and will kill our enemies in spite of everything
We also had many shared celebrities (modern and Soviet), so we had shared cultural news as well
I'm not hysterical about Russia.
At least he's not as corrupt as previous pro-russian government.
Ukraine was never a member of CSTO, Georgia hasn't been a member for 18 years.
Is it about invading Poland or is it about running away to Poland, how we use the phrase "I have time to make it to the Finnish border" in the sense "i'm doing something weird or dangerous but its gonna be ok/i still have time to get away"?
ah, so that's the real reason why workers push for 4-day work week
Ukraine stands out a little because of immigrants.
It can be my insufficient explanation or maybe we just perceive it differently
Let's not pretend like there is lack of Russians telling about fascist junta in Ukraine, Russia not being involved in the East of Ukraine, having nothing to do with MH-17 etc.
It looks very different to human eyes, mountains are more distant
Norway: Eugenics and lobotomy, specifically targeting various "undesirables". Also the assimilation of the Sami
Taras Shevchenko- Ukrainian Poet
Tbh it's more "friend of my enemy is my enemy" thing
Unlike Ukraine Finland doesn't already have a big Russian military presence.
We had some but they are all dead, and i mean really dead
If there is any way that a public work can be botched, half-assed, or cost-slashed by giving it to inadequate, uncaring, or usually straight corrupt contractors, it will be done in the most atrocious way possible
Lithuania suddenly appears in 14 hundreds and after the Union of Lublin we never hear about it
And about "younger people is different and it changes eventually" ...
If anything, I trust in this whole situation Poland 100% procent more than the traditionally russophile France.
Russia should never have taken the land, either because the population wanted it or that they just invaded it.
However then came Australia and Ukraine who beat us with at least 358 points.
Will humanity survive until next?
The very fact that two rather close nations were able to go that far from each should tell you how long is the leash.
It takes many months of professional training by an actual army, and it's a team of people, so it was Russian army soldiers in a Russian Buk
At least there's metro now, can't imagine how much it sucked before the metro was built
"Russia is actively invading Eastern Ukraine right now, so..."
Is this a different cartoon with two bald children
Very convenient to not mention London, Paris, Istanbul and Moscow.
What value was Crimea or Eastern Ukraine or Syria?
what Russia is doing it's trying to destabilize our countries to create a so called buffer-zone, disregarding the will and the well-being of those populations.
In fact, the flag was yellow-blue [at some point in history] but the order doesn't really matter, because blue and yellow are two state colours, not a scheme for wheat and sky or water and fire, or something like that
A large enough response, one talking about a military intervention, would possibly be enough to signal to Russia to withdraw.
There's Russian proverb like that, except it's the stick that shoots
They're not trying to annex anything, it's just to fuck with Ukraine and ruin it economically(even more than it already is).
It's absolutely the same thing with Kosovo
Popularity of Geert Wilders and the Ukraine referendum do my head in..
Sometimes I forget that I can use the magical machine called Google.
Out of all foreign powers to rule our lands Grand Duchy of Lithuania is easily seen as the best one
Even when I was freelancing and paying my own taxes I still negotiated about after-tax payments, and tax was automatically added
Get over yourself, an opinion on Greece and obscure naming disputes is not a precondition to existence.
Sorry for the late answer
Tatars account for what, 11 percent of the population?
However, when Ukrainian has a dual citizenship not once, but twice, that's is where they should be concerned
Kropyvnytskyi in the middle
I considered Czechia, Poland and Hungary as more central Europe.
я чекнул твои controversial и знаешь, ты обогнал давно, не заметил просто
I personally have never visited Turkey, but many young Turks in my country, who were born and raised here.
Ukraine couldn't inherit any nuclear arsenal, because they're not a successor of the USSR.
You wanna say, that in Kharkiv or Chernihiv people say Groshi?
RF uses this rhetorics from the first days.
How I (Як я) - have spent my summer
How can I volunteer to fight for Ukraine?
You absolutely need one here, because public transport here is awful
Iran on the other hand, has been meddling in multiple countries, fueling conflicts in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Afghanistan and many others.
You're right, that's a thing about our historiography, in many cases for us Ukraine = Kyiv so when Kyiv stopped being part of Rzeczpospolita in our mind Ukraine stopped being part of Rzeczpospolita too
Ukraine wont be accepted into any international organisations while there is a war going on on its soil, thus it can be leaned towards Russia.
I didn't like him from the start, but most people loved him
whats up with that cyprus
But it is feminine in Ru and Ua, despite being masculine in many other Slavic languages
With Russia sadly out of the picture, I'm torn between Romania and Germany
Yes, every time you go mushrooming in an unknown area, you have a chance to go too deep into the forest where the GPS just shows green in every direction
Many people also have their baptism name, but it it is not used officially
They wanna lie to you how they got the best parks - it's complete BS and it has nothing but run down brutalist architecture
Selling Ukraine weapons leads to increased Russian support/involvement which leads to more deaths in Ukraine, primarily civilian.
how dare they trying to resist and throw rocks and maybe aiming with guns too
There is no easy way for Ukraine to advance without hundreds and hundreds killed every day.
Funny to here about warm hat, because winters here is kinda warm
* [Gala] - small-ish sweet apples available through the whole autumn
They always vote in support of regime.
Trump and Merkel to talk NATO, Ukraine and climate change
That's the first time we had independence in a long time and it left a lasting impact on our national identity as a separate nation
In Kyiv, you can get a 250m2 luxury flat in the city center, 13 normal size (40-50m2) flats outside of the city center, 400-700m2 house with a garden (overall 2000m2 land)
In every post-USSR republic it was the same.
Why
Kind of a dick move to poor Ukraine.
Nothing other than "Hur Dur, Ukraine is bad, stop listening to Russophobic propaganda guys"
As far as I can tell he'd like to "talk" with Russia and says the West is *partly* to blame for the crisis in Ukraine, but surely this is not the same as being a Kremlin puppet.
Also, every Ukrainian child learns that the geographical centre of Europe is in Ukrainian Transcarpathia
Luckily, your opinion on Ukraines legitimacy as a state is worth as much as my shit.
I don't get why you think that there has to be a court decision to ban someone from entering a country.
about lgbt free zones
Jamala for Ukraine (Eurovision).
c) please
I don't know why but we love each other
I don't need science and facts.
Turkey devolves into civil war causing it to balcanize.
In fact we have one car in the family and it's used by my wife much more frequently
But Germany will likely mark it up 20-30% anyway to make it profitable to ship to Ukraine.
They are proud of annexation of crimea, proud of  poisoning people in London
However, I find English to be one of the easiest languages to learn (I speak Russian, Ukrainian, German and Norwegian) especially due to it’s popularity and availability of books, guides, free content
I would asume Ukraine as well now after the war.
It had felt right but then I met many people who put so much meat in a borscht as they had killed all pigs on Ukraine
Bringing politics everywhere is the problem.
Do you honestly believe that there are any?
Sorry for a selfish question, but it seems to be the best place to ask
We're simply asking the same right as random ethnic Russians from other countries than Russia.
Natasha Romanoff's Russian is your typical Hollywussian
But hell, if Russia get cocky with our eastern border, there is absolutely no doubt everyone in France will be on board to retaliate.
Ukraine need not be poor, but corrupt officials have systematically pillaged the country, robbing Ukrainians of the prosperity that should be theirs.
On men in a workplace - no, because men usually don't decorate themselves even with earrings, and other visible piercing draws even more attention
This is what's referred to as France
No offence but it may be that you are the one who is either uninformed or even worse, intentionally spreading lies or omitting things like these.
I live in Donetsk, (formerly) Eastern Ukraine.
Not too hard
And his sons are Dmytro Oleksandrovych (of-Oleksandr, male form), Yevhen Oleksandrovych, etc
Because of that, activists peacefully protest, by the motto "No capitulation
One of us
Spring is coming, its time for the annual tank migration to the Ukraine
Is it by chance a geometry term
The one purpose titushky served was the intimidation and dispersal of anti-governmental demonstrations and attacks on participants and representative of the media
Oh yes, our primary school classes called "nature-knowledge" (Nature science
[Grab popcorn and head to this post]
I was surprised that my Belarussian friends knew more about Russian and Ukrainian politics than me, because it's so boring in their domestic political life they started watching our news
UK, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, Monaco, Vatican, San Marino, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechenstein, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Part of Turkey, Part of Russia, Romania, Malta, Moldova, Belarus, Cyprus, Portugal, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
2) Repetition: the boy went, the boy said, the boy sat, the boy replied
Not precisely, more like, is it in the north or south, does it have a shore, and so on
I know bits and pieces of Polish and French text(cause I read reddit hah)
we don't want a central government erroding our democracies
no hard feelings, as long as you got weed.
Are there public homes in Denmark?
Let me hear what you had against the agreement in principle.
So no, my life wouldn't be ruined if I suddenly didn't have a car
Peace and unity
Steamordor
Imagine your country in Ukraines place.
This is a broader term that includes but isn't limited by entitlement or helicopter-parenting
Russia needs Turkey more than Turkey needs Russia in energy once TAP/TANAP is completed.
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I know what's better for my child"
To substitute, people celebrated the New Year
Basically it is a region that is situated beyond the Carpathians
Language schools, apps, Youtube channels and textbooks are always in demand
Because that would be wasteful.
Don't try it anymore:) It's not that I was sick, just my mind reads it as non-edible
[Shchedryk] the original [carol of the bells]
A very small % of the names often used in the Slavic speaking countries are local (i.e., derived from words in the Slavic languages)
bullshit
I am talking as a driver, not a motorcyclist, so take it with a grain of salt.
As a Ukrainian living in the US, I feel like Mexicans are in a way very similar to Ukrainians.
Moscow
Most of us perfectly understand that especially an older Polish generation will definetly talk shit about Ukraine from time to time, but that's alright, it happens
I've been to Ukraine and experienced that too.
Completely correct, at least AFAIK in Chernihiv and Kyiv.
It was stopped twice from doing so.
So they began to worship the ol' good days
I've recently discovered her for myself and just in awe on the music quality (lives on youtube preferred)
no, the point of NATO is that nothing happens.
Tbh, creating alcohol is much much easier than creating tobacco
I'll say that green are more popular, usually, I see black olives only on pizza
If you want to take the beast down, that's clearly not the way to go.
Taking Kiev would only bust Putins popularity, it's EU and US that stop him from invading whole of Ukraine.
President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko believes that Donbas blockade was masterminded by the Kremlin.
Vaslui and Iasi are perfect examples.
A democratically elected leader was ousted.
Johnson says Britain, Poland fully support Ukraine in its fight against Russian aggression
Yeah, I agree, but it fits OP's question
I have money, which counts as a great legal argument in Ukraine.
Nah, wait, I know one about estonians being slow
The longest masonry arch bridge in Europe — Vorohta, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine
How is Ukraine going to get Crimea back from Moscow?
Russian is spoken/understood by at least 165 million people in Europe natively (counting European Russia, Ukraine and Belarus) with a lot of speakers in other countries (native and second language).
Changing direction away from Europe and NATO is simply not an option, since the majority of population will again reject it.
America finally gave everyone an opportunity to die in a f***ing world war
The people who work in Ukraine in software development live like kings.
Ukrainian
Huge profit with minimal hassle.
All Bilorussian was discriminated in favour of rassian
Similar to modern Ukraine perhaps.
One of the largest country in Europe, but in the same time one of the weakest in economic degree
Absent NATO -- what really distinguishes Estonia from Ukraine and Georgia, in terms of U.S.
Hungary is built different
Are you heavily Orthdox
What about the *"A second feline was launched on 24 October, but the mission resulted in a fatality
I bet not as poor as we are((
What's so unbelievable in that
Actually enforcing to settle bill isn't that hard especially with all the power that the EU has.
Sounds like you're describing Ukraine & Georgia.
To be frank - I think Ukraine has shown how easy it is to wash your hands, and say "Oh we don't know anything".
There is no way that all European states together have OPERATIONAL!!!!!
We're not really portrayed in the movies (not talking about Chernobyl here), but when we do, there are two general problems:
The "I take it by force and it's mine thereafter" doctrine might have worked a century or so ago, but Russia might want to try adopting to the modern world, because the civilised world won't let you get away with shit like this.
> The first three parts of the poem were published in 1798 in St
We say Chekhiya, but I'll call it whatever Czechs themselves prefer if there's an issue
Vareniki, come with everything possible inside, but my favorite are with cherry
You gained Remove Bordergore casus belli.
So many people were gleeing while cancelling her, because, apparently, people can't handle someone's success for too long
So they would count the 19 regular counties plus Romania, Slovakia, Serbia, Ukraine.
It depends on the season
When *Kazka - Плакала* came out a couple of years ago, you didn't even have to own a device to listen to it - you could just open up your balcony, and there was some dude playing it loudly from another balcony
It's usually windier, too
brobably sick of his collegues constantly changing
If Russia didn't care about local industry and producers they would have FTA with the EU and kill of its own industry like the Baltic states, Ukraine etc does.
Maybe high number of (secret) police.
maybe OP speaks a dialect where they don’t have the s - ß distinction
I'd rather have it in painful way than let my country become shithole.
Ones in Ukraine are doing that easily, and they are getting resettled in Adygea with state helping them while we don't get any help or can repatriate to the very same republic in masses but only a couple of dozens can do so.
But I don't think that today's escalation will even come close to the Cold War.
I remember reading a story about them
As far as I know, for a country to join the EU it needs to be agreed on by all member states, so it's impossible in the current Dutch political climate.
We should be compared with more stable economies.
Most folks may just say - Да? / Yes
* [Example 4]
How did your russian improve over the course of 50 days?
* [Red chief] - hard sweet apples available in winter
Ukraine already had that sort of peace for most of the 20th century.
Just a remark
And Poland is Poland which has a populist, undemocratic, right wing mood now...
How did minority win re-election?
On the Parliament and local elections sometimes it was possible to vote for the people who I really respect, like volunteers or war heroes
Ukrainians lost to many people.
Tell him we basically had joined dynasties in the 11th century
Nice: +8C — +13C
I can’t explain how, but this works so accurate
Perhaps the fact there is an active conflict going on there which affects the economy and the ease of doing business.
Propaganda is way more effective /s
And real results too, because its easier to just make you own.
I don’t know how, but grief for the victims of this genocide manages to mix in people’s heads with idolatry of soviet regime and this really sucks
"The Canadian government's decision to extend the military mission in Ukraine is counterproductive and does not facilitate intra-Ukrainian political process..."
We've been witnessing the creation of a new frozen conflict zone which will remain in this sate for many years.
how dare they not bow down to glorious russian interests
The capital afterall was in Kiev at the time.
Fuck winter
It's just that their recording was better, by any means there's few recording artists who make Yiddish music today in Europe.
That symmetry and geometry are **really really French**
Just fun fact
Yeah, it is huge, me and my friend hung there for a half of a day and did not visited all the stuff
That has nothing to do with Rus, the US interference in Ukraine, or anything else.
I'd rather Ukraine fail than us, tough luck but Ukraine made their choice in the US which means that we cannot back out.
"Ukraine at its greatest extent".
Nice map
But the reality is that over the past three years many of Russia's top performers have visited the peninsula
We have so many rules for using those
i have almost everyone at the table on my side
except they didn't become agreecive when nato put bases in Poland, Lithuania or Hungary they did when we where moving in on Georgia and Ukraine which are right on their boarder.
As you see, people over here(me included) aren't really that knowledgeable on the topic
We call it Шпаргалка - shpargalka - which comes from some Polish word
I’m from Ukraine but I’ve spoken Russian all my life
They said as if it was strange and unusual, for me it seems like the most natural thing to do
I had a microwave in my room and, occasionally, when I would heat up some food there, a cockroach would somehow crawl into the microwave, while it's working, and explode
Poland, Slovakia, Czechia and Hungary are practically at the same development level.
But if by doing that Ukraine no longer has a territorial conflict keeping them out of NATO, It still may not.
There were large scale protests against Yanukovych's corruption and abuse of power
Which obligation of the treaty did the US break?
I would change my current flat for a small house out here easily
Many people also have their baptism name, but it it is not used officially
I just told you why they're not "average".
oldest bridge in Paris is called ["New bridge"]
Trump is a dangerous fool who will lose the chess game against Putin in Ukraine and the Baltics.
Ukraine’s government has hired Washington lobbyists to fix its problems with the Trump Administration, but would do better to fix its internal problems, instead
Perhaps a game which tells the story of the Isdal Woman, a 1970 Cold War murder mystery in Norway which was never resolved
Almost kicked in the face some drunken Austrian who behaved very rude and superior
God, I miss Krautchan so much
All of that shit and using neural networks in general for these kind of stuff has already been morally grey for decades, and I would be extremely happy if all of that disappeared
On this note, welcome to Ukraine if you dare :) (if you haven't been already)
Tens of millions of people suffered during this period, millions died.
I don't really think most people know enough about us to have any real stereotypes
Matter of fact is that these soviet camps aren't considered fancy-shmancy and you don't need to pack your inferiority complex going there
Here in Ukraine both ways are taught, we say that there are six parts of the world (Europe, Asia, America, Afrika, Antarctica, Australia and Oceania) And six continents (Eurasia, North America, South America, Afrika, Antarctica, Australia and Ocenia)
While some of the key similarities between you guys are nonexistent by this point, we still can't unsee you as the Russia of the Balkans
It's a direct translation of the Russian name and they're really close languages
Probably nothing to worry about for young healthy person
I'm sorry if I offended any Serbs though, that wasn't my intention
The issue is that this referendum was after armed military invasion
So no, I'm not under the influence of Russian propaganda, I'm just being realistic in how this conflict of power can end.
As for Ukrainian, can't tell
Such a way of life makes gender roles valid again
>As for people speaking surzhyk, it's best to avoid them, they're not really the best at oratory and you probably won't get much out of discussing something with them
well, the resources of SBU are limited.
This year there was a referendum on the cooperation treaty between the EU and Ukraine in the Netherlands, and people voted against it.
But these links need context, to understand what they really mean.
writing from Vyborg
* Sviatoslav (the one who glorifies holiness);
there are no people in Ukraine who do not understand Ukrainian language.
And that's is the real problem.
And Russia should not send a singer to Ukraine which won because of politics in the first place?
The last name comes first or last in order
Every one is dependant on others
Not all EU members recognize Kosovo.
IMF confirms Ukraine loan delay over blockade
Just as I replied to another comment here
Name (e.g., Mariya) + Patronymic derived from the father's name ([daughter] of Petro --> Petrivna) + Last Name (Moroz)
Yes, that might very well be the case.
Maybe its an answer for somebody
In here we don't this
Yesterday it was almost the opposite
Ukraine has to deal with criminal state on its Western border that supports terrorists.
That's what Putin said about ethnic Russians in Ukraine.
But, but, Europe is bigger than EU
But yes currupt and unstable are both true.
fuck...my English is still terrible.
If I understand correctly, you need a mobile data package
what about snow this year
lmao, EU is constantly in crisis mode though.
But seriously, so weird were the times that I can't imagine how some people still can feel nostalgic about it
don't you mean Central and partly Eastern Ukraine?, because Western Ukraine(Lviv/Lwów) used to be Polish then, at least partly..
From a Ukrainian perspective, ***pelmeni*** and ***varenyky*** both belong to the family of dishes, which take small portions of dough and fill them with something, then boil in water with salt (+optional spices)
Привіт, мене звати Джон, приємно познайомитись. Ти звідки?
Happy independence day !
One thing by the way that splitted most of nationalists is the Ukraine intervention and Crimean anexation.
Yeah calling it a failed state was kinda far, data supports it.
Benelux have nothing on Estonia, i would pick Estonia anyday
* shelters are full and don't accept any new stray dogs
There are a lot more things disqualifying the British isles from that than latitude, mainly being a small island in the Atlantic, so the weather doesn't exactly work for that.
Or Syrian one, Sudan one, Pakistan one...
I do understand why you wouldn't visit eastern Ukraine however
Ukraine army was like REALLY BAD and currupt in that time (i dont saying its good now, but a lot better) and result was losing control of borders with Russia in region so they can do what ever they want.
Seriously, what do we know about our direct neighbors and our relations with them (e.g.
Western support for the rebels in Syria never was any good for achieving a stable Syria.
I have no faith that anyone else, least of all Ukraine, will be in any position to even be talking about territorial changes in the distant future.
And if it comes at the cost of the freedom of the people of the Baltic states or Georgia or Ukraine?
* [Example 5]
For pizza we use knives and sometimes pizza cutters (but most people don't have pizza cutters, so it's more common in restaurants)
Quails are way more common than ducks and geese in supermarkets though
[Carpathian mountains, Western Ukraine]
The western media bias towards the "liberal order" agenda is appallingly one sided.
More like Poland czechia, hungary, romania
NATO/EU countries will cost orders of magnitude more, the standards of living of the aggressor would decrease to those of the Soviet Union probably
The political establishment was circumvented, if anything they showed they won't be corrupted by right wing spasms by ignoring the vote.
Maybe some of the older people will ramble a bit, but even that is becoming less common
To find out their differences and more, read replies to this comment below
The best morning is the one with self-made hot mountain herb tea.
Note primarily Ukraine ("bread basket of Europe") but also Romania and Hungary on the flats.
Other policies included the abolition of capital punishment and economic redistribution in the countryside.
And I don't mean hat, I mean the tool.
I'm not saying the US should invade, I'm saying more sanctions are in place.
Value of life in general has increased in last 300 years.
To the best of my knowledge (and having asked a couple of people for confirmation), St.
Both Russia and Ukraine already declined that offer (of course).
Ukraine Right-wing Groups Rally Against Government
For exactly opposite thing: stealing our money that we don't (want to) pay our government
WE is just blissfully ignorant.
the full name though: Австро-Угорська імперія (Avstro-Ugors`ka imperiya)
They were also allowed to participate in various CIS initiatives, e.g. the Commonwealth of Independent States Free Trade Area, which were, however, formulated mostly as independent multilateral agreements, and not as internal CIS agreements
Also, our memes usually making grammar mistakes and lowering overall quality on purpose
They could've started another "peace keeping" operation in Kazakhstan or Georgia, the signs were there a year ago that they were preparing for more but the sanctions hit them too hard to do anything else.
It would likely be Poland, given that they can count on large pools of cheap labour from Ukraine *if* it would be in Eastern Europe.
There is an independent country, it's called Macedonia regardless of whatever official names are being thrown around.
The first trailer came up right after Frozen, and Mavka had the same "frog eyes small mouth" design as Anna, Elsa, and Rapunzel, so there was come comparison to Disney
So, to conclude, there is criticism of immigrants from the migrant crisis, including refugees, (even most of the accepted refugees are Christians or Yazidis), mainly because of the backlash from terror attacks in France and Germany, but that opposition doesn't necessarily mean openness to European migrants, and it often doesn't.
*sort comments by controversial*
Ukraine doesn't have the ability to project military force anywhere, especially with Russia ready to annex more territory.
What can we expect from Schulz if he wins?
These territories were included by Stalin in Georgia and Ukraine for these reasons in the first place.
Some countries require copy of my credit card (though, with hidden middle numbers).
And honestly, we will never know how Crimeans would have felt about the new government after the early elections
But I could write it in this way:
People are screaming "No Violence" as the ingrats are now throwing rocks and bottles at the police.
Wasn't there a referendum -Crimeea, plus Since when is Ukraine in NATO?
I haven't been there myself but wanted to add a few spots on google street view:
There is a huge shadow economy in Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania...
Overdrinking is not respected
The article makes it more sensational that it is.
How a Kyiv state organ is undermining Ukraine’s European integration
• 1708 - 1709 (Mazepa Uprising against Russian Empire)
But they are not Hutsul
Oh, and there's no need to wave your ignorance around, it looks really bad.
The Russian Reset Part 2: Sucks To Be Ukraine
They called the police and ER and asked them to detain him
It is still noticeably different from Polish and Slovenian dialectal švakanje.
So instead of blaming solely Russia, it would be wise to ask what made Ukrainian citizens take up arms against the government.
Sucks to exist in the ass of europe.
I feel like the title is misleading, Ukraine isn't nationalising it, the shareholders are giving it the the government in order to protect depositors.
Yes
They are very often used in bakery
But it was governed by Russian Bolsheviks from Moscow
20 people conspire to kill PM of Goatfuckland who by some chance doesn't suffer 3rd attempt of getting killed (strangely enough all at the time of the elections), they arrest all of them and let 17 of them the next day because there is not a single evidence except some slingshot.
Putin also said that the borders of Ukraine are inviolable and Russia will not try to change it.
He was the first that came back alive
He tortured and humiliated people on camera.
Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty.
> Yes, that's what I mean
I'm just saying, it's become pretty common practice to circumvent Ukrainian authorities and Ukraine has imposed this type of ban pretty selectively so far.
Like that one:
Moldova is our bro, Brolgaria is nice and Ukraine is already caught up in war.
From your local aldis, to the gym or anywhere as a matter of fact.
So I can't say whether the map makes any sense for other countries, but for Ukraine it is totally made-up nonsense
lol, that's exactly my point, ethnically you are close to them, just like Russia ethnically quite close to Ukraine, this however doesn't lead to the fact that it's the same, or that "omg, they share so much, they're probably one people"
A Ukrainian quasitraditional song became a widely know Christmas song after translating into English
Also, it +6°C now
You aint gonna see maps like this with Russia and Ukraine or Serbia and Ukraine for example.
russia, putin, Ukraine, USA, UK, EU, NATO
You start throwing rocks at them — they claim the rocks as British territory.
"Never heard that country
It actually has more ground footprint than equivalent typical series
Not everyone who lived there was a Cossack.
I asked the landlord in April to install the AC for the summer, since I was sure that due to Covid I would have to work from home
As an engineer, hell YEAH, if this leads to less data collection and targeted advertising, and marketing
I live in France and French like to complain about the US but love everything and anything coming from there
We in Ukraine actually say блядь more often
Crimea has been russian for longer than Ukraine has been a country.
Because it's an example of a country that had to fight a similar fight for its independence, and succeeded admirably (that is, it's not only independent, but vibrant and free)
It's nice and all, but does anyone honestly think that we will ever see Crimea being returned to Ukraine in our lifetimes?
Euros can be used very easily in places like Bulgaria and Ukraine.
Can someone from Norway, or Bosnia, or Ukraine be a descendant for example?
Holland: very common, used interchangeably with Netherlands, maybe even more.
*"Pan Yakovenko"* (*Yakovenko* being a common surname) is also a valid addressing, but more when people in a proper setting talk about someone who's absent
You think it's "statistically simple to solve" a home break in?
Oh my god, sweet summer child
I watch this show sometimes, and already high level of inadequacy is increasing every month
There's difference between Civil War, 1960th and now.
I dont see room for me
But Ukraine also has about [830 small towns] (селища міського типу), which also have more than 1000 inhabitants each
In summer-autumn, the assortment also includes local seasonal apples with soft and juicy apple meat
4 billion people recognized his legal status
They admitted that the phrases in their native language almost sounded louder or closer to them physically (it felt so)
You can use a room for home office, playing room for children, living room, etc, that's why I don't call it a bedroom
I wonder if this explicit dictatorship move will finally persuade Germany to stop the Putin's beloved political project called Nordstream
Cold: -15C — 0C
They never leave it, it's Eastern Europe
Russia was seeing NATO less and less as a threat up to 2012....
Well, at first he behaved like the best citizen of Russia ever.
City dwellers in Ukraine were fine however.
No-no, gas dispute goes to Stockholm, not Hague.
Each joke has a piece of truth :) Could you add more details in it
Especially their language, history and culture
You surely do a great favor to our country representation out there with all those "alternative opinion" comments
People like that
I think Europe was safer in the period between the end of the Yugoslav wars and 2003.
The soft **Г** is breathy and transliterates to H (in English: *happy, house*)
2% were Romanians
Have a Happy New Year everyone!
Taking in mind what came of the association agreement in Ukraine, I think negotiations with Belarus could be interpreted as a massive provocation towards Putin & Russia.
The ruling is likely to see Jamaica and **Ukraine** promoted to silver and bronze respectively behind the United States.
i'm not sure that I can agree with you abou that:) the price was too high for the victory, and potential reward was too low for Stalin.
If Nazis succeeded, almost every city east of Warsaw would be demolished and depopulated and tens upon tens of millions of innocent people from Baltic States, Ukraine, Belarus and Russia would be exterminated in the concentration camps and the other half would be forced in the labour camps.
This is something straight from r/UnethicalLifeProTips
The recent immigration wave has boosted the process a little but that's just a minor factor.
I have some Italian ones like this too
We love the troops you bring here, makes us feel safe against Russia, as you notice we like the US more than the West, because they never had Russians close to their border and they don't know what Russia is capable of, see Ukraine for example.
Maybe (just maybe) I thought that Portugal was a region within Brazil that gave the name to the language, just like Latin that comes from the Latium region, and then it went independent
If it is relevant, I have a both a Canadian and a German passport, but I will be travelling with the Canadian one.
This naval base is the home of the black sea fleet so its extremely important.
I think it's not about having one or not.
>  It was actually comparable with the number of hours of history I had during my 4 years of high school in Poland
It's their thing; maybe because when older people meet later in life, they start with addressing each other by Name+Patronymic and then just shorten it for convenience without going too informal and juvenile
That, or you Fanta/nesquik will come from your water pipes just like in Crimea
Mi casa es su casa
Even without the US in the NATO or the NATO at all the collective security and foreign politic-sytem of the EU would trigger in the case of a Russian invasion.
Here Nikolai's II one:
Russia doesn't need those territories they will not take them even if offered, they need enough military instability in Ukraine to guarantee that they will not be able to join NATO, if Ukraine secedes DNR/LNR, then Russia will push DNR/LNR further into Ukraine.
And what about Omsk
repent for burning of 40+ people in Odessa
And bring pro- Russian and democratic simply doesn't mix together
I know well that Trianon revanchism is an unofficial mainstream policy of your country, please don't act a fool
At peast in Europe there is adequate public transportation, so a car is not essential as it is in the US.
And EU knows it and does nothing to improve the deal for Ukraine.
But you're wrong when you say that the Ukrainian revolution wasn't controlled by outside forces.
However Lukashenko is a wise and reasonable man who honors trust and always speaks his mind and isn't afraid of anyone.
About Ukraine, if I'm honest, idk much about their linguistic situation.
> mostly meme about going back to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
But those problems are here every year, every month.
Ukrainians (as well as Belarusians and Russians) have been watching a lot of telenovelas since the 90s. Many people, even younger ones, might take interest in the lives of the actors from these series
Let's see if EU has any backbone without the US.
Only if you mean Russia and Ukraine, rather than Eastern Europe in general.
They eat together with adults snd then go play wherever until it's time to have a cup of tea with a piece of pie or cake
The more devastating is the fact that it was triggered by local partisans action couple days before - they attacked local Axis garrison of hungarians (80 Axis soldiers were killed there)
Some of Crimean Tatars wish to reunite with Turkey, not with Ukraine.
Doesn't seem like something Putin would do.
sellout
try to paint
People saw that Paasikivi-Kekkonen doctrine worked and thus didn't want to break status quo.
If the Budapest memorandum had obligated the US to intervene on Ukraine's behalf, then that would still be in force, even if the US administration changed.
* Jealousy - "*ревнощі/revnoshchi*" - for when a person is envious of the attention their love interest or parent/friend/etc gives to someone else
No of course not, but he keeps denying involvement in Ukraine.
That is plenty of shit to me earned by sucking a dick in my honest opinon.
They fully realize that corruption never left the Ukrainian elite after 2014.
Is this how fast you've forgotten about Ukraine?
Right now, our military is way too strong, even if we're divided nations.
No free education
The EU sanctions against Russia were both quick and a unified response.
Vice is so inconsistent; they produce great pieces occasionally like covering the war in Ukraine from the very beginning.
For the record, the only part of France that really has an independentist will is Corsica.
One of them(Stanislav Aseyev) is actually imprisoned by the Russian puppet states/separatists aka DPR on the uncontrolled part of the Donbas warzone
I however think that it'll be ages before Ukraine, Moldova, or Georgia join EU.
The Parliament is one of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen, but Transylvania deserves much more of your time.
It's nice to see that not all Russians are brain-washed and blinded with their love for Putin
To use this fact alone to bar her entry makes Ukraine look petty by shoehorning yet more politics into what should ideally be a pan-European cultural event.
It's probably not universally known here, but when you learn to skydive and you need to count several seconds, you are taught to do this like 501, 502, 503
We were at #140 in 2013, before the war, and with much more totalitarian goverment.
PS: Shevchenko has some connection to the US by his poem [THE HALF-WIT]
Even with all those hate speeches NATO agreements are still in place.
From [Wiki]
Sounds similar to Ukraine and Russia.
Proud of war in Georgia, proud of war in Ukraine, proud of war in Syria
Ukraine has no reason whatsoever to target their own citizens, Russia has no qualms about murdering civilians.
Largely ceased to participate in CIS from 2014, and withdrew representatives from all statutory bodies of CIS in 2018 as a result of the Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation and Russia's involvement in the War in Donbas
Shows quite well how much foreigners really know about Ukraine.
I would love English to be phonetic
And for Kievan Rus before, only from the other side
But soviet target class of people.
Kazakh is Russian can-readian-but-can't-understanian
7 million population called Lukashenko "illegal president", while Russia with 146 million people and China with 1
Because Ukrainian lands become part of this country not as result of conquest etc but because of Dynastic union, and we still had right of voting and so on
Rusyn is generally old name of Ukrainians
China is not interested in fighting Russias wars and it is just some decades ago that Russia and China were archenemies.
Yes I can totally understand why the russian did it, but still Ukraine is a recognized foreign country and they had no right to do that.
To make a symbolic step back and look somewhat less of a Putin fan boy, fearing an impeachment might come.
They still use them here in the us as well, but they're electronic ones.
Oh well, I need to think of a better Frankenstein's monster joke :(
I see the potential, but I don't know if Ukraine won't be too much of a burden.
Haha, continuing the good ol’ European tradition of shit-talking the Ottomans
[You see
Ukraine served as a buffer zone too but with their turn towards EU are now suffering.
Can't get diabeetus when you only have enough money for potato and bread.
Ours is the northern part of the region
I dunno, maybe 5 or 6
Same for Russian, I feel your pain
Она цвела... (с) М.Ю.Лермонтов
Ukraine is a vague borderzone, although I do think that it is more European than West/Central-Asian, as Kazakhstan is.
You defend people who will never target you
**1)** We had regional elections on October 25
that's like 3 Scotlands compared to England
Russia is performing on par with parts of western Europe.
Well the number of people that benefit usually is pretty small
Let me shock your world - everything revolves around money.
Also, there are photos and a video.
Walk too, I must have walked 25 miles in the week I was there.
Ukraine certainly claims it, and can justify that claim; but has no control over it, has no way to get it back in the observable future, and has almost no support from the local population.
On reddit a few even said they voted against it because the agreement would be bad for Ukraine.
Just a remark
That's was our stereotype about Russians in 90s
What we got (clandestine intervention in the conflict and continuing support of 'our guys') is about what most Russians could support.
as if "Gaia" wasn't short enough :)
UK literally chose to do this by vote, it was not some politician's decision
Le Pen is spitting in the faces of those Europeans, her allies, who fear if Russian geopolitical actions such as causing death and misery in Eastern Ukraine are not punished, that these will continue and you guys will swing your geopolitical dick around more.
" (fragment)
The only think that bollocks is you.
I also absolutely love American Civil War songs like " I wish I was in Dixie" or "Battle hymn of the republic"
Yeah, I know about that part, but I'm interested whether can they get something in belarusian these days or not?
Thank Putin for that
There's no conflict like Ukraine, not so poor like Moldova, and not an authoritarian government like Hungary.
Worth visiting
Literally nothing to see except hundreds of stores and thousands of people going there
Germany is rather anti-American, I think.
usually, it was -13 or -7 during the day
Yes, ser(v)us is still in active use as an informal greeting in [Transcarpathia] (Ukraine).
Don't you shit talk the Mexican.
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I don't feel like letting my son/daughter wasting their life away with that partner they've chosen"
most of whom do not want to be part of Ukraine.
I am sure that he won't mingle too much in everyday political skirmishes.
Basically it is a region that is situated beyond the Carpathians
Russian only has regional words and phrases
regime change tactics in Syria and **Ukraine**
Trust fund for africa and terrorism solutions those are 2 things which come to my mind.
Yes, that why i say -  mostly
And how exactly do you get the idea that there is an army to "persecute Europeans"?
If the state is commonly mentioned in pop culture, then most people are familiar with the name
Ergo, Russia has almost a free hand to do what it wants in Ukraine, while the EU and the US have to be much more cautious.
The Germans are using the EU to expand its power and influence.
I agree on most things, but I think with Ukraine they did everything they could and in a prompt manner.
And then caused his own genocide
I have ties to both Ukraine and Russia but I completed my high school in English speaking countries and I'm more comfortable with it.
They also said Russia wouldn't invade Ukraine and here we are.
"Successor" is a stupid concept anyway.
In Ukraine (in RF as well) Moldavia and Belorussia possesses a little bit of pejorative connotation while Moldova and Belarus are excessivly formal implying one tries to sound PC (why?
A Czech dude's face is an upside-down egg with two yolks, and the nose is pointy
Crimea was a colony of Ukraine, it has its own parliament, distinct geography, distinct language and distinct history separating it from Ukraine, it chose to leave.
They don't need Assad personally in power, but they would really like if they got the annexation of Crimea accepted.
You're right, female patronymics usually end with **-ivna** (Petrivna) and male - with **-ovych** (Petrovych)
I'm not saying you're automatically evil for liking Putin or sympathizing with Russia.
In some domains like education and service, Ukrainian is being enforced to reverse the process (Russian has been being enforced here for the last 400 years)
There were no alliances with Ukraine
Or do you require the unattainable level of proof Putin fans wanted to see that falsely blamed the downing of MH17 on Ukraine?
Clearly Romania, Bulgaria and Slovenia were only corrupt, which is something the EU can deal with.
Just because a person has hope for humanity doesn't mean he needs help.
Slav radar, sounds funny
Both see Vladimir/Volodimyr and Yaroslav the Wise as their founding fathers and Kievan Rus' as a predecessor.
"Do the Oxen Bellow, When Their Mangers Are Full
If anything, Lukashenka would have to run away to Poland or somewhere else.
Instead, they were promised that if they agreed to the EU-Ukraine Association Agreement, that this did not guarantee EU membership to Ukraine:
But seriously, there was time where I watched a lot of American films and decided to ask school for lockers as well but nothing came out of it ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
> Sri Lanka
[Old New Year] is also a thing
We ironically call Russians "dear brothers" (*bratushki*) or "mouse brothers" (*myshe-bratiya*) which is similar in sound with the phrase "but we're brothers" (*my zhe bratiya)* that they like to repeat while twisting their knife in our territorial integrity
I take it you don't know much about on the ground situation in the region.
(Shift of focus to Pacific, sanctions on Russia etc).
Commies kinda suck at making people like them
same
who said anything about glorification lmao
Genitive: Mariyi Petrivny, Danyla Petrovycha
They definitely can\`t do any harm to anyone except themselves
Onion and bow (for archery) are both "лук" (look)
I'm fluent in Russian, but I'm somehow not willing to support Putin because of his actions against my homeland Ukraine.
it will probably go down the same way as Ukraine, except Russia will be on the other side.
The attacker survived and is now in hospital.
Ukrainian keeps the /l/ before vowels, as in jšla, so it does not have the actual 'švakanje' to be precise.
Ukraine in 17th century
Thank you for the educational part Haaretz, but is it related to the incident
Yeah, all neighboring nations are involved in conflicts with each other.
We have a saying which we sometimes say to our visitors:
Same for surnames
* **Ukrainian Literature**, where we study Ukrainian classic literature as well as the literature of the XX century; I believe, modern students also study Ukrainian writers of the XXI century in their curriculum;
Ukraine, France, and Spain all look smaller than Sweden on a Mercator projection.
It's just a matter of their state's policy.
I may be wrong ofc, just wondering
Ukraine: War crimes committed by members of SS-division Halychyna and UPA
That's the secret behind living in much colder climates - low humidity
Just as in some other Slavic languages.
Did it become less authoritarian
Like, what do you need a free press for, if (if
I was physically there, as a tourist though, not as an active protester, but still I never ever heard any anti-western speech there.
But it was training "DNR rebels" 3 years before maydan.
In the admittedly unlikely event that Russia actually decides to take shit seriously (like with Tanks), artillery isn't going to do shit.
My family lives deep in southwestern Ukraine.
Yup hahaha
Gorky Central Park is in Russia, not Ukraine.
George Orwell square in Barcelona
Its GDP (PPP) per capita is nearly on the level of Pakistan.
Meanwhile, we aren't imperialist at all and, for example, don't try to make Poles accept Ukrainian as a second official language since there're millions of Ukrainians in Poland
You read about the part where the people they caught are alleged to work for Russia (and they say they have good evidence of it), right
Nevertheless, let's be real: currently possible competitors look much worse.
I don't think we will ever stop eating it
Or what doesn't it include (solving Ukraine crisis)?
In the traditional Ukrainian cuisine, there are *varenyky*:
It's not like they will be affected by this.
Moldavia got shit on like a German specialty porn actress.
I have mixed feelings about the idea.
But I feel like the french very much so popularized them.
We were trying to head towards the railroad, but in a forest like this, the sound travels weirdly
As for subject that don't exist in Ukraine, I'd say, it's religion
Russia didn't officially invade anyone, it's just supporting Ukraines 'rebels', Serbs also don't recognise Crimea as Russian, they recognise it as Ukrainian, same with Ukraine AND Russia recognising Kosovo as Serbian.
There is just no way of that happening.
They do have military base already on territory
I don't think the Ukraine-referendum is very important, but the popularity of Geert Wilders is a serious problem.
Every Soviet apologist in this thread conveniently omits the [secret part of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact] and the Soviet-German plans for didvinding the Europe (which came to fruition in 1940)
So let's do not tolerate "Здравуствуйте, товарищи" as well, and so on, and forth
It sounds like someone is putting themselves in a position superior to her, and not in a respectful way
And Croatia has pretty squares (quadrat=square)
I also stand to personally gain from this Ukraine situation somewhat.
Aaaand it's tagged
>Carmine color also known as Imperial and Latvian red
* [Golden] - apparently, called Golden Delicious, but here they're known as just Golden
And furthermore most Latvians probably dislike all those things that the new Ukrainian government dislikes as well.
Electional system is outdated and unfair
Since when do they have a monopoly over the region's name ?
Alien invasion
At, like, 5-6 years
Will Russian and English be enough to communicate with people, or should I learn some Ukrainian?
And most of all it's right there - it's Romania's fin
if the case really is so blatant as the article says
> So either the Russian military is criminally incompetent, or the Russian government is a bunch of neo-imperialists and liars
Our autonomous region, the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, is temporarily occupied by Russian Federation
The wanted Ukraine to take Donbass back, rebuild it and decentralize, so that their pawns can veto anything they don't like.
* there isn't any state registry of pet owners, legally no one knows when you get(or get rid of) one
By definition fake is forged, counterfeit or not genuine.
Besides, all that poppy in pastry has to be cultivated somewhere
Yeah, I'm bilingual, like everybody else, but have tried to speak both languages instead of having one dominant (Russian) and the other one sounding too artificial/formal since it was the language of my education (Ukrainian)
The very next day his boss will say something about Putin being able to own Estonia or that Ukraine should reunite with Russia.
And inside it is just more filthy rich than outside, museum of corruption if you want
I do get the historical reference, being a Ukrainian in Hungary, but Lviv itself was more Austrian than Hungarian, if we're continuing said reference
What does it mean
Russia has used the same strategy for Ukraine, there's no reason to try to prove people like you wrong, there's no point
They do interviews with civilians from the western side of the conflict who claim indiscriminate shelling by the Pro-Russian forces and never even consider to give a voice to those who suffer just as much on the other side of the bloody line of skirmish.
And when Ukraine actually happened Obama refused to send direct military aid or heavy weapons systems to the crumbling Ukrainian army due to fears of "escalating" the conflict if the Russians do the same, despite them doing precisely that from day one.
Not trying to be rude, just actually curious
o\_O
Ukraine needs what Romania had, supervision and incentives to get better.
Yanukovich
Tyskie is one of many boring Polish beers.
But if the EU didn't back Finland in a war against Russia, it would be the end of the union and of the Eurozone.
That's why I'm asking about easement law.
There will suddenly appear to be a lot of "LOGIC" and "reasons" here if/after it happens.
when two persons on the streets of Berlin contradicted each other how to pay for the tram, we decided to walk and pay for parking :)
There's a clearly visible road SW of that point less than 1 mile away lol
If he were, Ukraine would've been a signing member of the Customs Union, which is Putin's pet project.
Sometimes
Ukraine is only slightly wealthier than India.
Nobody wants to see someone fumbling with their genitals or hear the sounds
My working theory is that the conflict in Syria became impossible to spin positively once the west stuck their heads in the sand.
I totally can understand those who don't want to be associated with "East Europe" but forcing the idea of "Central Europe" looks too artificial to me
As for Grandfather frost, I have always believed it to be a soviet invention, made during the times when the soviets pushed atheism down peoples throats.
(less every yest, but still) But you can't disregard those countries because those are still common direction of emigration.
The EU is trying to reduce Russia influence in the region and vice versa.
I used to watch my dad play them
I'm extremely disappointed at the building rising all over Ukraine.
Britain's navy keeps eye on Russia's 'ship of shame'
Ukraine's climate is continental, i.e. +25-33C in summer and 0C and below in winter
Russia is losing patience, and it's going to get pretty bad soon.
I like the same ones, but I find Ukraine's the most elegant and timeless.
Ukraine wouldn't give it even if there were no sanctions.
It was previously mentioned that he wants some short-term growth by relaxing financial industry regulations, i.e.
Hungary - Угорщина (Ugorshchyna)
Washington pushed far more strongly than Europe over that one.
But the eventual consequences of the Pereyaslav Council with Russia wasn't mentioned, as i remember
Ehehehe
Romania is one of our least mentioned neighbors, along with Hungary, Slovakia, and Moldova
Actually, Crimean people attempted to get independency from Ukraine much earlier trough referendums and other means, without success.
Actual Slavic names are:
* Restoring army capability
Australia and Oceania are 1
Trump, Brexit, preventing Ukraine and Georgia from joining NATO, luring NATO nations away, turning Turkey against the West, keeping Assad afloat, rise of populism, and focus on negativity of migrant crisis.
Recently, Zelenskyy came to power and he believes that with some concessions he could make a peace agreement and peacefully retake occupied land, but the opposition (including Poroshenko) state that we should have a deal with them, because they would probably trick us, take even more land, use poorly guarded borders to their advantage and many more, partly because we don't know the terms of that peace
Yep, didn't have time to form a country as Poland and Russia always fucked us over, then Germans came
Religious "freedom" is forcing 50% of human population living under rule of said religion to do idiotic things?
О = at (time)
You're using the entirety of Ukraine to give yourself leverage, whether by mistake or intent.
Nobody wants to keep the sanctions just for the sake of it.
Or maybe not and somebody leaked info about it.
Basically mostly every Ukrainian can understand, speak, and write in Russian freely
Report is not approved by Putin and ROSKOMPIDRNADZOR, so it's obviously not true.
Thank God that most people both in Ukraine and in Poland are not like this.
As a side note, old royal titles can get ridiculous
I guess Albania, Ukraine, ROM, FYROM, Montenegro, Serbia, Bosnia and company, Norway, and Switzerland, and Russia are not European.
You guys all just wait till Russia joins that competition
Only once policeman said "I didn't know we put color photos on passports now"
Makes sense since the Ukraine was we're most of the USSR's food came from in the first place.
You know who also was white man?
It's not called cooperation, it's exploitation.
Most important actor un fighting corruption is civic society .
I had read the Lord of the Rings long time ago in Russian and this name was tranlated like "Torbins". They just translated the meaning of the name and keep English-style surname
And yes there are for ex Lemky, which are also Rusyn
[Go_a - Рано-раненько]
Uncle told him - kay, let's go, talk in croatian, just slowly
_And the hotel's the real graveyard_
England, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Croatia, Bosnia, Austria, Slovakia, Slovenia, Denmark, Sweden, Poland, Holland, Hungary, Greece (Corfu), Cyprus, Ukraine, Russia, Vatican City (although I hate the concept of micronations), Portugal and Czechia.
Greece, seem to not care much about NATO either way.
Drawing the conclusion that weapons are useless and "every gun is a theft from those who hunger" is idiotic because people in Donbass are the ones who suffer of hunger, if Ukraine had a credible army that kind of shit would not have happened.
For me, raw meat is a no-no (that includes any meat - mammals, birds, fish
Arkane also has that cool ass return to ravenholm game
Why would you mix wine with mineral water
russians today know that attacking and annexing Georgia, Ukraine or Checnya is wrong.
Our tallest building is only about 160 meters, with 200 meter one under construction.
I'll say that green are more popular, usually, I see black olives only on pizza
As an American I can say that I have every reason to believe that Trump will remove sanctions on Russia as soon as he feels it is in his interest to do so and when it will give him the least backlash.
Not really unless the culture there changes dramatically, Russians appear to like hardman leaders (look how they still lionise the despicable Stalin) and they seem to willing to overlook, ignore or excuse all sorts of evil if it fits the "Russia Strong" narrative.
The whole of the USSR was affected.
No Russia in here besides Ukraine?
The Crimeans wanted to be a part of Russia and they got it.
You can spot a former USSR nostalgic when he calls anyone not agreeing with them ''fascists'' or ''nazis''.That was one of the most basic indoctrination the soviets were making.
Failed state index: [2009] [2016] Scoll [down] for the list, Russia, Israel, And Turkey are closer to being failed states.
I will make a few parts depending on the degree of notoriety
> Kazakh is Russian cant-readian-but-can't-understanian
In Ukraine the first floor is the one at street level
I mean, a translator chooses how to translate, but look how every option influences the mood while in the English sentence it's all at once unless something else is added/specified
So the referendum might not have been that much rigged.
I mean
They're instigating an ongoing conflict to keep Ukraine out of NATO and the EU.
Also, I hear a lot of people claiming that the coup in Ukraine was a CIA op but I never see a source that isn't some conspiracy theory drivel or literal Russian state-run media.
Croatia and Slovenia could join, but I don't see Ukraine, with its war and other problems
Also the lack of democracy in the EU
[Just look at him go] He's a former martial artist and a present-day criminal
I like to tell both local and foreigners the fascinating tale of how the Prince of Kyiv basically had relatives on both sides of the Battle of Stamford Bridge
Many people there hide their orientation.
So the Ukraine row because of election as well?
The only country who *wants* to be Eastern European is Kazakhstan...
They fled the country _mostly_ because of the possibility to be drafted, all of a sudden.
Usually, if it's for practical purposes, we announce the last name first, and when it's used in natural speech, the first name comes first
I am saying for myself that Russia isn't a threat.
5-1 euro/litre
The EU, being a trade organization primarily, is naturally pro economy and therefore pro trade-with-russia.
No, I access Europe through my visual memory, and Iceland + the Faroe Islands are often out of the picture, but I know they're there above Scotland
> 325€
Dimenhydrinate is marketed under many brand names: in the USA, Mexico and Serbia as Dramamine, in Ukraine as Driminate, in India and Canada as Gravol, in Iceland as Gravamin, in Russia and Croatia as Dramina, in South Africa and Germany as Vomex, in Australia and Austria as Vertirosan, in Brazil as Dramin, in Ecuador as Anautin, in Hungary as Daedalon, in Sweden as Calma or Arlevert, in Indonesia as Antimo, in Italy as Xamamina, in Peru as Gravicoll, in Poland and Slovakia as Aviomarin, in Portugal as Viabom, in Spain as Biodramina, in Thailand as ไดเมนนีน (Daimenin), and in Pakistan as Gravinate.
He literally says there are no Russian soldiers and month later he says the soldiers have always been there.
**An excerpt**:
You would have thought Russia got enough real war experience in Eastern Ukraine.
You mean incidents such as a plane full of Dutch people being shot down over, say, Ukraine?
agreeing not go forward with missile defense in Romania and Poland in exchange for a joint military effort against ISIS in Syria.”
They were Russian from the times of the Russian Empire of the 19th century, what are you talking about?
Minsk agreement wouldn't be needed if Russia stayed at it's own borders.
Why isn’t Ireland not as successful in brining Gaelic back
We dont even know what Trump thinks of NATO, or more specifically, its eastern flank and the dangers of Russia.
The problem is the corrupt Ukrainian political system (both the government and the opposition btw).
"Dear Ukraine, we really love your little peninsula there.
> are okay with their government murdering 298 people
It'd be wiser to impose sanctions and lose a bit money than spend millions on defense and suffer casualties, don't you think?
protest netherlands by stabbing oranges
The only country in Europe scoring higher than the USA on the Crime Index is Ukraine.
We could all see where this was heading.
So is Ukraine a Western style utopia yet?
However, they're quite different
Ireland's [azure blue] + [yellow]
It's incredible
Holy sh*t, that actually looks like interesting comics.
But any Russian liberal, or Russian turns in to Imperial when topic of Ukraine comes up
But Syria will be solved sooner rather than later.
I'm sorry, but Ukraine will be probably (and Baltics maybe) sold, for russian support against China.
UPA fought Poland, Germans and Soviets, and was active 10 years after World War 2 end.
However this is Ukrainian territory and Ukrainian Army defending Ukraine.
Written, Bulgarian looks literally like Russian written with a bunch of mistakes
That they are literally Stalin
Only for two hundred years communist made it part of Russia - then get it back - because noone did not want to invest in it
> USSR exists
Second is russia ally state and can be used by Russia
Ukraine is just helping russians kill their own people, for the sake of the country.
Restaraunts are for eating
And I still think there'll be customs offices on either end of that bridge in my lifetime.
Russia should thank you for so arrogantly driving up sanctions that have now liberated Russia from your influence.
Don't you have stereotype about rich dudes
Ukraine to nationalize its biggest lender, PrivatBank
What if not
IIRC, much worse in terms of immediate health impact.
How about those in Ukraine who are dying in the East - no one finds that genuinely shameful in the West.
Then they invaded Georgia, and we tried to ignore that because maybe being friendly shows the that peace is the way to go forward.
b) no problem
I Witnessed Presidential Corruption.
It is estimated that Russians make up the bulk of the fighters in Eastern Ukraine and that less and less people are volunteering their services to the rebels.
and a bit tired Mercedeses
Why is everyone here always so ready to see Russia as the big bad boogy man?
Poland didn't accept Ukraine immigrants for humanitarianism.
Probably never, because they can't.
1/3 is a bit of an overestimation.
You're telling me there are no special Russian forces in E.
He knows an ''alternative history'' that was carefully cultivated during soviet times, ignoring facts and substituting them with complete propaganda bullshit.
You can be ethnically Russian and still identify Ukraine as your motherland.
Any country east of France, except Russia I guess, will tell you they are either Central Europe, Northern Europe or Southern Europe.
Well, I would argue that I have listed solely events
Public transportation in Ukraine is shit
TBH, there are a lot of shitty food places near Vatican, the only difference is they are not cheap.
People see their military "protecting" them, they are pleased.
Now, I prefer simple borsch with smetana
**Sviatoslav the Brave** (ruler of Kievan Rus)
The exact same situation happens in Ukraine every time after elections
Because Ukraine won't give Russia territories just to feed Putins delusions of grandeur and where would he even stop then?
You cant realy choose to wait just because someone have election in some country.
Well the isolationist point I made was more about supporting my "we need to pick sides" point.
Other people might be familiar with more states and where they're on the map
That explains your attitude towards Ukraine.
Ukraine/Crimea was just another on a already long list of victims.
One of those things wouldn't get absolutely destroyed by neutron bombardment.
Serbia or Belarus or Ukraine or Moldova or Luxembourg or Vatican or Monaco or Bosnia
Syria is a mess with or without Aleppo and Georgia is out of their influence zone.
Supporting the integrity of Ukraine against Russia, of course.
(and there fucking ads in the middle of songs sometimes)
Second Latvians speakers doesn't really know much about Ukraine nor share universal/strong opinions unlike, presumably, Russian speakers.
The opening of this office coincided with land grabs with loans from the IMF and World Bank to one of the world’s most hated corporations – all in support of their biotech takeover.
[KHAYAT - OSOKA]
Many people talk about Russia's intervention in Syria and the media is criticizing it in general, even though they are officially allied with the Syrian state, but not much is heard at all when they invade a non-allied country with military vehicles and weapons.
Man, they surely posed a threat to independent Ukraine.
Enough that they can contain Russia.
GTA 6: Brat
I've got no idea who the sides of the conflict were(apart from "Serbs dislike Croats and Bosniaks and it's mutual") and why where they fighting in the first place apart from partitioning Yugoslavia
He was a historian afterall, and that's more than either of us can claim to be.
But the full-on switch from one code to another is, apparently, too much
Testifying details of Maidan-2014 bloodshed.
Also, how did it broke the law that, when people were basically toring their way out of Ukraine, that Orban called Austria and Germany basically saying "Hey, sorry, a couple of hundret of thousand people are on the way, just want to give you a headstart" and Merkel just announced she would take these people in that just came from Ukraine, only that her message was spreaded cut short and sometimes deliberatly altered to make it sound like she invites the world?
And I don't think they want to return to it.
An Associated Press investigation in 2015 detailed how billionaire Renat Akhmetov, one of Ukraine's richest men, operates factories and coal mines on both sides of the front line, powering the country's economy and pouring hundreds of millions in taxes into government coffers.
Just a fraction of the separatist movements.
But that's not what happened at the beginning.
Well brexit and Dutch referendum on Ukraine kinda shows that we are not immune to populist and in the matter of fact some could argue that we are more vulnerable than US
Crimean Tatar language is official in Crimea now.
Can pro-EU politician fuck up hard enough to make Russia popular again?
And it seems that Ukraine has a [much less Nazi problem] than many other countries including Russia
No, we only have dumplings with meat (it's a traditional dish), and I've never seen fruit-filled dumplings in any vegetarian cafes here either
In post soviet state . porns sometimes are referred as  "German movies"
But perhaps UK should make a gas deal with your beloved Ukraine, to get a taste of dealing with them.
Cursive (connected letters) from the first grade
The German riot police stomps the fuck from people that even remotely try to act violent during the protests.
For example Ukraine has no geopolitical meaning?
Meaning you can buy even more, should it be a fishy middle eastern-looking guy at a kebab stall
Does that imply Hungary(well, its population) is 2,4 times wealthier than Romania (its population) ?
Russia doesn't have anything to gain from it and doing that would just be a huge strain on its struggling economy.
It's absurd what Russia is claiming already, but they always fucking need more.
This is the default and expected position.
Wow
Life here is not so boring, that we must discuss news from our neighbors
Fucking communists
They saw in that show that he will be "against everything bad, for everything good".
For many citizens Russian is first language
Pole born in Belarus write books and poems where refer to beauty and life in Lithuania and Ukraine...
Russia can't even provide enough food for it's entire population on it's own, and has very little industry outside of mineral extraction and natural resources, which are already held and operated by the oligarchs under what would clearly be called a fascist control scheme.
And let me tell you, Belarus is fucking *clean* in every sense — you won't see a drunk on the street, everything is spotless, no 'graphic pollution' like ads on the streets, kebab spots and shitty coffee-trucks (it's porbably hard to explain to a European, so you can just [look] at how Kiev is today
Only the Ultra religious
So how well you learnt English with it
I live in Dnipro, and we had snow only for one week in January
Russian GRU officer Girkin was also "uprising" against ukrainian government?
Just, to the guy saying Putin should get out of Syria and Ukraine: he's in Syria on invitation of Assad, while the americans, french, english, saudi, qatari, israeli, turks, and others were not invited to intervene.
T-55 have never been spotted in Ukraine.
The complete «Eneyida» was published after Kotlyarevsky's death in 1842
If you weren't poor, you'd build another wing to your house with an inside toilet and shower, but it would cost more than your tiny walnut shell of a house
**Taras Shevchenko** (best known Ukrainian poet, also an important political figure, lived in the 19th century)
Coud be greeks too, leart about their colonies in the northern Black sea and about Byzantium
Next day after clock changes there's spike in suicides, and DST also creates unnecessary confusion
Yes as we all know Ukraine has no money at all, I heard they started using seashells as currency now.
That's said close to the blessing hand
Belarus will continue to be a Russian puppet
I've recently discovered her for myself and just in awe on the music quality (lives on youtube preferred)
That article says "Baltic's," but my understanding is that he was questioning if it would be worth defending Ukraine.
Now you know there is no privacy in Ukraine :}
* e-gov services development (neeed an improvement though)
Send in an international military coalition to kick out so-called "rebels" in cooperation with Ukrainian military
You bet your ass Putin is working on his plan to take over Ukraine next, and then the entire Baltic states in the name of protecting Russian minorities.
Not only those who fight on the frontlines do things for their country.
The main goal is to understand the defining characteristics of different periods and the social/historical/political/philosophical/scientific basis for them to emerge
Ukraine, Norway, Italy, Croatia looks great
E.g., grandma always had a few rows of poppies next to corn, sunflowers, and squashes, but she stopped cultivating it not to tempt the thieves
However, we clearly understand it's a conservative shithole with outdated Soviet infrastructure and with mainly pro-Russian inhabitants, so integrating it with Ukraine will be challenging
I have many relatives in Ukraine and Russia so i very much know what is really going on there and before this conflict started i frequently watched russia today.
Older men -- probably 1 in 2 had some experience when they were drafted or if they hunt for a hobby, but the latter is rather rare.
Yes, we had such a time in europe - after the fall of the Soviet Union.
As Peskov said just yesterday: "Source of russophobia in Baltic states is foreign influence".
[...]
The only way we could avoid that would be to beg someone to invade us before them.
They were just as much immigrants as Russian soldiers in Ukraine are on vacation.
Writing a word after hearing it is not a sure thing, but mostly you can do it too
In France, it is unlawful to post such things *without prior warning*.
It’s the only one pre-indoeuropean language of Europe alive
No, I read as usual and sometimes come back to an interesting thread and sort by new replies
Also many of our folk songs or marches are about fighting Polish, Russians or Bolsheviks (Even older version of national anthem had lyrics about borders from River Sian to River Don, which are in Poland and Russia respectively at the moment)
So, with that in mind, tell me again why do you need a free press or elections
Trust me
At least kopeyka coins are always shiny!
Yesterday it was almost the opposite
Lviv definetly worth a visit, especially if you are into good food/good alcohol type of tourism
Wouldn't recommend it in general
Instead of political discussions, I got two weeks of some of the best vacation I'd had in years, going to national parks with my cousins, and seeing something new every day.
Done deal, will never ever change, move on.
ah, so that's the real reason why workers push for 4-day work week
People need to view Ukraine like France sees Germany Today.
Great Lithuanian Principality in Belarusian.
I am from Transcarpathian region and kinda want hungarian citizenship, I know for a fact that my great grandfather was born in Hungarian Kingdom but he was not hungarian, do I have any chances
EU,chocolate,Hercule Poirot,always without government
What does it want from Ukraine or Georgia?
Well, there is no clear and universally accepted definition of what counts as terrorism.
They don't work because they always will be less efficient than existing solar panels
This conflict is bad all around, but there is no excuse to publish fake stories to further some unknown political agenda in a country where politicians fist fight to settle differences.
US Embassy to Ukraine expresses concern about occupied Donbas blockade, advises establishing transparent movement of legitimate goods
UPD
Is it still a thing in Russia
The only reason to visit in my opinion is if you really wanna party
You can see it much closer with Ukraine
Of course, those countries are the worst of the worst when it comes to Eastern Europe.
But you guys were included in G7 -> G8, there was the Nato-Russia council, the council of Europe, the European court of Justice, the nuclear treaties...
What Russia is doing is unacceptable and it puts the defense of NATO Baltic countries at risk.
* Pochilit' - to relax, chill, spend time
Some European consulates here couldn't be arsed to setup a payment processing facility via their MFA and demand exact amount (€35) in cash.
That is correct, the Russians set up a bait and Ukraine fell for it.
That's not even really xeno
Ukraine also needs it, but I feel like they need to cut off Donbas and Crimea first.
They went to war over imaginary nukes in Iraq or to protect Kuwait or to track down Usama but Europe was left to have its allies (Ukraine, Georgia,...) invaded without help from the US.
Ukrainian Cyrillic transliterates H as **Г**. But don't confuse it with **Г** in other languages that also use Cyrillic
However, depicting the sun as a male person isn't common in popular culture
Why would anyone care about international law when it is violated *openly*?
Because of the way it was conducted; because it's illegal under Ukrainian and Autonomous Republic of Crimea's law; because there's no independently verified result (*please* don't point to "euroskeptic" politicians that arrived to rubberstamp it); because the referendum gave no option to preserve status quo.
Just randomly pick one, chances are he/she will do better then Poroshenko.
As war in Moldova showed, that can be enough
The UK only about 20% and they are 3rd.
Period
Why Ukraine’s Eurovision song contest is in crisis
Russian interference in Ukraine.
what part of my comment you disagree with?
In early 2000's there were more or less independend channels, and one by one they all falled under kremlin's control.
Why is it being downvoted
The Italian movie reminds me of these, unlike the Disney animation
I don't even know what those poor people call it in summer
Sorry, what
This may be just a hunch but this list is going to keep growing
As for Kosovo, I think it is a wise stance
Also, teachers are addressed by their Name+Patronymic without exception
Total submission to Russian hegemony.
How interesting, never knew that and didn't expect that we would in some way mentioned there xD
my condolences though
Russia has been caught pants down shelling civilians in Russian-occupied areas only to blame Ukraine time and time again.
And all this wasn't even meant to be in our language initially because we just apply our rules to foreign words by doing that
Man no wonder the world is going to shit.
The best ones are surprisingly near Mariupol in the East
Russia came in at a very oportune time.
Nah once every two months or some.
The police literally found him later calling to his hostel and returned the camera - someone picked it up and brought to the police
Around 400 years ago, Ukraine's forest coverage was about 50% too
I am a 21 year old female planning on traveling to Europe in April 2015 (Scotland, England, France, Italy, Ukraine, Romania) and am a bit concerned.
Sanctions were for the invasion and the war in Ukraine.
they are okay with their government killing many more people than that, even not only foreigners
I think the real reason was general tiredness of Ukrainian people, polish-ukrainians forces was just another invasion since 1914 and nothing at that time was telling their would be the last.
**The sun** --> *"сонце/sontse"* neuter, depicted as a freckled child's face
> Chernukha is a slang term popularized in the late 1980s, used to describe a tendency toward unrelenting negativity and pessimism both in the arts and in the mass media
As a proper earworm, the song had covers, parodies, etc
Yeah yeah, because Ukraine can count on on the rest of the world to sing in ukrainian.
Over time, I adjust and sound a little less "slavic" to my own ear
And the thing is - unforunately, Kyrgystan has very little geopolitical significance so it's not like allies are lining up
Look at thing like W Bush's approval after 9/11, Putin's approval once Russia started getting sanctioned and denounced for their actions in Ukraine, or Tony Blair's approval jump after the London Bombing.
That includes military and civilians deaths.
How much public space we surrendered to farm fields and pastures; and to industries
It's completely different of.attacking a country in
Yes, a few people lump your people together with your government and that leads them to wish death on random Russians
I simply believe war propaganda is not agood way to gain information.
My point is that *even if* Russia was not in Ukraine, they would still be outraged, just as any powerful country would be if a direct competitor came into their neighbourhood.
Last year there was an interesting article here about how Ukrainian politicians were frustrated about the EU's carefulness in giving funds.
Well she promised that she would continue Obama international policy.
Yeah I'm more than willing to bet that those were built in the last 10 years.
Well after Ukraine Russia is again toxic for politicians, but no, there's no hysteria.
Why Putin adds to misery of Ukrainian people?
If it is Buzzfeed, Vice, Jezebel or any other trashbloid I'm going to call bullshit on the 'reported finding' and put it in the trashbin/propagandabin together with Putin's 'We're not involved in Eastern Ukraine', intelligence agencies' 'We need more abilities to be able to snoop in everyone's PC and Johnson's 'We can have access to the EU Single Market without paying extra or without allowing EU workers unrestricted'.
Don't you think this presented a danger to the West, and to Italian democracy
whats up with that cyprus
* **duck**: smell funky when raw, but really amazing slow-roasted
Vestas to ship 41 MW of wind turbines to Ukraine
Can't say since I refused Russian-language content after 2014
Those who relied on Russia (metallurgy or heavy industry) suffered but Russia made many of those regions unlivable anyway
The first is much smaller, yet for a typical human brain it would seem bigger
So not only anti-EU people voted NO.
The eastern half of NATO has been stepping up in recent years in light of Ukraine and the Western half has learned about its stockpile mistakes from 2011 Libya.
I tend to make eye contact often :/
That's complete and utter bullshit.
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I can't just sit and wait here"
**Pelmeni** is a sturdy, calorific food
What threat is present besides Russia?
Alternatively, you can cross border from Ukraine to Donetsk region - but you need to obtain a special permit by registering on a website, and believe me, as a foreigner, you will need a really valid reason to allow you to enter Donetsk
Corruption and ignorance of most part of people to an active conflict with Russia in eastern part of country
Surzyk is about is about occasionally using a Russian word in a sentence that's mostly in Ukrainian.
Even though you don't have a war in your country, more people die from gun violence every year in the US than in the east of Ukraine (10200+(civillians included) for Donbass war since 2014, compare that to US annual gun homicide statistics)
The whole country is agains them.
* The city doesn't have to unite architecture style, so, for example, old houses in baroque style can  coexist with a house in style "Architectors nightmare "
They are about as good as CNN in telling the opposition's side of the story.
He hit the foam where eyes could see
All those deserts aint got shit on kutia.
So by your logic, Libyan war is entirely on NATO because Libyans wouldn't stand a chance without NATO airforce obliterating government forces.
They would be staying illegally.
He can play with EU to some point, but breaking with Putin would put him under Russian and his own people total pressure.
Ask your grandparents about it.
But that mostly of the old generation, while millennials and younger think of funny language and high quality of life in Germany or huge german multinational companies
too much soviet people here, raising their children soviet-style.
Will the Ukraine fascists ever end?
I know, you're gonna say whataboutism, but im not saying Russia is justified, im saying you're being on a high horse and glossing over what we/you are doing, to focus on Russia.
The British Mandate wasn't, and nor is the West Bank today.
Belarus actually helps Ukraine (while not distancing itself from Russia openly).
But my friends (also fully bilingual people) protested when I tried to speak Ukrainian to them because they were weirded out by the personality shift
Reminds me of the massive draft evasion among the urban population in RuFed during the first half of '90s (because of the 1st Chechen war).
I'll go to one of the 24 hour supermarkets
Eastern Europe can get majestically screwed (lol look at Ukraine) if Putin (maybe Erdogan will join too) decides that he want to protect russian minorities.
BOL
No, but since 2014, many bilingual people that used to speak Russian for convenience are now speaking Ukrainian and try to teach the kids to speak it as the language of choice
Same goes for most of people here
Such claims haven't even been made by the most fucked up propaganda outlets in Russia nor their proxy republics in Ukraine.
At school they wouldn't expect an answer if I used British English, one time in an English exam I wrote
It's not like there is a lot left.
Scandinavian vibes
As KGB ideology said: "To spite capitalists we will fan world fire"
In countries like Armenia, Georgia and Kazakhstan English is gaining ground fast, of course, but it mostly means that younger generation is getting more proficient in three languages rather than two.
Although, the way you phrased it, men urinating *in public* are perceived as deplorable
• 1991 -
You must be crazy to base your opinion about what Donbass people want on this joke of a referendum.
We're not really allowed into places other than the republics anyway, but the same small republic Adygea is now being settled by ethnic Russian from Ukraine with government helping them in any way while Circassian are not able go further than some dozens still when it's about the same small republic.
They build quite a few things, more notably a catholic cathedral, and orthodox one, winter palace, and most notably Alexandria (which used to be their actuall estate) which is a huge and awesome park today
poppy even gave name to piece of cutlery, [макогін]
Serbia is a long standing Russian ally (I actually dont blame them).
Especially since most users are from western Europe and all.
> MOUNTAINGERMANS
Ukraine prefers U.S and Russia.
Nice, did you just deny the Russian presence in Ukraine ?
The separatists only control a small part in the East, which leaves plenty of room for internal refugees.
I talk about far-rights march
This is a good move to counter Russia since putin can't be trusted.
Also, fundamentals of law (правознавство) or astronomy (астрономія) which is like physics, but in space
The above is for the near neighbors, Ukrainians, Baltics, Poland etc
[Just as reminder to europe]  **highly NSFW** (blood and death)
I don't know how else to explain
I mostly blame US politicians for selling the Ukranians a bill of goods but Ukraine should have really known better given the enemy they're fighting
Same ideas, same accusations, same mythology.
>It was supposed to be 'We're profoundly shaken by the death of Stalin
What Polish neo-nazis have against Ukraine?
oldest in Britain
The center and tourist spots may be relatively safe, but everything further from it, especially, sleeping blocks aren't 100% safe, and find troubles for your fifth spot may be very easy
No, my point was that the blame for the hardships the people in the Ukraine go through and which are even caused by ukrainian military, lasts squarly on russian shoulders, because Russia is enabling this conflict to happen in the first place.
retains some sort of unwritten claims on plum parts of Ukraine, one might ask where the real line is, and how easily it might shift
Look at Cuba which is still being punished by US (embargo + occupation of Guantanamo) to this date for taking a sovereign decision to ally with USSR...
But I guess the East of Poland isn't exactly pro-Russian?
Nazi has so much connection to Bandera, as Piłsudski
An armed population is very hard to oppress.
You're right, that's a thing about our historiography, in many cases for us Ukraine = Kyiv so when Kyiv stopped being part of Rzeczpospolita in our mind Ukraine stopped being part of Rzeczpospolita too
Locals tolerate separatist and green men among them and serve as a shield pretty much, denying a chance to strike.
After that, you visit nearest state office.
or Ало? / Allo
I wouldn't be surprised if that was part of the idea (blame war on west/poroshenko, cause an actual civil war and mass protests to get another pro-Russian president and parliament).
'what happened' referred to my comment above about Ukraine, and admittedly is rather nonsensical out of context.
So far Tenerife is my favourite, especially because of the contrast of beach-mountains and the different vegetation zones.
I know it's hard for Russians not insulting people for their jokes but can you try to do it sometimes
Ah yes, priest blessing the hospital, so catholics can praise god (and not the doctor) when a doctor with 50 years of experience treats your cancer
how dare they trying to resist and throw rocks and maybe aiming with guns too
Pros:
agreeing to the elimination of Western sanctions against Russia over Ukraine, and the U.S.
There are very few random 15 year olds who can spend millions on a propaganda networks like Russia does and this is where these Russian fake news end up.
Actually charging us to enter the EU but not Ukraine?!
When gypsies migrated from northern india to Europe they settled in Romania.
Seems like Ukraine alone could feed Europe .
And if reality does not fit in it (which happens all the time), they create their own, absolutly fake reality.
Then the Americans rig the 1996 election, threaten Russians during Kosovo, later then to bomb the roki tunnel during the Russo-Georgian war, attempt to expand NATO up yo Ukraine and support the funding of a colour revolution and try to over throw a Russian ally and client in Syria.
Maybe they'd understand if they first reflected on their own efforts in Ukraine
Ukraine Is Silently Leading A Digital Currency Revolution - Forbes
Hundreds of kilometers of city buildings.
Their horses learned to swim
Dragon is "дракон/drakon", a more common name
There was no US involvement in either.
News articles: Europe vs USA
I used to live in a small military town, and we had roe deer, hares, and boars
Didn’t expect that
Why surround the water with a fence
And since Ukraine does not have the power and Russia will it's up to next person.
It would be a disgrace to them to ever forget that.
Of course, it is
they never consider how much we would have to give away.
That's bullshit and you know it
Tricky question for a Ukrainian
You might also learn something about what Nazis did and why it is not a fucking hill you want to die on
Mountains meet beaches, not as far away from me as Mediterranean and not as hot
There was no such thing as Ukraine when partitions of PLC happened.
With extra time you could include Oradea and Timisoara in Romania, going Cluj - Oradea - Timisoara - Hunedoara - Sibiu.
Not being able to travel, having no money, having no fucking toilet paper.
Russia needs to actively assist the reintegration of that region into Ukraine, as well as help rebuild destroyed infrastructure.
Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev
Now it is being reinvented in a multitude of styles, is definitely a hip thing to do, as other aspects of the cultural revival that slowly started with the 2004 revolution and really took off after 2014, with some of the performers going international, something absolutely unimaginable back in the 90's. So to answer your question, yes, definitely
Even Ukraine trades with Russia
Essentially, you use them as a borrowed truck
The Netherlands never held a referendum against any nation joining the EU.
Also, there's a Pakistani (?) animation about a [donkey king] The main character, apparently, turned out to be an unintentional parody of Zelenskyi
What does that "reduction of animosity" and "increased cooperation" include in your opinion?
Maybe Ukraine together with Belarus can one day help to re-create [The Grand Duchy of Lithuania] and thus get European passports(+ protection against the eastern foes) and allow [The Republic of Crimea] to stay as a protectorate of [the Roman empire]
What's an EEan
Notice that they had an extra question about "Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine" in their ballot and that got 81.7% Yes.
The culture is so unknown to me, and I have a particular interest in visiting (as a tourist) to better my understanding of the people, the climate and the politics of the region (without active involvement of course).
, but still, it adds to the precision of the description (what kind of man) rather than to your own attitude as the speaker (do I think the man is strong, healthy, average, vile, filthy, etc)
She was absolutely happy to go there since the camp has a childrens' club sort of thing in the city where she's a regular so she knew a lot of people from there already
We are sanction Russia for 2 years and for the most part, the conflict in Eastern Ukraine is quiet.
The Cold War is the Iron Curtain, Cuban Missile Crisis, Arms race, the Korean War, the Vietnam War.
Norwegian is beautiful in a way something you see every day, have gotten used to it and still consider beautiful
It's basically cosplay/LARP, really.
Who cares
Sorry, this is my shitty English
Yes, the city of Avdiivka is in a bad position and people are suffering because Ukrainian authorities were slow to react.
There is no difference if we tell "Oh, Joe Biden's son is using illegal schemes for earning money in Ukraine" or "that orange man, Trump, used his power to get support from foreign country in future elections". It will be fun both ways
I thought I heard almost exclusively 'Spasiba' or 'Spasibi'.
They saw in that show that he will be "against everything bad, for everything good".
The de facto border shows Crimea as Russian, for the world it's just a matter of acknowledging it.
I really don't think that Russia gave up on Ukraine.
Money was released on Aug 14th (and promptly vanished), technical default was declared on Aug 17th.
The party behind the Ukraine referendum (FvD - Forum for democracy) is running for elections, and a spin-off of the PVV with 2 former PVV members (VNL - for Netherlands) is running too.
Ukraine insists the separatists are bombing themselves.
* Last but not least, sweet varenyky filled with seasonal fruits: cherry, red/black currant, plums/apricots, etc
But no, those 2 percents of profit are too darling for the EU elites and the Germans are too scared of nuclear energy to do anything
It's really strange when Turkey is included but Ukraine isn't.
Perhaps, comparing apples and oranges makes no sense at all.
Why is Hungary not coloured on the map?
Around 400 years ago, Ukraine's forest coverage was about 50% too
I agree, but what extra security is extending the border a bit into Ukraine going to give them?
and how does this goes with le pen?
This language sounds as difficult as Hungarian
Probably worse, because nationalism in Belarus is much weaker and russification more advanced then in Ukraine.
You have to remember, true pro-democracy opposition in Belarus has been locked up for years at this point
no /r/TIGHTPUSSY ? shame
Do you view Piłsudski as a genocidal barbarian dictator or as a national hero who saved Poland
They were committing crimes against their own people.
So as we can we are still behind biggest european economies, but we are the fastest growing economy in region.
Aren't tortures violation of human rights?
I've seen various people say differently, that they would be there all while there was conflict in Ukraine.
Apparently, a loanword from Ukrainian :)
At the very least they need to come to an agreement with Ukraine and show the rest of Europe they can be good neighbours for a couple of years.
Informally and poetically we call a crescent "a moon sickle" or "a young sickle" if it's a growing crescent
It feels almost like Ukraine is sacrificed so that relations with Russia are not destroyed.
Overall, I reckon, if the Russians calm down with their imperialism a bit and the Serbs (and perhaps Hungarians) don't try restoring their respectful empires, the peace in Europe will be a very long-lasting phenomenon
The Forest Song". They've been cooking it for nearly 4 years now, with no palpable results aside for their [PR campaign] I'm still not sure about this project, we'll see
George Orwell square in Barcelona
We order the items with delivery
Yeah, it's highly profitable
I mean, Ukraine has a pretty legit reason to be anti-Russian.
Dumb people that are going to vote for her.
We do the in Ukrainian
Vast majority is another term though which can mean >80% for example.
Then  you anderstand that all you have to do is just sit on your chair from 9 am to 6 am and do nothing just pretend that you do something
And a lot of countries did nothing.
I\`m in college and im being told ancient shit instead of Computer Engineering
Also, Russian has many loanwords from Ukrainian which don't make sense next to other Russian words of different origins
So....EU should foot the bill for Ukraine then?
"*Вареники/varenyky*" that can have any filling and several types of dough
To enjoy
As much as i agree that Ukraine should have Crimea i would not call the Tartars as innocents.
Because Ukraine is neither in NATO or the EU.
There's even a part of a line in the city center
US is not perfect but it is preferably option by far and overall good.
Nope, those are, probably, the result of US Americans being encouraged to voice their opinions on any issue, even when those opinions are baseless
In Kropyvnytskyi there was a popular idea to rename it to "Zlatopil" (similar to Ternopil) which personally would make more sense, but Kropyvnytskyi is probably the most famous person from there, so it's alright
With no US around, we're back in the old game.
I mean, how you describe the complex things - "Ukraine happened", "Georgian war".
Russia will have veto power if Ukraine integrate Donbass back, not the opposite.
[Ukrainian flag] + their sweet [coat of arms]
counterproductive
* Restoring army capability
Though it doesn't have as many entertainments as Lviv, it's a nice place with a charming atmosphere (at least the last time I was there)
They have obviously targeted Ukraine.
We have Rav-Kav (meaning multi line )
So many hedgehogs in cities
That is a bad argument, in the U.S.
Our versions would be respectively Oleksander, Mychailo, Mycola, and Olexy
You need sources for Ukraine being filled with Nazis and being ruled by oligarchs?
There's few actual nationalists.
Also in most of the former USSR republics in Central Asia and the Caucasus Russian is by far the most spoken second language.
Even though anything else going global is literally Hitler
7 million population called Lukashenko "illegal president", while Russia with 146 million people and China with 1
Unless they're that kind of guests or really close friends that you've known for years, visitors aren't allowed to sneak around checking what's up
Ukrainian doesn't have the full dual form, but there are some words that are remnants of it
Are vikings now an ancient civilization?
Almost every person from Romania, Bulgaria, Belarus and Ukraine I've met thinks similary.
That is treason, in every sense of the word.
Well they did send us a note recently as our PM went to Ukraine and offered our experience with separatists.
But rarely outside
It's obvious that with the [referendum] results, the ruling government is now in trouble.
*muffled building walls across Ocean*
Sure, however Crimea is a particularly bad case because Russia annexed it.
Propaganda, threats and money work much better than niceties and good manners
Ah for fucks sake, give me a break
It usually happens when people try to make their sentences on their language first and then to translate it to English
What's the point of them invading Belarus, Baltic states?
I still think that these are two very different cases.
You failed and will continue failing in the future.
It looks nothing like it did then.
It reminds me of some books, where a hero is going against fate, so it's probably sounds a little clichéd but I like it
Idk, German for instance
Special Forces are for jumping out of helicopters and stuff like that, not your everyday warfare on an active front.
* Creepovuy - creepy, scary
' but because of the typo it's basically 'We're deeply ordered to announce Stalin's death
Even currently, it has no chance of becoming a truly western-style democracy
No, Ukraine is going to conquer China and Russia is just trying to stop them.
[The budapest memorandum doesn't contain anything about the USA protecting Ukraine, just to "Respect Belarusian, Kazakh and Ukrainian independence and sovereignty and the existing borders."]
Nope, fevral' is used only in the Russian language.
I think it's time to create horse scuba gear
* Bogdan (literally "the one given by God", which is a translation of the name Theodor, which, yet again, has local cognates Fedir (Ukrainian) and Fiodor (Russian)
Still visible from any high point, though
Farage opposed the sanctions, but wanted to bomb Iran instead which is just crazy.
Overall, Nordic men are the best looking.
I dunno but /r/The_Donald told me that its because Hillary wants to nuke Russia to kill Snowden.
The majority of pro Russian forces in Ukraine aren't Russian regulars.
There are also fascist/war criminals on the other side.
And I don't think you'll find a majority among the European populations to go to war over Crimea.
First, you hear the name of a (!) station mumbled through speakers
And guys who worked from 9 to 6 suddenly understood that their knowledge of how to do nothing is irrelevant in real world
"The recognition of travel documents of the self-declared, so-called people's republics of Lugansk and Donetsk undermines the unity of Ukraine," said Chancellor Angela Merkel's top spokesman Steffen Seibert.
It known as the rally around the flag effect.
Witnessed this behaviour myself from an employee at an airport(!), who yelled at two clueless Israeli guys in Ukrainian
But within the circle of colleagues it is not a taboo
Ukraine munitions blasts prompt mass evacuations
I appreciate your high standards
> the most important matter of the century
It's not a Islam/Turkey vs w/e debate..
the full name though: Австро-Угорська імперія (Avstro-Ugors`ka imperiya)
IMO, the lemon one is better than Sprite or 7UP, but in general, they're not too different from other similar sodas
> [read more]
Russia pretending not to be directly involved in Ukraine is among the most hypocritical and insolent things I have seen in my life.
I really doubt it, :P A lot of the countries formerly in the USSR aren't too friendly with em now, like Georgia, Ukraine and The baltic states like Estonia
Lynxes and bears are pretty rare in Ukraine and they usually prefer to hide or run, but boars are pretty wide-spread and they can attack you if they feel threatened
It has it's charm
The same right that gives EU and US politicians an ability to instigate coups, to invade other countries like Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya or Yugoslavia, or to proclaim independence of Kosovo.
Who invaded Eastern Ukraine and who annexed Crimea?
And you finally got Poltava, after all /s
Had Ukraine carried out the necessary minimal reforms, the visa-free travel would've been there.
Maybe in the future I will read lyrics to other nations anthems
Z93 was likely born somewhere in Ukraine or Russia.
It means he gets to control the Black Sea ports in a de facto nature while ensuring NATO won't get anywhere near Ukraine.
They are very often used in bakery
That's why the sanctions are split for 2 causes.
My mom suffered a forced famine, as in, government agents would come and take whatever they wanted and you could say nothing or get shot
Russia needs to actively assist the reintegration of that region into Ukraine, as well as help rebuild destroyed infrastructure.
My theory, keeping the same set of facial expressions for years influences your facial muscles
Russia
Put some wracked cars and smashed windows and it's done
Not to mention the annexation of Crimea.
Ironically thanks to the russian invasion Ukraine become very very pro-western and the pro-russian political groups lost almost any popular support.
On paper, poland has few asylum seekers from Ukraine (according to eurostat, they recieved 2,275 applications in 2014 and 2,295 applications in 2015 from ukrainian citizens).
Ukraine for sure (well before they lost Crimea)
That's said close to the blessing hand
So when we speak about Old Church Slavonic roots, they're borrowings which have become synonymus with the already existed words
France and Germany was always against NATO expansion in eastern Europe.
What else do you need in the 4th century
(Not saying that the Polish didn't do fucked up things to Ukrainians before this)
Ironically, economic costs, political costs, and destruction costs from this war cost Ukraine over $200 Billion US per year.
This was the case way before too.
Western Europe doesn't care about Ukraine
You can also use Uber for getting around in the city if you don't like dealing with cabbies.
It is easier to name all that is more expensive
Is it a propper frase in British English and just looks funny to non-native speakers
It seems Russia's the one sparking this issue, the US has **drastically** reduced the forces in Europe since the end of the cold war, we currently have 116,400 for the entire continent, compared to around 280,000 during the 1980s, that's less than half of the former force, Europe also has 742.5 million inhabitants, thats a ratio of 58 Personnel to 371 European inhabitants (Yes this is all of europe, but, it included members of European militaries as well, and countries not currently in the EU or NATO).
the problem is - Russia dont care about treaty or any sort of agreement if they need to
Keep telling yourself that mate.
♥ There'll be a place waiting for you in the EU if we can convince the Dutch.
However, I am planning to move to another western country once the opportunity arises
France has allies and interests beyond French borders.
There was no widespread secessionist movement before the invasion, and most seccessionist ideas were spreaded by russian military base
Not motherfucking "precedents".
To be fair, I can't say these songs are really popular
They know that they can't compete with other by standards of living, prosperity and freedom, so they come up with different types of bullshit
They threatened to send lethal armament to the Ukraine if the Russian-backed forces advance, as well as impose harsher sanctions.
Even when I read translated snippets of famous books that are originally in Ukrainian or Russian, I find the English translation more straight to the point, while the original is often very suffix-y and wordy; a lot of information comes from the author's tone
Never kept them outside fridge, as I always thought they would go bad faster if you store them in the room temperature
There was a lot of Ukrainians living on territories claimed by Poland.
That can only get them so far, it's not like Russia would just throw their hands up if it gets harder, they would just work to integrate Crimea faster.
We have a similar tradition in Ukraine
They even named it after themselves.
Of course it's most important to Ukraine itself, but don't pretend it won't affect Russia.
Meh, Latvia had a shitty situation back when it left the USSR as well - even inspiring stuff like the non-citizen laws.
Also your last sentence seems incomplete.
Ukraine isn't retarded, its a large country with 40 milion people, it cant be so easily overpowered
If you compare Ukrainian middle class (
There is no need for political dialog, and constitutional reform in Ukraine is complete irrelevant to the situation there.
What does that have to do with 2016 Ukraine?
Nor should be forgotten the price paid by Belarus, which lost 25% of its whole population, or Ukraine (16 %), or Latvia, Armenia and Lithuania (13 % each) etc etc.
I have similarly looking windows in the main room of my commie block apartment (very similar mechanism, pseudo wood finishing, three glass pieces for better insulation, and UV-reflective glazing) but mine are still much cheaper than the one in the video
> Donbass women and children who became invalids thanks to the Ukrainian army
Considering Trumps wanting friendship with Putin and wanting to warm relations with Russia and his earlier comments on NATO I think Ukraine will end up expecting just aid from the EU.
Russian wiki is terrible source of info as it's moderated by putinists.
Ukraine is the only country in the region without far right parties in the parliament and with Jewish prime minister.
* Svetlana (literally "she-light"; a translation of the Greek name Fotina);
The EU and NATO were too aggressive, from the POV of Russia, in expanding in the baltics and now in Ukraine.
The likes of BBC make a conscience decision not to report the opposition's views and give you only half the story, effectively lying to you about the nature of the conflict and allowing you to make your own conclusion with not enough facts.
large cities are indistinguishable from average European city (except abundance of ads I think)
Russia aligned - yes, they have "stability", but they slowly stagnate as for me
Propaganda, threats and money work much better than niceties and good manners
Out of the loop
It's not about what *I* want, it's what everyone wants.
I think you can gobble up most of the remaining countries without any problems, until you hit RU/BY/UA and Turkey.
This is not different then when they had to apply for a visa.
Wages in medium and high skilled, high value added jobs in the most industrialized parts of China now trail just slightly those of Romania, Bulgaria, Ukraine, etc.
Our MFA has rejected an appointed Russian ambassador, for precisely the reason you describe, they've learned of the appointment from Putin's speech and no preliminary agreement was reached, not to mention the candidate himself being a pretty horrible choice from Ukrainian POV (no previous diplomatic exp, deep ties with military etc).
As well as [Ivan Franko] but speaking exclusively of playwrights, I wouldn't really know.
Just because Ukraine is geographically between Poland and Russia doesn't not make it buffer, and Petlura was in power way before alliance with Poland.
The sanctions on Russia were too light and removing sanctions from Iran was a huge mistake.
Not EU but whole world
But let's not forget who actually expanded its territory in this conflict.
Tricking the public into believing that "all sides are equally bad" is specifically one of the goals of the lies disseminated by Russian propaganda agencies.
Even if things from now on turns in favor for Ukraine, I don't see Russia giving away Crimea and annexation of it was why sanctions were imposed in the first place.
Excatly, that's why we need NATO soldiers here, they are detterent from possible attack, look at Georgia, Ukraine, Moldova, not being in NATO is only asking to be occupied.
Donetsk for sure, looking ugly as shit
I actually think Stalin high-rises are just about the only good looking type of Soviet architecture.
In his words, from the article you linked:
Maybe those who ordered Maidan and MH-17.
The EU is doing very well, the crises we are facing (migration, Ukraine, Greece) are, really, relatively minor and easily manageable with EU's enormous resources.
I feel you brother
Given its population size, people in Ukraine must be quite...hungry.
Certain regions have pro-Russian parties leading, but pro-Ukrainian parties also have a decent representation
Ukraine grants full acess to the market while EU does this only when it wants.
Switzerland — Швейцарія [Shveitsariia]
I think Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia and the Baltic States are part of the West, but Romania and Bulgaria aren't, even Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Albania, Kosovo, Macedonia and Turkey aren't part of the West.
That's why it was called an autonomous republic when it was part of Ukraine They had their own constitution, elected parliament, court, they had a president.
What is it that you're going on about?
Kyiv accuses Russia of violating UN conventions and financing terrorism
But because these are countries and there isn't a higher power to do the punishing they start losing support for their cause.
Knowya, me call John, pleasurable to-acquaintself
Especially those soldiers from Western Ukraine.
Ireland
Dude, fuckin true
A country that doesnt see peace as a priority and brain washes its citizens so they match Putin's foreign affair aspirations.
Maybe it wasn't a thing in Hungary because it wasn't one of the republics of the SU
It seems most people on this sub is for sanctions against Russia but not for sanctions against US.
I keep saying "the Ukraine" because it makes ukrainian nationalists butthurt on the Internet.
What is more of benefit to Ukraine is a period of chaos and instability in Russia, like we saw in 1991-1992
A normal son, by the way, died in Moldavia
b) no problem
Chill, im not condoning what Russia did in Ukraine, i didnt even mention Ukraine.
Scandinavia comes from my mistake lol.
Lies, almost everyone I know eats salo
That the Chernobyl made most of territory unsafe to live
When russian proxies execute POWs, political activists and loot towns this hardly gets in the news.
Depends on where you live - you would be de facto alienated by the society if you actually missed the Soviet Union here.
idk about US, but here in Ukraine we can still see people that point at camera.
Somewhere around Cherkasy I guess would be more or less standard, but varies very wildly, surzhyk is often very present.
Trine's cool though, Control even more so
(Totally fine to share with Poland)
Jewish Population in Europe in 1933[x-post /r/mapporn]
They have to know Ukrainian
I hope you will get political stability and make democracy work.
Ever since the rug had faint shoeprint marks that were impossible to remove, so we had to remove the rug instead
It works in most situations where your ID would be required: police, post office, domestic travel, buying tobacco or alcohol, etc
Sad thing that nobody still acknowledges that this type of shit is a type of warfare
Actually I'm not anti everything, I'm just pro-anti
That look "goddamn it" at the end made me chuckle.
Meanwhile, russian settlers were already flooding the peninsula (and this kept happening throughout Soviet period, resuming again after the occupation of 2014)
At this stage the EU has credibility problems.
and that's for good
I consider myself very right-wing.
They are not winning per say, but they definitely have made advancements compared to the status quo prior.
In countries with unstable currency, USD or Euros are an effective hedge against inflation.
Excuse me
>stalinism but not communism
As an independent nation, comfortably situated near Black sea between Russia and the rest of Europe, they would have fantastic opportunities.
We have a shit ton of AA left over from USSR as well, being Soviet western border and all that.
Bruh, you just a tall barrack instead of long one
As someone living in "Bad results", that hits home ತ_ʖತ
Russia does not have vastly better standards of living than Ukraine?
I remember I got shit once for saying that in the US.
I've never heard of it
Iraq was boycotted by the major continental states.
Emergency Situation in Avdiivka, Ukraine - Statement of U.S.
Is it about invading Poland or is it about running away to Poland, how we use the phrase "I have time to make it to the Finnish border" in the sense "i'm doing something weird or dangerous but its gonna be ok/i still have time to get away"?
Yes my biggest frustration with these maps is Ukraine usually shows as having no data, not bad results
Lithuania with 2
I doubt they'd do it, apples or no apples.
It's actually *potathos*.
One funny thing is that at least 1/3 of Russian households still don't have gas
Uh, that's one way to put how Moscow promised to uphold the Pskov independent democracy in exchange for sending whatever prince they wanted to govern them, and then betraying the agreements and showing up to negotiations with an army and a puppet governor
Ended up checking the moss on trees and this is how we were able to walk straight
&#x200B;
someone who's never been to Ukraine, Belarus or Russia.
Lets have a reality check for you, what do you call the situation in Ukraine and Crimea?I guess these really are just Russian volunteers that have nothing to do with the Russian military, kinda odd how hundreds of tanks found their way to a eastern European country.
This is relevant only to those living within 200km of the border max
Also in theory it shouldn't matter but she is in a wheelchair/disabled, so it's very easy to push the message "look how oppressive Ukraine is, they even ban some innocent singer in a wheelchair as if she was some terrorist".
Schmarov (center) and Russian Ministry of Defense ltgen Grachov (right), celebrate the completed dismantlement of silo 110 and the Ukraine's completed nuclear weapons arsenal dismantlement
It is trending in 21st century.
US Senate votes overwhelmingly to admit Montenegro to NATO
so the people who campaigned and voted against the EU-Ukraine Association Agreement in the Netherlands will be punished too?
What did he ever do to justify him being being called a 'dictator'?
We could be stuck in Eurasian Economic Union forever if not maidan.
We also had explosions from "russian world" in Kharkiv, Odessa, shellings of Mariupol, Kramatorsk, etc.
2015).Sintashta, Potapovka and one Poltavka guy also.
It would rather help Yanukovich get richer.
ITT: 'guys it's not Stalinism it's communism
Well there was the Danube issue with Ukraine digging a new canal despite huge environmental damage.
I always feel that I was born as a rich German Bürger in the body of poor Ukrainian guy.
"The discovery of the cause of coeliac disease may also be partly attributed to the Dutch famine
Hell, even Crimea is a burden, not to say about the East of Ukraine.
It has assets a lot of countries need but it all depends on politics of today and the future if those will thrive or not.
October, April: below 15
9/10 of those people have never been to Germany or Western Europe.
That I mix American and British English
There may be more, but I can't remember
I guess you guys like keeping those oil pipelines flowing too.
Historical Aryans were R1a-Z93<Z94<Z2124 and L657 people.
Routing/how much time to spend in Moldova, Transnistria, Ukraine, and Belarus
Darth Vader's Forest Hut
Because Ukrainians have to continue fighting for their lives regardless of which direction the political wins are blowing in the West.
But will you not name any successful reform that he did - only oppressing laws.
Nice map
well, you described some middle ages society.
No one gave a damn about Ukraine in Europe before Russia took Crimea.
However, I just found out that u/mateiz3 already made a similar map earlier, so be sure to check out [their version] as well, it includes some more art
* when I know the thing, but don't remember the word in any language I speak; happens with complex words as well as with simple everyday words;
"Eneyida" was the first literary work written in common people's Ukrainian
For all we know we may even be contending for first place now.
Nah, play into russian narrative about Nazis, cause that's definitely who took over Donetsk, Luhansk, and Crimea
trying to reach out to the rest of the world
Did he finish that off by saying that Ukraine isn't a real country and that Ukrainians are just squatting on the land of other countries?
[YUKO - YARYNO]
Definitely English
The girl was a thread to degenerade and marauder nasirov, head of state fiscal service and corrupted system, on which he is put on top.
Human life is sacred, and we can only feel somewhat generally bad about what's happening to Ukraine,
When somebody talks about Germans, the first topic that comes to the mind of a common man is a strict nazi occupant
A lot of people of Polish descent in Chicago area.
Jesus, we live in Kosice, 100km East and I'm in fucking Ukraine!
What's wrong with the Baiden junior?
**Volodymyr the Great** (ruler of Kyivan Rus 980–1015)
I saw the fight in Luhansk and Donetsk as a consequence of Euromaidan and getting rid of pro-Russian government.
The more they hide behind the bodyguards and tall walls - the more they will see society as a milking cow, rather than a community to which they belong
I imagine these types of posts will never appear about Georgia, the same would probably be true for Ukraine if the conflict was the same length (about a week).
If I remember rightly he got a lot of backing from Nigel Farage to ruin Ukraines chances.
Maybe Ukraine will never join NATO or EU but it will never be pro-russian again.
Russia traces its history back to Rus, the capital of which was Kiev for a time, but before that, it was Novgorod.
Also, are people so naive and think nuclear weapons will be used over Baltic states?
Please do show me exactly when US showed interest in opening base in Crimea.
He's Sam, adopted from previous owner at age 1.5.
Luckily the Ukraine's legitimacy as a state doesn't mean shit to Putin either.
What about us
Instead in France you'd be 2700-3400 and paying the same for 35 sqm, a fuck load of taxes, plus everything else is 2 to 10 times as expensive
Check out this Eurovision 2017...Everyone looking forward to it?
Russians	**31k**
Glad to know the studio is still around.
Are we getting ready for Yugoslavia wars 2 electric boogaloo?
Let him change national flag first.
I never heard of it included in the Balkan though.
[](/rg03 "No one will ever see this message.") Sunny and pretty warm for this time of year.
There's no better way to learn about political situation in Ukraine and have a bit of a laugh (and a cry) at the same time
Although I doubt you had any plans to come here in the first place.
Everybody's gotta go back to work on Monday, sadly
* [Red chief] - hard sweet apples available in winter
People here allow themselves to plunder
Then why so few
Maybe trying to reduce pollution you do, doesn't outright kills your economy, unlike what some people claim
I don't celebrate the death of those 92 men, but it doesn't hurt me either.
Like always, someone died, let's chant FUCK THE POLICE.
The German chancellor before Merkel was really good personal buddies with Putin, the countries built a pipeline together.
We want Ukraine out of the Russian sphere of influence and into our own, duh.
I am sure NATO would still go to war even at the threat of nuclear escalation.
I've never seen such deck
Maybe Hitler of 1933
no way, kingdom of Romania was basically present day Romania+Moldova+small parts of Ukraine.
Russia is strong and independent country that leaves room for "opinions" that, of course, according to RT were abolished long ago in decadent West.
It would be nice but we are talking about Romania.
Poland — Польща [Polshcha]
Ukraine has just been unlucky to be requesting visa-free access at same time.
What all those nights shows (ie Trevor Noah, Seth Meyers etc
Well yes, you are right of course that we are seen as a threat by our neighbors (not all of them however, only Croatia and Kosovo) but I think that when compared that the last war we were in was in the 90s, we aren't close to whatever Russia is doing in Ukraine, or Turkey is doing with their freefall into dictatorship.
I think, she attended just to show how children suffer on this war.
While courage above all he had
* Dynasty
wake the fuck up", because everyone needs to share the guilt, and its not just about Ukraine, its about all other neighbouring nations they invaded throughout the latest decades as well.
Pig fat smeared in milk chocolate
It constantly threatens Baltic nations about their Russian minorities and violates their airspace.
As you said, it will probably go down the same way as Ukraine, except Russia will be on the other side.
Belarus is under the threat also.
i dont remember anyone saying Kievan Rus did something wrong expect collapse
Could you please give an example of professional diplomatic behavior by those two?
Had absolutely no problems with their countries' law enforcements later on.
Why isn't it possible in the Crimea scenario?
Neither of those is Russia, though.
I haven't heard almost any spoken Ukrainian, but I'm sure it does since they neighbor each other and a lot of Ukraine once belonged to Poland.
So Fillon will want to do the opposite of what Obama did in regards to Russia.
In Russian rebel-held territory?
First they recognize documents used in occupied territory and a part of occupied territory will use Russia's currency, something which you can't do unless enough bank notes and coins are delivered or printed, because these things don't just appear out of thin air.
Apparently Russia will be humiliated by defeat, just like all these beatiful people.
Unlike Russia, previous elections in Ukraine were within internationally recognized democratic standards.
It's not that Russian is similar to Ukrainian, it's a number of Ukrainians who are able to understand it.
A treaty where Ukraine could sue the US for not deploying military in Ukraine to end the Russian invasion?
Bye-bye Crimea
Russia accused Ukraine of being Nazi, proceeded to invade them.
Also, there's a Pakistani (?) animation about a [donkey king] The main character, apparently, turned out to be an unintentional parody of Zelenskyi
Neither is wearing a cross on your neck though, yet it's commonly accepted as a profession of faith.
Vatican to Security Council: enforce Ukraine ceasefire
in cities I would say it is not really common
The amount of Hungarians living in the neighboring countries is roughly as much as the whole population of Slovenia.
As commie shit
Poroshenko on Donbas blockade: Severe blow for Ukraine's industry
If you will have spare time and you're into quiet towns with nice architecture and almost empty streets, visit Ivano-Frankivsk (130 km from Lviv)
Привіт, мене звати Джон, приємно познайомитись. Ти звідки?
We got you, fam
You know, old school torture, the kind that, when it gets applied, you just know the people doing it didn't need no sleazy memos from their justice minister justifying them with euphemisms, because why the fuck bother?
You see ethnic cleansing, but Ukrainians see fight against oppressor and its citizens.
Russia will not attack Western Europe or the Baltics, because it simply lacks the military power.
That one big boat-looking hotel
That could be a confusing topic though, as this is specific to our culture, so no worries:)
Since Crimea is now Russian territory aren't those people Russians now?
Crimea declared independence from Ukraine before the annexation,
Compare that to Ukraine where they have had their own kind of nationalism since the nineteenth century and the nation has known periods of unified independence since the first world war.
I mean russia originates from Ukraine(Kiev Rus)...no point to give other examples about other countries nearby.
And you forget about France reaction when Germany move army to Chechs border, they send ultimate to stop it, otherwise, France begin mobilization, and after this they start talk in Munich
Posting such things on Twitter, potentially accessible by all kinds of people with PTSD, trauma or just kids is definitely much closer to the latter.
Spike is actually after both changes, from winter to summer and from summer to winter
It absolutely is our business, the Pacific has always been our backyard and it always will be.
Am I misinterpreting something or is the point that Russia is saving Ukraine from a US invasion here?
It's not a "Russian mindset" it's simply how the world works.
They weren't as bad as they are today though.
With our country, we don't have that much people that may need a second nationality, because, apart from Russians and Polish guys, we're pretty pure nationality-wise
Kinda hypocritical for me as a Pole to say that.
While the leadership of Belarus has shown anger towards Moscow since the whole Ukraine thing began, I honestly doubt this is anything but attempt to get more Russian funding into Belarus.
Set aside his motivations and personality.
* lack of medium-density housing
Imagine if supermarkets started selling expired products, I doubt it will be better alternative (even though some still do, not in EU though)
In what way
This is not the consenquence of Maidan.
Ukraine was at 37% in 2013, 38% today.
Sad, but it can be rebuilded after all
In Ukraine, they [tried that] too.
However, beans Vs meat is the main war in my area
Try to find a country in Europe without them
But we don't get to know as much about Russian culture, movies, TV shows, what is popular there, about Russian celebrities or Ukrainian celebrities that moved to Russia for good
* with [sour cherry] and other fruits like plums or redcurrant (are served with sour cream or honey);
I will make him my best friend.
But, even some other Slavs (i.e. Russians, Belarusians
travel to the Ukraine to find out how much Poland profits from the single market.
Because the US is fighting off Russians in Ukraine right now?
«сосиска в тесте» is called “pigs in a blanket” or “sausage roll” in english as far as I can tell, hot dogs are a bit different
Is maple syrup as good as they say
Sounds weird
The same between Russia\Ukraine\Belorus and probably Kazachstan\Uzbekistan\Tajikistan (for Kazachs, almost everyone speaking Russian and to watch it Russian).
It is very easy with nouns forms and verbs forms
Honestly should be a thing in Ukraine as well.
Frankly, Russia would probably prefer to have Ukraine simmer down and fade out of view.
Imagine being Ukrainian
Only warm water port in the region?
If Nazi genocided millions of people and Sovok genocided millions of people, they are equally bad
I mean, Polish wouldn't be so hard, if you were growing up speaking Russian and Ukrainian as your mother tongues
Also study visa for Ukrainians allow full-time employment during studium, and after graduation you are granted work visa authomatically.
Totally, it also has lots of cool bars and restaurants
Ukraine and Belarus were all together Lithuania, but 1360 is a while ago.
On the other hand he tried to compromise with Russia but was stopped with the resignation of Flynn.
Sudenly Putin remembers there's a huge Russian minority in Belarus and invades like Ukraine 3 years ago
We can relate
Відень (smth like "Viden'")
I don't think a Romanian (unless is part of the 3% that do speak Russian) would be able to tell the difference between Ukrainian and Russian.
> Today at 4 o'clock a.m., without any claims having been presented to the Soviet Union, without a declaration of war, German troops attacked our country, attacked our borders at many points and bombed from their airplanes our cities
I like Mlekovita Yogurt and Hanusi Twarog
We have no and pretty much nobody supports it
Same shit”
Building contraction and decay isn't exclusive to poor people's apartments, but when you have money, you can afford the maintenance
Is it possible not to like cheese
Are you sure that they would be enthusiastic to give their life to defend Italy, France, German or Holland?
Despite the regulation that buses and trams can ride only 10 people per carriage, which obviously doesn't work
1943 but Poland always overexaturates it
They just need "enemys" and want to spread fear so that people act irrational and vote for them.
You really dont see the difference beetween Finland and Crimea?
You don't need to enforce it 100% of the time, just make it clear to every single violator that it can be enforced against them at any time in the future.
"If you can't beat it than adopt it" situation
Please google 2008 Bucharest summit and 2008 Russo-Georgian war and their respective dates.
That's illegal in my country, but shops rarely follow this law
Russian is a complex language
But this is true for both Ukraine and Russia.
And the EU and the US supporting violence over democracy.
Spain, Portugal, Italy, IRELAND for christ sake are at the top of acceptance and you think they are not religious?
He began to enumerate death figures … Stalin interrupted him to say: “If only one man dies of hunger, that is a tragedy.
Just don't do ot in public transport
I didn't know that our sweets are so delicious till I started travelling around the EU Everything's amazing there, except sweets
Never mind I mistook his property for his business.
It's Indo-European, just as majority of European languages.
But of course, since the new Romanian government is hard at work trying to get the corrupt crooks out of prison, this isn't going to happen.
So which ones are you talking about?
i have almost everyone at the table on my side
Only bad thing economically that people migrate to Poland, but this is not Poland's fault
They ignored their responsibilities with the Ukraine agreement by annexing Crimea.
Once that is over, it'll be time for the AA counties.
fishing near the African Coast, Frontex, EU & Ukraine, EU & Turkey, Immegration from Africa, Union for the Mediterranean) or what does Ashton actually do?
Ohhh yeah, you are very wrong according to [this] Looks like the world for the most part did start, not even after ww1, but after ww2.
Also, it's not like all people comming to Poland are from the west of Ukraine.
They, currently, have no obligation to do so.
That place could/should be, among others, the parliaments in the Ukraine and Russia, but certainly not the Portuguese one.
The best future for Ukraine is one that seeks membership of the EU.
I've seen a lot of Swiss customers who searched for remote employees for different jobs related to IT
When the area declared independence Ukraine met them with military force.
It's still in use in at least UA/RU.
And Sweden\Scandinavia in general.
We can halp ourselves in murica.
This is the point I made about what is likely to happen in Belarus and that is exactly what happened in Armenia
More freedoms, more equality, better attitude
> Surströmming
Poland is two countries away from China at least.
So I'm not about to shed tears for their claim to the peninsula which they gained with fire and sword.
Either Ukrainians assimilate and become Russians or they get punished.
That would protect them from any future attacks from Russia (or am I missing something)
Some people also incorrectly include us to [the Commonwealth of Independent States \(CIS\)] which Ukraine is not a part of, but most post-Soviet countries are, that is why people use the term instead of "post-Soviet" which seems like less and less relevant as time goes by
But as long as he didn't commit any crime and didn't hurt anyone (except for a couple of bruises and stolen possessions), they didn't have a legal basis to proclaim him incapacitated and treat him as such
Many gypsies speaking in Hungarian
> I'd heard it before but didn't really know what it meant
What's your measurement of evil
But, im just commenting on the guys statement that Putin admitted to it, he didn't, he never admitted there being Russian soldiers in Ukraine,except SF and Intelligence, but i agree there are plenty of 'vacationers' there.
Ofcourse the photos were taken with 0
who ordered his political opponents jailed and activists kidnapped and tortured.
Crimea was a big dispute during the fall of the USSR whether it should remain with Russia or be part of the new Ukrainian state.
Not sure who hates the Crimean Tatars, but Russia builds for them large mosque , people who suffered from Stalin's deportation are recognized as victims of repressions and receive benefits from the state.
their ultras are plain communists
And now his main objective is not to be prosecuted
Well,it's okay lol with covid 19 right now don't forget about your health too:)
It may not seem like much, but it actually serves quite good to the point where you may find yourself not really in dire need of AC
You have to understand the thinking of the Soviet leadership at the time.
I never bothered myself about it, I considered the country as a Russian outpost-by-choice.
Romania: nothing personal but the Carpathians would make an absolutely ideal place to live or go for a vacation if Romania was all sea
A long long time she had been praying:
While it is one of the poorest area in Europe, it's not *that* bad
British English
The Voices of the Displaced in Ukraine and Russia
It's not like anything's going to happen (later this week) to degrade that alliance, thus opening the door to Russian aggression against your country.
Let's not confuse flies and cotlets here.
I don't recall the USA invading Ukraine.
I seem to remember Darth Vader in Ukraine too, at Maidan.
I might be biased in describing the situation because I do support the opposition
Wow, now round-trip to Amsterdam costs reasonable 60 EUR, not a 200 bucks ripoff it was before with our lovely UIA.
Same with Ukrainians
That's our cue
It is similar to Ukrainian,but there are a lot of silent sounds, like sz or nose vowels ę. When I studied Polish it was much easier to learn for me then foreigners I  with whom learned it,but it also was a challenge for me,especially writing
Moon - Місяць - male
Furthermore, hiding the truth behind technicalities such as the imaginary difference between 'a neighboring country' and, say, Germany or Turkey, or 'this is not a NATO base, this is an American base' doesn't make any sense.
EU, Netherlands find compromise to enact Ukraine deal
If you are not a paying customer, they have to get money from somewhere
Yet it decides to pay more because of political considerations.
We talk about the shitheads who literally want to kill people
Seems like a corruption scheme to me
Ireland's [azure blue] + [yellow]
We eat a fair amount of sauerkraut in Ukraine, but it's always white cabbage (often with some carrot) and we don't ever cook it
And even if they're not, I'm still ok with it.
Our Baltic brothers
Same for those who try to speak in my language, there is no reasons to feel ashamed
No, the escalation is due to the Ukrainian creeping offensive.
I don't know whatsup with No Data for Ukraine  (it's a freaking google search) but here are two results:
Also cats
- improvement of economic and cultural ties with the Western world, due to our refusing from degrading Russian partnership and due to visa-free regime with the EU
I've been to both Italy and Spain and on average, they are definitely a darker tone than Romanians.
I am not sure about Russia being a REAL threat to Eastern Europe, maybe only partially for Baltic states since they have a large Russian minority, other countries not so much, people in former eastern block (and just to say I hate this west/east divide since I think Europe is to small for any kind of divisions), so people in former eastern block with the exception of maybe Poland do not have open animosity toward Russians, they may not prefer them and certainly do not want them back, never ever again, but majority of people is for good relations, especially regarding doing business with Russia and in generall people really do not care much about Ukraine stuff.
I like how people try everything to blame Ukraine for the MH17 tragedy
THAT is the Great Firewall, not mere "surveillance".
Sad, but since the invasion in Ukraine is now "old news", the media have stopped talking about it.
A bunch of dudes were living in steppes, in a self-governing free state, practicing martial arts, giving each other nicknames like "Break-the-oak" or "Speckled-butt", and then those nicknames have become surnames for their descendants
My colleague had gone to Stockholm a few weeks before us and told us Vasa wasn't really all that interesting and we could skip going there
The people of the Netherlands have already spoken and made it clear that they want nothing to do with Ukraine's problems.
Yes it does
> Pryvit, mene zvty Dzhon, pryiemno poznayomytysia
We have those [hot beverage kiosks] in public places
They were simply added because at some point in time they or parts of them were included in a multinational state(The Habsburg/Austrian Empire, USSR) that did invade it, or they were allied with countries that did invade it.
I wonder, if it ends in disaster, will it finally make people wake up?
I remember talking with a lot of Dutchies about the Ukraine-referendum and most of them were talking about saying no to the EU-UA trade deal because they consider the trade deal as 1 step away from Ukrainians coming to Schengen...
He is eating those words while his party crumbles because of that very same "boogeyman".
You're welcome
But it is feminine in Ru and Ua, despite being masculine in many other Slavic languages
They send there secretly groups of people that destabilize region and a lot of pro-russia people actually help them intentionally or not (and that all was in the moment when there was maidan and country was in chaos plus Crimea event).
Our government recently introduced the first comprehensive app in the world for e-Documents
They're instigating an ongoing conflict to keep Ukraine out of NATO and the EU.
They liven in "Rusia" which was part of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth currently known as part of Ukraine and Belarus.
But we often joke that it is unexplored area and no man knows what inhabits that area
Also Kievan Rus overlooks when the capital was not only in Volhinia/Halychyna but also other times the capital was moved.
It's not like he was a good guy at first or something.
If Crimea which was only part of Ukraine for one generation, then how can Kosovo not be Serbian?
**The moon** --> *"місяць/misiats'"* masculine
*Tovarisches* vanished simultaneously with the USSR, though
That said the holodomor was indeed most severe in the ethnically Ukrainian parts of the USSR.
It's realpolitik 101: everything is good and even righteous while it's you who do it.
I miss this in Ukraine, although there are plenty of places with delicious pastry, they usually bake it to be sold in the evening for dinner, people have no habit for fresh pastry in the morning
He is a pro at this; he's done it many times, destabilizing numerous countries and is currently funding the Trump protests in the US (as well as BLM).
In reality, they started to extinct when modern repellents became available
Makes sense
"Being a Ukrainian means being in the state of constantly arguing for  your right to exist"
Russia with invading Ukraine and Georgia and threatening the Baltics.
between the two countries has gotten pretty nasty at times.
On the other hand, it opens up possibilities and leeways for collosal corruption and schemes and should we allow it, we're going to have our oligarchs suck money out of our state into their pockets, like vampires they are
Moldova and Ukraine Defense Ministers agree to make a "green corridor" for Russian troops to leave Transnistria
It doesn't create a sense of community in there
So yes, Italian communists were absolutely a threat right after WW2, and the prospect of them crushing Italian democracy and turning Italy into a totalitarian Soviet satellite/ally were very real
You disgust me with that statement.
And Ukraine is dumb enough to take the bait.
I doubt that some of those that voted "No" would mind Norway entering the European Union, yet some can write off Ukraine from _ever_ entering.
Hungary - Угорщина (Ugorscheena)
Putin is totally unhinged
From where You
To be honest, whatever the result it doesn't look like much will change
Until then, sit tight and don't escalate.
The Czech republic and Slovenia have even surpassed some Western European countries in terms of GDP per capita.
most of our industry, nothing important really.
My friends from Russia say that they don't understand Ukrainian, it's looks similar only visual
I'm just passing through to visit some friends.
But since those people don't have enough stimulus at home, this initiative dies off after a couple month
Or Burgundian System Komi
There were rallies in Simferopil' in 23-25 February, 2014, pro-Ukrainian crowds were twice as big.
Russia acknowledged the the territorial integrity of Ukraine yet they annexed Crimea anyway.
The whole anti-soviet movement
In Opinion: Dispatches from the forgotten war in Ukraine
I don't think any of these people spouting the vacuous tough guy talk here understand how deploying military forces works.
[Case in point] I would add that he also solved every other crisis plaguing that place since times immemorial, if SW Extended Universe is to be believed.
Or they arrange the delivery via one of the usual postal/delivery services that work across the country
When you were in Ukraine, their kopiyka likely costed five times more than Russian XD.
Stalin's correspondence with other officials showed that they were worried about losing Ukraine &a they needed to crush the Ukrainians.
Wake me up when they cross the Eastern Polish border.
USA EU Russia UKRAINE and some more UN leaders should meet and ask the people in Crimea what country they wanna join - Russia or Ukraine.
What are those Russian MPs doing in Ukraine?
Would anyone here prefer Crimea to become independent, instead of its current state, provided it couldn't remain in Ukraine?
If Bolshevik Ukraine was independently governed from Kyiv, I could agree
**Laughs in perfect Eastern European 25ºC*
Maybe the sixth one died of injuries sustained in the fighting.
And yet now the West is still not fully sure whether oppose those actions.
&#x200B;
It used to be a popular restaurant dish in Soviet times, but no one cooked it at home
It's not a linguistic or even cultural issue.
Shit on your enemies
> a xenophobic rant about Europeans
Sometimes even for free to attract customers
Maybe there should be sanctions tied to South Ossetia.
What the IMF Doesn't Know About Ukraine
But that's about it
I am 100% sure this is going to be a civilized thread,
This might change in the future as demand for authentic Ukrainian culture rises, Galicia being widely viewed as a source of such authenticity.
From mobile 112 should work also probably tbh
Moreover, somebody even treats that borsht with haricot beans like pineapple pizza
It is disgusting to send pictures of burned, killed and dead ukrainian soldiers to their familes .The rebels and russian soldiers in eastern Ukraine act in many ways like IS and have the same mentality just replace some key words of their propaganda
Well if all you need is to believe and that makes it true then I will argue no further.
With historically connected countries from the south, Lithuania gets along only with Ukraine...
Also, hate vodka and everything stronger than wine
Freezing cold water feels warm
As KGB ideology said: "To spite capitalists we will fan world fire"
All Ukraine does is showing Russian occupants that they are unable to manage the land without Ukraine.
A majority of young people never used a gun here.
Don't know about that, but there's probably a high chance putin will send soldiers to kill civilians, like he did in Ukraine.
It's fun
(Which would result in a much smaller border with NATO once rest-Ukraine becomes a member.)
[YUKO - Buvaite Zdorovi]
Also, I used to be a junky for sad stories about the countryside and serfdom, so I liked Marko Vovchok's "Folk Stories" (1857)
If this cannibalistic russian regime continues, there will always be a burning frontline with russia in europe.
Stop reading more into my question than what it was.
Russia sees EU as a threat because it's not Russia.
But what I'm getting at is that the sanctions tied to the occupation of Ukraine should come off if and when the terms are met, rather than someone saying "oh, yeah, and you *also* need to do X, Y, and Z too".
Trust me, that's not the worst shit they have there
In case of my comment, to expand, Ukraine didn't exist, but [Ruthenia]–Lithuanian–Ruthenian_Commonwealth) did.
None of this would happen if 1) Ukraine's song wasn't political 2) Russia won.
Obama was a very anti-Russian president who drove the relationship to a incredible low long before Ukraine even happened.
He is corrupt, here in Ukraine we know that.
It's just these 74% of people still enjoy level of life that is too high for crime supporters:).
Would love to find out if anyone's curious about the Ukrainian shamans as they're dying out, are there more traditions like this in Western countries?
He also correctly predicted the conflict in Ukraine and the state of Russia.
It's the heraldic colours of Daniel I of Galych, gold and azure, as far as I know.
It's also covered a bit before that
And Pinocchio is his name, right
- I'm not religious, however, I understand the importance of Ukrainian Independent Orthodox church, which got started by the previous gov, the importance for the Ukrainian identity
Anxious Ukraine Risks Escalation In 'Creeping Offensive'
The norms of teaching Ukrainian as a second language are only now being worked out and the language itself is undergoing massive transformation right now as more young people start speaking it, and generally younger people tend to communicate and engage with foreigners both for leisure and for business, so I think what foreigners learn is all over the place but still pretty modern and widely used by native speakers
Our current president is a former actor and comedian
It certainly doesn't seem terribly unlikely that an area that is inhabitated by ethnic russians would want to be part of russia and not of Ukraine.
Yankees is kind of rare and mostly used jokingly.
It actually had a legitimate raison d'être for most of its existence.
Lol we too
I've heard that when the USSR leaders died all TV channels stopped their usual repertoire and broadcasted something neutral like Swan Lake (btw, also duck-like birds-themed)
Historically, they don't seem to get along that much.
Ukraine says military cargo plane shot at from Russian-held gas rig
Public transport, while ubiquitous and cheap, is kinda stressing and gross here
I use two handwriting styles: regular cursive and a much more compact print-like handwriting
The people of Donetsk and eastern Ukraine, even those who actively rebelled a few years ago, weren't against Europe in particular, just against the new government in Kiev and their actions before and after coming to power through means some might call illegal and even violent.
and since a lot of people have moved out since I doubt the numbers have grown for any group save for Roma
> Not an issue
Ukrainians tend to be affectionate with family and friends, more so in relationships
Next time someone will come up with driving on rectangular wheels, and people will defend it as "new technology"
EU deal was beneficial for EU and agricultural west Ukraine, but would kill industries of east tuned mainly for cooperation with Russia.
Not precisely, more like, is it in the north or south, does it have a shore, and so on
"лайно" is almost never used in this context
Salo in chocolate
I sampled a bunch of redditor nee-voters at the time, those were the common issues raised about the agreement.
You forget about sustaining, securing the "success" for a long time.
Because *everywhere but in Ukraine* is NATO not happy with what's happening there.
Yes, Ukrainian pronunciation is close to the spelling, as long as you can hear some minuscule nuances
I understand that asking for forbearance for members of a regime occupying someone's country is probably not realistic.
The city is located on high hills right upon the biggest and most important river in Ukraine downstream was many rapids so to pass it you had to take your boat to the ground and move to a safe part of the river, what you can't do without the permission of lord who controls this land
Syriza's proposals don't matter because they were supposed to be paid for by people who didn't want to pay for them, i.e.
thank you for us not sharing one country with these people anymore.
We unlike Lithuania also had conscription even before what happened in Ukraine, so that's nothing new here.
What if, just what if people that are living in Crimea, don't want to be returned to Ukraine?
Whether high military spending is good or bad depends on your perspective.
"After the Russian Army invaded the nation of Georgia, Sen.
That would be still 20% cheaper then Ukraine's price.
Intervention in Ukraine, I think.
That shows you are responsible  citizen, so won't drink to death
On the other hand, there's still some hope for Ukraine to change.
We have it but there must also be meat inside
And the thing is there's always been great Ukrainian artists, media owners just were lazy or prejudiced against Ukrainian to change anything
^Zagraj ^o ^ponad ^500000 ^nagrod
The goal of Polish eastern foreign policy is to keep a buffer between us and them to prevent a remake of what has been happening over the course of last 10 centuries.
Although enforced is a strong word
Heck, part of Ukraine was part of the Habsburg empire at one point and had a partial German speaking population.
If Nazi genocided millions of people and Sovok genocided millions of people, they are equally bad
So that was my first encounter with the American version
Yes, because Baltic countries define themselves as successor states of pre-WW2 states, not soviet republics.
Oh, you want to plant your flag in some shithole part of a shithole country?
But that mostly of the old generation, while millennials and younger think of funny language and high quality of life in Germany or huge german multinational companies
If we sent one man to fight there, it would be one too many.
I get why they're angry but what's the point of fighting your own choice
There was just some point during the development of Ukraine moving ever closer to the West where the government decided "Fuck it, we lost Ukraine, let's at least occupy the Donbass and Crimea."
Through education it's pretty much in our head that Russia will someday attack again.
Correct me if I’m wrong but English seems to be extremely different from Russian
They know that they can't compete with other by standards of living, prosperity and freedom, so they come up with different types of bullshit
The EU should keep sanctions on Russia regardless of what the US does or does not do.
I've honestly never head anyone complaining about Polish tourists ever
The most important thing is that you have a considerable Russian minority.
Also, kids just cut the top from a ripe dried poppy seed box and eat the seeds
Ukrainian doesn't have the full dual form, but there are some words that are remnants of it
Plenty of space in Siberia, right?
Your security service had no problem banning other singers.
Is that some kind of commie block deal leftover from cold war?
Siberia has many ukrainians since gulag.
[You see
haydamak or haiduk, also a thing in Ukraine
Fix corruption or you won't get Visa free travel.
I once met a Greek woman whose name and surname were misplaced by a drunk priest who baptized her
Like Ukraine (but we have our own too, its complicated) or Belarus.
Let's get serious: This man lacks any credibility.
For example Turkey, South America, Central and Eastern Europe, Ukraine and India.
Internet, siblings, friends, parents
Can't Ukraine hold a referendum on letting go on the occupied regions(with an option to let them rejoin in the future if they wish) and creating a new land border.
It's just gangs, the rest of the people fighting Ukraine are Russian soldiers.
There is international law regarding the subject.
It's actually Ukraine which isn't following Minsk II.
And now, if all goes well and Putin won't piss of Trump somehow, Russia's sanctions will be lifted, because USA and England were the main pressure sources.
Kievan Rus existed just a few centuries ago!
The filling is whatever people want
The original reasoning behind this was that they're special symbols and thus not easily searchable on e.g.
And about situation in Ukraine, if EU care about self determination, what is wrong for Crimea?
So you think everyone who comes from arab countries is a benefits parasite, while everyone from Ukraine is not?
Obviously, Russian political and economic news draw a lot of attention since these aspects are currently important to Ukraine
It "goes against the people's will" if they ignore the result, so now the government is trying to score some points with these demands.
Rorabacher is a douchebag whose influence is non-existent.
agree with quail, it's way more common than duck IMO
"Guys, independent Scotland would only have elections **once** in 5 years."
That guy from Ukraine is pretty cute.
"UA: First" former (UT-1) operated by the National Public Broadcasting Company of Ukraine, to be honest, I never saw anyone watching it, they're really outdated and can't compete with private channels (most of which belongs to oligarchs)
Writing a word after hearing it is not a sure thing, but mostly you can do it too
For example, the Russian  **Г** is **Ґ** in Ukrainian (notice the diacritic)
It is not that catapult is upgrade.
With EU failing as for now I doubt Ukraine would make that move.
"Forest song" (1911) by Lesya Ukrainka (a play)
This has exceptions of course
Not shutting down NGO that give free condoms and needle is a nice start.
Wouldn't surprise me at all with Ukraine/fake news outrage.
What happens in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch stays in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch
Just think of the possibilities.
I think the only way is to let Assad and the Russian reestablish control over most of the country.
You are absolutely correct about the rampant corruption in our country, though things are slowly getting better.
And then there is this [video] Looks like Ukrainian flag.
Poland: Not a threat to us at all, we have good relations between us
Most people saw it as an anti-EU thing more than an anti-Ukraine thing, which is retarded.
Ireland
Ukraine is red because part of the country is occupied by russian troops.
“Ukraine
He must be a minister of Foreign Affairs, not president imo.
Ukraine wasn't the only one having their national identity ruined.
Because usually they know only one language (English/Russian)
For not filling their country with all sort of "refugees"?
I agree, but each of those nations, the Baltics, Ukraine should be able to chose it's own destiny.
We even have an ancient Slavic word for that (Varyagy, [ that described mercenaries from the Baltic Sea
I think it's important that people from the establishment are not the outcasts in the society
I'm sure it would please the humanitarian in you even more if the rebels in Eastern Ukraine would just stop fighting.
r europe when it suits them "turkey is not europe" why are you posting
It obviously has its downsides, but to me the only thing that matters is how people living there see that
I'm talking about [Battle of Poltava] .We took your side hoping that we together could win that battle and Ukraine will be independent
We use this word quite often (*пафос*, also *патетика* i.e. emphatic theatrical suffering), so the English adjective *pathetic* meaning sad/pitiful sounds to me a little
This is Ukraine taking Russia to court.
beef wellington though
Surely at this point the solution would be a UN peacekeeping force taking over eastern Ukraine and allowing them to have a referendum on their own future under scrutiny from the international community without military forces from either the pro-russian or the pro-kiev side present.
When it comes to youth slang, in Russian:
We have lots of indicators, from corruption perception to Human Development Index to measure how a country is doing.
And what is the sense in the offensive if they have nothing to do with the crash?
How-to fuckup a great landscape.
If you go to some villages in the Carpathians, you can get whole 6 kilos for that much
Ukraine Right-wing Groups Rally Against Government
We've been counting this word/concept as a slur for a while since every country that had claimed to be Ukraine's brother ended up being Russia
So that's my unique experience from trip to Ukraine.
Polish is already more popular in Ireland than Irish
The cooperation between Germany and Russia was excellent before the Ukraine thing and is still alright though.
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland have nothing in common with Belarus, Russia and Ukraine other than being post Commie states.
They and their families will be wiped off the face of the earth, drowned in Volkhov river, shot in Katyn, sent to rot in Far East, whatever
They'll just give them houses
No, we just understand why Eastern EU NATO countries have concerns.
I've seen a single KFC in Odessa, and it's in the city's centre
Either Kyiv in the XI-XII century (preferably during a warm season) or a Ukrainian village of the XVII-XIX century
Why do you chose that video and not the video about "little green man"?
(plus 180 hd tv channels but i dont use it)
The thing is, you can't reliably match fingerprints against database to find a person.
I never expected that Russia would invade Ukraine and that Russians would hate Ukrainians so much because of cheap propaganda.
Every broken deal = erosion of trust.
probably justifiably so
You can transfer some money to privatbank card 5457 0822 3299 9685 .
Thanks, will fix it
Sure, from the 70's onwards, they came closer to the 'peace, love, puppies and democracy', and became the veritable relatively harmless "Eurocommunists". In the 50s and 60s, however, they were fairly typical [Soviet-style commies] This included support for the crushing of Hungary's revolution, for example (I'm sure Giorgio Napolitano would have liked to take that one back, but back then he was in support of whatever his Soviet comrades were up to)
There were not so many people expressing desire to secede in Donbass until armed Russian nationals appeared there to make the bogus referendum.
(or will, in some point in the future) Wouldn't it be better to concentrate resources on 1 project, to cheapen cost and etc.
is highly unlikely to happen in our lifetimes unless there is another major crisis akin to a third world war.
Trump cant pull out of Nato, he cant hand Ukraine to Russia, he cant build a stupid wall, he cant deport all the muslims, he cant ban immigration by muslims, and a million other things.
Only south and east parts are in danger.
Lviv, Ukraine-- a train away from Kraków or Budapest, and packed with architecture, history, relatively few tourists, and dirt cheap prices.
[I am Ukraïnian]
They have "they deserve it" mentality
Crimea want to join Russia and they actually manage to vote a legit referundum ?
Saakashvili says Ukraine can become a European superpower
Just seen down in comments that [you blame Ukraine for MH17] [Your own countrymen confirmed it was Russia] but you still blame Ukraine.
Edit: Ukrainian was never taught formally to any foreigners until very recently because of that whole USSR thing, so I don't think we have this problem
People often criticize immigration as a whole, so they wouldn't necessarily, which is a bit hypocritical, since they normally take low paying jobs or seasonal jobs on agriculture.
Compare her to Chamberlain and the comparison is ridiculous but at least your historical parallel is not all ass-backwards.
One day you're *u\/tasty_dino_meat* on Reddit, and a couple of centuries later you have a proud dynasty of Tastydinomeats next to surnames like Smith and Ericsson (in our case, Ivanchenko and Kovalchuk)
Oh our sweet Slavic Roma neighbours!
But I did find that people were friendlier than in Russia.
A small economy like Ukraine is being annexed by Russia and the EU is just letting it happen.
Those clothes are regularly washed just like the rest of the wardrobe, it's just they're not as presentable or fitting, etc
We also like to get out of the city on weekends and drive to some middle of nowhere and that's only possible by car, especially in winter
Also, isn't the new transcription for the city Kyiv
Same in Russian
So Abkhazia makes sense, that is a separate state, but in reality it's just a puppet.
It's possible that Crimea would have wanted even greater autonomy than it already had or even independence, but again, we'll never know because Russia attacked before anyone got the chance to find out what Crimeans wanted based on the small change in government
Yes they invaded Crimea and started a war in Ukraine, I can see that as well, and I won't defend them doing this.
The EU had already enough problems, why make close ties to a country, that many people see not even in Europe, with a weak economy, and a questionable political system.
What do you mean by the opposite side
Amend away, but visa free travel is not going to be affected.
Same
What do Ukraine's various protesting groups want?
You will continue to storm the Universe
While I also think that Russia won't give Crimea back to Ukraine, the war isn't over, and that's precisely the problem.
Eastern Europe is fine for hitching, I've hitched in Poland, Ukraine, Hungary and Romania.
don't know, compared to Ukraine it is tiny but at more than half of Ukraine's GDP PPP
Folk music
What's the point of banning people if they don't have any intention to visit?
It kind of just looks like you're an outsider practicing whataboutism on r/Europe.
but skin of fried river fish is delicious
Putin's an asshole, though
It only will happen when Lithuanian annexes Belarus and Poland get's Ukraine.
Well, it is real, believe it or not
I used to help out in a hospital a bit: so many people, often wounded and injured from the fighting, are locals.
Ukraine immigrants can provide solution for both groups as example.
I assume that he's arguing that Ukraine does not have legitimacy as an independent state because it had not been resisting in significant degree before World War I.
Maybe I phrased it poorly
Looks so sad about it lmao
is to blame,is from a descriptivist point trying to shift the blame/make stalin a scapegoat
On the other hand, people usually know their regular commute, and being stuck in traffic all the time is still judged as inability to alter your commute/get on it earlier to compensate the delay, etc
It basically solidified the reputation of FIFA as one of the most corrupt organisation in the world
Well, in my experience, you absolutely can.
With Russia sadly out of the picture, I'm torn between Romania and Germany
This is not the first war in ME or Africa that has produced a large number of refugees, nor will it be the last.
We will see a solution where the conflict in Eastern Ukraine might end, but Crimea won't go back to Ukraine any time soon I would wager.
When they stop trying to lick Putin's boots.
I somehow relate to those seemingly inflated prices
In Bieszczady it's quite common picture.
Newer buildings with apartments for sale often have completely stripped concrete walls and floors with a few wires here and there ([like this] but there's a metal door, and windows/balconies are insulated with plastic systems
The ones that accept refugees mostly just accept refugees from Ukraine.
Sure, the region contributed quite a lot to GDP numbers and exports, especially when various production chains are taken into account, but on the other hand, it was IIRC a net drain on the budget due to massive subsidies to coal industry ($1,5B a year or so, more than the value of coal mined), huge gas discounts for *certain* steel and chemical businesses etc.
Though, obviously, it's good for the current corrupt Ukrainian, **and** Russian, elites.
Even though I learned manual and started with it, I don't like it very much.
The closest word-to-word would be Great Fatherland War or somrthing like that
And a bunch of those Ukrainian songs are pretty good.
I wish Europeans were as much concerned about thousands of Ukrainians killed in the Russian proxy war as they are now about a Russian singer being banned from entering Ukraine because she violated the Ukrainian law.
Just drawing a paralel, East wants to Separate from Ukraine cause it feels closer to Russia than to Ukraine.
Tell me more about knowing how to party please.
I've been wanting to get a parcel somewhere.
Just remember that those poor people shot six of their opponents dead before that happened.
And that's still the case
It's a slang form of 'though.' Thou is the old English(shakesperian) way of saying you.
Back to more modern times, we haven't forgotten Ukraine.
Russia treats their allies like shit.
You're crazy for Easter
I have no idea about the dots in Ukraine.
Its Kharkiv region, large portion of the population would gladly set on fire anything that has to do with the current government or the military.
Everyone is fine, unless it's muslim
I don't see why, Ukraine a country effectively left alone like Czechoslovakia or Poland was during the 30's and 40's the target of higher expectations ?
You guys are alright in our book
Why did they approve it
It's a common knowledge that Ukraine is incredibly corrupt.
Danke
_Nay, thou art not dead, Ukraine,_
That some tribe just "call" other tribe: "Please, take my taxes, fuck my women, be my guest?"
The concept of Ukraine as independent state is an insult for Russians which deny the existence of Ukrainian identity, history and language.
ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has expressed "strong condemnation of Russia's actions" in eastern Ukraine and warned that **Ukraine-related sanctions** against Russia will not be lifted until Crimea is returned to Kyiv.
Georgia is our Caucasian brother
Jeremy Corbyn, the party's leader, wrote editorials defending Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
I always wanted to check what really old sources from different countries wrote about us as we all know translations are often biased and it's hard to get your hands on copy of orginal.
A treaty where Ukraine could sue Russia for annexing Crimea?
If I remember correctly, the proper was to write Білоруський in English is "Belarus". As in "Belarus President" or "Belarus potatoes". Or at least that's what I've been taught in the University back in 2010 when I learned Political translation
Idk man stalker was made by a Ukrainian studio
**Been ruled by Hungarians since middle ages.
One time I consecutively saw three hedgehogs ~100 m one from another (maybe they were a family)
Edit-2: ha, try it with the other spellings using their respective language for pronunciation
[Discussion] If Putin can invade Ukraine whilst Obama is in power, what will his limit be with Trump in power?
I live in Moscow and visit Keivsky train station every day.
Last time our MoP tried to vote by raising hands, we got snap elections.
Arming keys (PAL) are still controlled by Americans.
I admire everyone who still stays in Ukraine, i would have departed westward at the first opportunity.
The Ukraine of today is trying to make people believe it had some special Golodomor, by evil muscovites against ukrainians, which is not true.
Ukraine might have it bad, but Moldova is still a league of its own.
Kyrgystan is also the least inside of Russian sphere in a whole region (except, maybe, for Turkmenistan, but that's a completely seperate conversation)
If it goes south — sure, I won't argue with that
Even without NATO assistance Ukraine would force RF to pay huge price in that case.
But we arrived to the station at 22:10, or so
6 years is a lot of time to figure out a more effective approach than "Let them do whatever they want and then sanction them".
Ukraine's problem is not Poroshenko per se.
Although, as a teen, I genuinely wanted to partake in an average peasant community's life for a bit
For example, if Goldstar decides to produce flat screen TVs in Europe, it will build a plant in Poland rather than Ukraine even if wages are three times higher in Poland, because it is far more advantageous to produce inside the single market.
At least those are words and not just dying whale sounds
There are people that speak Russian and pass it to their children, and believe it's very convenient that we can speak Russian in some former Soviet countries
Since you're from Ukraine, why do you think Moldova is so grey?
To be fair, isn't that what the Dutch people voted against?
It looks like a scene from WW2 but this is the frontline in Ukraine at Xmas 2016 as troops take to TRENCHES in the fight against pro-Russian rebels
* Blue - because it's the most traditional colour associated with Europe
The only ridiculous thing is that I was obliged to get education in Russian in Ukraine, not in Ukrainian which is Native to me and the official language
That makes train travel way more expensive
But it's safe to assume people outside of the US know it better than the US Americans themselves know the outside world
In the NPT all nuclear powers promised to work towards a world free of these weapons.
When *Kazka - Плакала* came out a couple of years ago, you didn't even have to own a device to listen to it - you could just open up your balcony, and there was some dude playing it loudly from another balcony
He's point is that for Europe, ergo EU Ukraine should be way more important then Syrians (sorry guys) and rest of ME /Africa.
Also for /u/CrocPB
Ukraine is a sovereign nation though.
There were much more efficient things to get than that.
Foreign businesses invested USD 3.8 billion in Ukraine last year, having doubled the investments as compared to 2015
And since the Ukraine sees Russia as the enemy in this conflict why would they give them resources?
Aside from that, it would take very little for the local government to start a Ukraine like civil war and insurgence............
His whole point was that Ukrainian offensive not far from the crash site endangered Dutch investigators on the crash site, not that Ukraine shelled it.
measures, so that's kind of accounted for.
One of the easiest languages to learn as a foreign language
I would copy Swiss anal-retentiveness about social and public property and issues
Drinking to become a little drunk and have a good time or relax is considered OK - this is why people drink
Russia would be part of the US by now.
It's not a true war between Russia and Ukraine,Russia is simply supporting the separatists.If they really wanted to take Ukraine,they'd reach Kiev in a matter of hours.
For me it is
Croatia has pritty high one, europewise.
In my part of Ukraine no one even gives a shit about all that nationalistic stuff, mostly worried about terrible wages and surviving.
Ukraine isn't best country in the world and I really glad you left too.
I play mostly The New Order for hoi iv
All I'm saying is that significant progress has been made toward fixing that problem, with reforms like this declaration one.
but some of the people are legit nazis.
This flag was the official flag of independant Belarus after USSR collapsed in 1991
Or Burgundian System Komi
In Prypiat trees are everywhere
Someone with a lot of candy in his mouth describing the taste
Almost all the bars here have a choice of dishes
They flew in more troops than agreed, the troops moved outside their permanent stations without notice, there weren't any provisions for them to force the parliament to vote at gunpoint etc.
Edit: grammar
I can see already the slogans "Ukraine wants to hijack our welfare state!"
Also, what first was unusual to me while learning English and German, is that they don't have that many commas
Ukraine could tell any kind of shit since they get blindly supported by the west against any russian-related issue.
It has always been made out to be such a great feat.
Now "розташована" is the same word as "розташоване" but of female gender
I happen to think the contrary, seeing how Putin is starting to cut his expenses and tone down his retoric.
Russian
I only hope I get it right
I mean I just took the face from the second photo and placed it over the first one
Ukrainian too: January is січень [sičen']
But it's Russia that invaded Ukraine and annexed a large part of it, shouldn't they be the one that gets punished for it rather than Ukraine which did nothing to deserve it?
At that point in time, from themselves.
Budjak is a better name than South Bessarabia IMO
* Sviatoslav (the one who glorifies holiness);
It is so worrying how the Ukraine conflict becomes mentioned less day by day.
The thing is, if Russia wants to start something in Belarus it will probably go down exactly the same way as Ukraine.
Khazaria was originally smaller and only went on to include most of Ukraine at its peak.
You should keep doing even if there are no other people supporting you
> Zaporizhia was located in the region around Kakhovka Reservoir in today's south-eastern Ukraine (much of its territory is now flooded by the reservoir)
Those countries as collective can put up a show as a united front all they like, Putin has managed to successfully chip away the weak links these last few years and will continue to do so without any use of tanks.
Besides, open auction alternative wasn't that much better - the only people with any assets were either organised crime or old party elite.
We just learned to ignore borders.
I just cannot wrap my head around uncooked meat
Why should we support the wishes of kosovars but not the crimeans?
Putin will come to sign return of Crimea riding a shiny Unicorn
Same for those who try to speak in my language, there is no reasons to feel ashamed
Those are different kinds of unpredictable from Russia attacking Ukraine.
In reality i suspect they will only be lifted if Russia GTFO from east Ukraine.
Sunce slobode sada nam sviće
It's just we don't hear much about them.
Looks strange compared to its neighbors
Makes traveling outside the EU even more inaccessible to many people.
BTW, Olha's son was named Sviatoslav, and her grandson was Volodymyr the Great who adopted Christianity
There a presidential election in Austria this past weekend and there was a huge fear that a far-right candidate from a party founded by a former Nazi would be elected.
Being kind is not the same as being weak or not confident
Nothing like a war and foreign enemy to crank up repressive laws that allow kleptocrats to get into lucrative positions.
Side effect of increased gender equality: women are more 'people', less 'women'.
US provoked USSR for huge military spendings.
Furthermore the trend is positive for us while for Russia it's negative.
People here buying lots of packages of rice, pasta and toilet paper
Here "розташоване" is the word "located" conjugated in the present time, neutral gender, singular number and according to it's group of verbs
And then forcibly changing the local laws by taking the city's officials hostage and throwing them into a dungeon
Your "Novorossiya" project failed, even in Russia you must realize this.
8 Fantastic Luxury Hotels In Ukraine
Most likely she'll be joining saakashvilis political party, she's Ukrainian now and defo will be back.
When you don't cover the entire conflict you are not being genuine about the story you are telling.
The fact that according to the secret protocol to the Molotov–Ribbentrop pact Baltic states, Finland and Eastern Poland became the Soviet "sphere of influence" is taught.
Track suits yes, everything else - ahem, what
December is pretty depressing, in January it starts to become better and better
With some good Troyans whom he gathered
Also, Plarium has a big office in Kharkiv, so Raid: Shadow Legends is partly Ukrainian
make open and fair voting and be done with this shit.
Early Modern English snippet is more flowery than the Middle Enligh one
Also, some coutry-side dialects sound a bit childish to my ear
There are a lot of different flavors of it in Ukraine(orange, mint and strawberry, blackberry), but they all suck ass imo
I like how people claim BS the fact that Russia says they didn't send any tanks, but nobody ever questions the validity of the accusation in the first place.
I can understand being against Ukraine joining the EU right now, but how can you be against an association process that is aimed to lift Ukraine on an EU level?
Lynxes and bears are pretty rare in Ukraine and they usually prefer to hide or run, but boars are pretty wide-spread and they can attack you if they feel threatened
I think it's important that people from the establishment are not the outcasts in the society
I'm not sure that being a successor state has legal weight in terms of determining whether a citizen should wind up.
> What are they like
fun fact : if you take 20th sentury russian leaders, you will find pattern: bold - with hair - bold - with hair -...
For example, the Russian  **Г** is **Ґ** in Ukrainian (notice the diacritic)
The Byzantine Empire seems very much an independent Greek state though, there was not much Roman left in it by 500 AD or so
All Bilorussian was discriminated in favour of rassian
It'd also help if, when the vast majority of the people in the East voted for a president and that president won the election, he wasn't overthrown and replaced with someone more pleasing to the people of Western Ukraine.
Uh, this is NOT a good advice for someone who has never been to a 120C sauna before
You literally can't see the irony yourself - an occupier comes to your land and you play into his narratives because you don't see the USSR as an occupier too
The population was mainly ukrainian, rather denationalized romanian (moldavian) and russian.
As a Ukrainian I do not feel European.
I haven't seen Putin invade other countries though.
Yes Andronovo people were tested and they were R1a-Z93(Allensoft et al.
Russians went to **western** Ukraine to blow up a monument.
Pretty everything in government education system
As he wrote on his Facebook, 'I've known him for over 20 years, we are friends.
Ukraine Parliament Member: President Poroshenko Is Corrupt
It seems he had some agreements and plans.
Compensations for victims are paid.
Ukraine has reached the level of Saudi Arabia, who deny entry if they see an Israeli stamp on your passport.
[Yep] We have one
Entering occupied Ukrainian territory via uncontrolled border crossings is illegal in Ukraine and may get you on a blacklist if you've visible enough.
I see few reports on the war in Ukraine in Western Media.
Maybe both
Do you belive that the processes in Ukraine is democratic?
Basically the USSR "planted" population seeds in order to "russify" the nations within the iron courtain (mostly those that were part of the USSR itself) and a generation later the results are in: it worked!
But I say Russia
We could learn a lesson from Russia
The EU is a defensive alliance in itself, even without NATO we'd out-man, out-gun, out-everything Russia.
Hold on, you recognize Russia has been doing nothing but ruining your country in the recent history yet you don't want to put sanctions on them after they invaded Ukraine ?
Donetsk and Lugansk People's Republics, in the east of Ukraine.
I'm just finishing work, so I'll only leave one small remark: Well, NATO are vying to get the Eastern Bloc into the club, aren't they?
Lol their dislike of thise alleged things makes them Putins bitch?
Because, we need Gotland so bad rn.
Maybe you dislike it because you've seen shitty example from places like Skopje that tries to combine modern class facedes and classical architecture and use shitty materials so it looks tacky and kitch.
We had a short time of diplomatic prosperity, where we settled difficult things, like Crimea and Ukraine having the second largest nuclear stockpile, through diplomacy.
If you are a counscious human being, you are responsible for your deeds.
I love how you're desperately trying to use any negative news about Ukraine to justify your retarded, illegitimate "referendum" (on what subject again?
Historically, Russian has been in contact with Polish, Ukrainian, Belarusian, and Church Slavonic (the language of the Bible which linguistically is a South Slavic language)
China doesn't care about European borders.
(unlimited internet + 500sms and 500 minutes on other operators and in some European countries
Except from belonging to the same country for the best part if the last two centuries, you have nothing to do with Russia or Ukraine.
Pro-russian rebels are openly demanding the extermination of Ukrainians as distinct ethnic group.
Meanwhile, a state like Ukraine was invaded because it was a totally winnable fight.
Alliens invade
That's cause Ukraine and Georgia are mostly irrelevant to them whereas Russia loves them and helps them out a lot.
I probably consider farmland and military equipment production to be among the top assets Ukraine has.
Same
All fairytale-ish bears are *Mikhail*s, sometimes even *Mikhail Potapovich* (Mikhail, son of Potap), which is a play on words meaning "Bear son of Stomper" or just "stomping bear".
They allow people to interact with each other and actually know your neighbors
I love Putin for not letting his country getting pillaged unlike his predecessors, I find their versions of truth more accurate and believable than anything occupying our mainstream airwaves, I love them for standing up against Western propaganda and imperialism, I love them for providing a counterbalance against the American hegemony, I love them for intervening in Ukraine against the neo nazis, I love them for taking Crimea following a transparent referandum, and I love them for standing up with the elected, secular and legitimate government of Syria against foreign jihadist mercenaries propped up by Western allies just so they can get their pipeline deal to buy cheaper natural gas.
The Russian sponsored and created war in East Ukraine isn't the EU's fault but a nationalistic and paranoid geopolitically thinking on Russia's part.
Ukraine and Belarus using Czech word, and we Czechs using German word.
It would be a clusterfuck because every single civilisation on Earth has committed murder and theft at some point.
It is as if Mexico sever all ties with the US just to spite them, that'll show them.
Before all this, they had all of Ukraine basically in their pockets and Europe was being overly nice to them even though they were still the same plotting bastards that just took a chunk of Georgia.
Nuclear Talks with Iran recently, economic activities like trips to China with several representatives of smaller member countries).
And don't forget that Russia accepted Ukraine's borders officially after the Soviet Unions breakup.
While I wouldn't proclaim to fully understand the issues between ethnic Russians and Ukrainians in Ukraine, I don't think they are in quite the state of Iraq.
Even if it was, locals would be super happy.
We Crimeans to decide with whom we should be.
Those who want to live in Russia should go live there.
Well South Korea does have a 70% approval rating of the US of the US, and the Philippines is at 85, Ukraine doesn't like us very much(47%).
I'll definitely keep it in mind it mind though.
Nor does that justify the atrocities the Red Army committed in its invasion
If the house is 70-100 years old, it doesn't look interesting or homey - it's just very old and tiny, and often doesn't have conveniences
We have a low-priced markets with the most idiotic name ever - Thrash
So our media aren't exactly impartial at the moment and that probably won't change in the nearest future
\[The\] order of \[the\] words can be changed almost in any way in Ukrainian
See, no one wants to insult Baltic countries:)
Sorry if this is a stupid question, what are the dots?
, also r europe:
unlike article 5, doesn't contain an obligation
But we have limits on amount of alcohol to bring with you back in Belarus.
_And the skies, O brethren,_
Chicken Kiev
But the same can be said about the NATO treaty.
use the stolen meat to make little figures and say they are people
Who was the successor of Roman Empire?
Yeah, it's a cliche message copied from the internet
But because Hitler and nazism was the biggest issue, and USSR was seen as the solution - people in the west ignored them.
This may be just a hunch but this list is going to keep growing
She was absolutely happy to go there since the camp has a childrens' club sort of thing in the city where she's a regular so she knew a lot of people from there already
Yeah, Putin reversed the correlation.
Brown bear in Carpathians and Polissya, wisent, steppe viper and forest viper(Ukraine)
France must reopen talks with Russia, centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron told journalists on Wednesday.
You don't feel it
Freezing cold water feels warm
I wonder why critical posts of Ukraine have a positive karma and all others not?
Moon - Місяць - male
Again
I'm guessing Transylvania or Bucovina, cause it looks very similar to the traditional clothing we have here
The tatars are long gone for the most part, but the Russians are still there.
*Svoboda* didn't even get into the parliament last elections.
So all they have is a guy with funny hair and beard (who supposedly fought in the Ukraine), an old fart with cancer and the schizophrenic clown from Serbia (who already attempted to kill the US ambassador).
Yet you moderate in a place that circlejerks over nuking NATO and Ukraine so maybe you aren't the best person to believe?
On the Parliament and local elections sometimes it was possible to vote for the people who I really respect, like volunteers or war heroes
The EU should not let Ukraine down like this.
Good job, now Russia can spin this right around their agenda.
And we are with a fork at the party.
If not, there are a lot of options to hire
It is not artificially carbonated and flavored.
Paying closer attention now thanks to this valuable lesson
And since Ukraine still recognizes it as their territory, well.
EU cant just give, we need to make ourselves.
Some of them joined volunteer battalions.
Can I hear more
I am really scared about my country now and the lives of me and my people.
It's translated "kin's land", not motherland
Hope it works
Even if Belarus has always stanced itself as close ally to Russia, Lukashenko has been doubting Putin and relations with Moscow quite a lot lately.
You "make the oaktree" or "throw out the shoes" or "glue [together] the flippers". No biting
And the only one we had is the Columbine imposer on annexed territories
Is Krusovice considered top tier in Czechia?
We still very well of compared to the rest of world, and we are trying to improve
Russia is quite large, they can go wherever they please in Russia.
...Or maybe they are in Ukraine
Schrödinger is both dead and alive until we open the casket.
But otherwise we have two different words for "dream": сон and мечта
It's actually *potathos*.
They never leave it, it's Eastern Europe
We like to omit "the", "a", "an" wherever because we don't have them in neither our language or any neighbouring language
American system is relatively OK (even if the amount is a bit high).
_We, whose sires were mighty_
) your life is decent enough
You are talking as if Russians are immortal or something
This asshole performed his duties with flair and gusto, and always with that asshole smirk on his face.
I did my first backpacking trip last year as an 18 year old Canadian as well.
They should align fully with Russia instead of keeping up pretenses.
Like, Russia can't even afford a fucking Windows license
Building contraction and decay isn't exclusive to poor people's apartments, but when you have money, you can afford the maintenance
Originally from contemporary Poland or Ukraine most likely.
But Brexit was one of the really improtant issues during his time as foreign minister (the other one was obviously OSCE/Minsk/Ukraine) and he is pretty up to date on this one.
Coming from the one of the border states, we just don't trust that centralised army would help us if shit hits the fan.
Well after Russians hacking the US election, making war on Ukraine and Georgia, and supporting Assad and his murderous regime in Syria, I can only applaud this American action.
Intermarum when
**The sun** --> *"сонце/sontse"* neuter, depicted as a freckled child's face
Unfortunately, you lost more sphere of influence by taking Crimea.
Excuse me
Ducky Trump and cancels out all the sanctions and slowly reversing the effects of sanctions that have been slapped on them due to their crimes in
Whilst Ukraine doesn't have a lion on its national coat of arms
My mom suffered a forced famine, as in, government agents would come and take whatever they wanted and you could say nothing or get shot
DT says a lot of things that are common believe in EE.
[Boombox - Your Number/Ivy] (2nd part is using lyrics from a 19 century Ukrainian poet, probably the most known Ukrainian woman)
The guy was examining my passport for about ten minutes, asked me a ton of questions and had to call over somebody else to help him decide wether or not the picture was of me in the passport.
The ones who do have it are a spineless PM at the helm of a sinking ship, and a populist deputy PM who's pretty much a giant walking, talking conflict of interest.
That's literally how they think
There were a lot of famines in the eastern Ukraine - southern Russia region.
Also TV and movie Ukrainian dub sometimes loves to use it :)
Slovaks	**5,6k**
Western Europe - all of Europe except Ukraine, Belarus, Russia and Caucasus,
And slavs have been ypur neighbors flr thousand years already and another thousands will follow.
I also wanted to ask Americans and EU citizens: what do you think about the situation
[[1]] In the whole year 2015, only 637 Lithuanians obtained work permit in Belarus[[2]] while 481 Belarussians obtained work permit in Lithuania.[[3]]
So it's not a foreign army invading Ukraine, but a civil war for the most part.
Rather, it had to be stored in a secured vault, generating expenses.
All over Ukraine, usually in smaller numbers at a time, of course
There are no restrictions on foreign media in Eastern Ukraine, so why do you never see videos or articles from VICE, BBC, CNN and the list goes on?
That's some expensive vodka
This could literary be anywhere in Ukraine captures a year ago by a Pro-Russian separatist.
Not to mention that this whole Ukraine thing started because Ukraine decided they dont want to be Putin's buddies anymore.
Can't see any snow
I don't mean it's impossible to learn Ukrainian, you just need a lot of work and time
Outside of daily politics Finland still has the same practical attitude and relationship it has had before, and official on both sides of the border have pretty direct line of communication.
I would've said if anyone is going to trigger the ww3 it will be them (and what do you know, a year later they were in Ukraine...).
Definitely not in Odesa
Romania was never soviet though.
For Ukraine, its not worth anything really.
Titushki raid is a widely used term in Ukrainian mass media and by the general public to describe street beatings, carjackings and kidnappings by unidentified men in civilian clothes from behind the lines of political rallies
Mussolini started off as a socialist before ww1
I've heard a sad story about a refuge from Ukraine ( a girl) that got beat up for her Ukrainian accent by her female classmates(Russophones).
Checked the [youtube channel] where the video of the ruined monument was posted yesterday.
We don't care about Ukraine as such but the country is strategically located and will be utilized by our enemies against us if they succeed and we fail.
Same with cargo trains filled with cheap Ukrainian stuff that people buy when they have no other choice.
They would most likely have it by now if it wasn't for Putin's adventures in Ukraine.
Also good for a lot of us EU citizens with friends and relatives in Ukraine or Georgia!
Crimean thing could happen because absolute majority of population preferred to be part of Russia rather than Ukraine.
Minsk agreements involved keeping the East a part of Ukraine, that's a start.
Locals love to feed them but don't adopt
In the ukrainian language it means: angry/fearsome.
I have a feeling that the Baltic states fears are very much real.
Main problem - it is not like there is a union about this question between politics
We Don't Go To ~~Ravenholm~~ Bessarabia
None of them died when they were taking Crimea.
That's basically how they tried to justify occupation of Donbass.
Surely you're not talking about the one next to Muscovy
It's not free, it's financed from taxes - it's long waiting times (not in an emergency case), doctors can treat you like shit (you will still come back to them), treatment quality can be low and more harmful than the disease, doctors get a lower wage
Our visit to Ukraine in our converted campervan!
There is no need for political dialog, and constitutional reform in Ukraine is complete irrelevant to the situation there.
The same misinformation and covert influence was present in the states and their election.
I really like ours, even though it's kinda desperate and we are always on the brink of death or dying, but the lyrics are very inspiring
It is even more popular than the country's national language, Ukrainian
And the church also decided that this should be the start of the big lent
Krushchov
Also, what first was unusual to me while learning English and German, is that they don't have that many commas
Germany OTOH is the main Russia supporter in the EU both financially and politically
People found out about her when Russia picked her for Eurovision.
* The criminal situation also not encouraging for optimism
yet
Canada is our brothers, too
Anyway the situation in Ukraine since so-called euromaidan has always been more ambiguous than how "our" media depicted it.
army in it
Ah, good to see bird country where it belongs
The DNA, which is the anti-corruption device in this country just announced that the government ministers are now accused of favorizing the thiefs.
It's hard to tell but all the data from before 2014 reveals that they hardly want to join Russia or become independent.
Russia also's been trickling into Eastern Ukraine and already forcible seized Crimea, which they should have had a democratic election rather than invade it.
If they become Polish citizens, maybe.
Putin is totally unhinged
EU has been working on actively reducing its CO2 emission since 80-early 90th (While USA kept pumping more and more) and yet economy is still standing strong, and Germany manufacturing is huge
Numbers were confusing to me only in the first month of learning German
So it seems that people aren't just economical resource and statistics for everyone
They fled to Ukraine and were cooperating with Ukrainian prosecutors about the case of the former president Yanukovych.
Maybe the craziest theory I've heard is that Golden Horde has never existed and Mongols didn't invade Rus
But the old multicultural man has nothing to do about it, of course
She was just appointed a short while ago.
I'm totally with you, I would very wish that the occupants stopped terrorising civilians and get the fuck out of Ukraine.
That's the class of international crime we're dealing with here.
What alternate history are you describing ?
The literature here thst was written in say about 13-15 century is wuite easy to read if you speak Ukrainian
*Everything Is Illuminated*, at least this movie without cliche that all Ukrainians either in mafia or poor as fuck
He also said they are not involved in the East of Ukraine and have nothing to do with MH-17.
It is more of a standard to which both suppliers and retail can refer when an order is placed for grade A/grade B/...
In Ukraine I could be completely careless about money, in France I can't.
I think I’d choose Austria ️
Estonia and Lithuania basically renovated and modernized every "commie block" in their countries.
Who was that
Kek, just compare number of Nobel prizes affiliated with Cambridge and MSU.
And, IMHO, when Hungarians tell us what to do with our citizens, it's just your revanchism about Transcarpathia, which you confirm by telling us to refuse from our territories and citizens
Plus, our positions are not mutually exclusive, especially since the extent of the Russian aid to the separatists is not clearly determined.
"Come back alive" foundation, for supporting Ukrainian army.
There's not a single opposition TV channel in Russia after they REKT dozhd.
We do have stray cats and dogs in the streets
Yes it belongs to the people of Ukraine.
Putin is a strongman, his reputation rest on the fact that he is ''macho'' and ''strong'' and ''powerful'' and that he will restore Russian glory and might in this World.
These researchers then collaborated with Levada by getting hired by them, so they could do the polling in Crimea.
Lol tell me about 1940s...its 2020 my parents live on 70 dollars pensions, like most pensioneers here, they cant imagine eating like this without someone helping, i have absolutely no desire to become old and we are literally neighbouring countries, but we definitely live in different centuries, they wont throw away any of the things you show, most would just take it home instead of throwing it into the bin or sell for lower price
to be fair, public transport payment system is horrible in many EU cities
Seriously, I find it triggering too, Jesus Christ was it an awful time to live, and I lived in Western Ukraine then.
But anyway, it's still British decision and if they want to leave, it's their choice, I certainly wouldn't be mad at them.
I think the threat is not so much an open invasion, but something similar to Ukraine, with the support of separatist movements and covert invasion by unmarked forces
Belarussian is very close to Ukrainian, so I understand it almost perfectly, and what's funny - spoken is much easier than written
only to end up getting fucked by some government cronies.
In the meantime, I wonder why more sane people aren't also alarmed by [actual neo-nazis] with weapons and funding in Ukraine.
Now I know that our culture is being learned even outside Europe
Not bad
From the 'moral' point of view Russia shouldn't take Crimea and East of Ukraine.
According to [this table] szcz=щ, so technically хшон**щ** is correct
NATO head Stoltenberg calls on Russia to help staunch violence in Ukraine
The more you live the more you learn
Even when I read translated snippets of famous books that are originally in Ukrainian or Russian, I find the English translation more straight to the point, while the original is often very suffix-y and wordy; a lot of information comes from the author's tone
Okay, I'm done with this primitive nationalist garbage.
5 million people
However, these areas aren't a direct strategic requirement for the US.
The amount of cultivated poppy in individual households has greatly diminished since then
I know well that Trianon revanchism is an unofficial mainstream policy of your country, please don't act a fool
I don't know, I've never been to the US, but from people's accounts, it's noticeable there
Edit: 40k people for some dude in America
And for fields dominated by one gender (hard labor for men, nursery for women) it is just mostly just common sense and biology.
They did not revolt against Ukraine in order to join Russia.
Too bad Poland and Russia are not known to keep their word though :(
They'll make some noise and write a couple of strongly worded letters, but in a year they'll calm down and forget about it, so Putin can wipe his arse with those letters and take yet another town in Ukraine.
It's not that people love him, but he's *okay* enough to have a stable economy and don't rock the boat
* Ukrainian Revolution, Ukrainian People's Republic and Ukrainian State (of hetman Skoropadśky) during 1910's
"Soros conspiracy" is going strong here after recent elections in 2019
Warm - 10/15
Links please
So russia has to pay for every aggressive step it makes.
Sorry to disappoint you, but it's 2017 and we love Poland.
> Btw is he a good president
So it is бордоський маляр(a painter from Bordeaux) but бордоське вино(wine from Bordeaux) and бордоські порти(ports of Bordeaux)
Furthermore Russian military adventures in the Ukraine, with threats against Belarus and the Baltics, are not in line with the European model of solving disputes.
Just for regular people life was almost always pretty bad
Men work outside the house and women are in the house, and everyone is exhausted equally
Австро-Угорщина \[ Avstro-Uhorshchyna \]
Russians themselves were the greatest Nazis allies at the beginning of WW2, with the common deeds included their friendly devision of Poland, and then outnumbered any other of ethnic groups within the collaborationist forces
it s about taking something that you don't have right to take.
Don't forget about 1917-1921
It is is occupied, but there is no fighting as far as I know.
It contains no landmarks confirming it's location.
It wasn't possible even at that times.
Anyways Russian propaganda is the biggest threat for free europe since the end of the cold.
Do you know where is very intense tobacco smuggling - Ukraine/EU border.
How much public space we surrendered to farm fields and pastures; and to industries
Many Russians miss the days of the USSR
Most people live in cities (in concrete slabs) or suburbs of cities.
Did you notice the attacks/assaults on the activists all over the country
So If you want to make something really bad you better be woman.
In post soviet state . porns sometimes are referred as  "German movies"
As of now basic English transcriptions are used and many people are unhappy with the way their names get written.
The only country that didn't blame others for syphilis.
So 19,02% wanted no deal with Ukraine
Are YOU willing to fight against Russians in eastern Ukraine?
There are hotspots in Prypiat, but if you with a guide you will avoid it and route are pretty safe
There is little to gain and much to lose in invading Baltics for Russia, so I don't get why so many in Baltics believe Putin will inevitably start a war with them.
We do have stray cats and dogs in the streets
They are just enemies, no more, no less.
[Just look at him go] He's a former martial artist and a present-day criminal
That's Belarus
How do you (or the general public) see the war coming to an end?
Russia made these countries its enemies by invading Ukraine.
They should just decide it by referendum, if most people in Crimea want to be part of Russia then let them otherwise it should be part of Ukraine.
Export Ladas are better than ones that were made for domestic (Russia + post-Soviet countries) market
One of us
If that was the case, Yanukovych would have never been elected.
Still, it doesn't save them from endless jokes generated by two puns in English
Half of Ukraine was pro-EU, the other half was pro-Russia, he could have made a deal with both the EU and Russia.
I [like Wolski] if it makes it easier for you
When I was younger and we didn't have many items of clothing, home clothes were the ruined ones, with persistent stains or holes; now I just buy some soft linen/viscose/fleece items from thrift stores and wear them at home
My Carcano from 1917 was built there
1) Might be the difference between an analytic and synthetic language, but English affixes are mostly used to create derivatives (do - doer, relevant - irrelevant) but not to intensify the meaning (Ru: мужчина - мужчинка - мужик - мужичок - мужлан)
Political implications aside the state of Ukraine is sad.
I made the statement at 3 am when I wasn't thinking /too/ clearly.
Dude with a scarf: Oh, there's my mate Bartek, let me wave at him so he sees m...
For example he fired a woman "responsible" for culture in Lviv after she said that some districts lacked cultural facilities like library, cinema, theater and so on, but had a church and that church abused this situation because people did not have where else to go.
Yes, I've heard this one, too
_And we shall be masters_
Just that not every Russian, only a clear majority, supports it doesn't absolve you.
Or do Russians visit Ukraine as a vacation location?
it is so cool in Germany, Denmark to get fresh steaming loaf of bread early in the morning at local Bäckerei
Eastern Ukraine conflict: A new, bloody chapter
It's a less offensive relative of beer with a tiny bit of alcohol content from fermenting
If there's anything that the Ukraine crises proved is that Western Europe is unwilling and possibly unable to provide security to this region, as such the US is the only solution.
How about we gang up on Transnistria some time?
There have been countless occasions where I had to explain why my mother is Hungarian even though she's technically from Ukraine.
[Source \(in French\)]
When did Ukraine become Europe?
But still Russia has flamed the conflict in the East of Ukraine and keeps on supplying so-called "rebels" with weapons.
The referendum part is just a legalization of invasion in the eyes of the international community, and based on this thread, it worked
Ye because the EU and Russia are *totally* to blame for the economic situation in Ukraine from 1991-2014.
Rusyn is generally old name of Ukrainians
**Konstanty Ostrogski** (Grand Hetman of Lithuania, ruled in Ukrainian land)
Don't forget that Ukraine is fighting a war on it's own soil and because of this lawless situation gave terrorist the opporunity to shoot down a plane flying at high altitude.
If Europe unites, we could easily stop him bullying Ukraine, Georgia or other neighboring states.
Unlawful government wishing to strengthen the EU-ties, and we all clap in our hands.
We have Rav-Kav (meaning multi line )
Warm - 10/15
Cafes, food, and drinks are nice, especially for tourists, because everything's cheap
You're right, especially the part with the guy playing the buhai
Russia invading Ukraine showed how they really feel about nonproliferation, it's time we act on that knowledge.
If you want to go down that road the revolution wasn't legal in the first place.
People commit acts of terrorism in order to cause terror.
Such is life in eastern Europe((((
According to Mykola Skrypnyk, who was one of top officials of Ukraine at the time, and who committed suicide in 1933, 8 million Ukrainians perished just in Ukraine and North Caucasus.* Ukrainians were pretty much ethnically cleansed from North Caucasus by Holodomor.
that evening (almost) all food is made of chicken (mostly in a form of a soup) and everybody eats shared food all of which came from the guests
Zvidky Vy
Well, in totalitarian state Big Brother likes to know where you are
After all, the Donbass operation has proceeded very differently from the Crimean annexation/liberation.
and the money be better invested in renewable energy sources for now.
This is just one illustration of why our homes are shoes-free
China and France gave security assurances for Ukraine in separate documents.
Dictators are usually not the most reasonable people
You have a lot of work to do before you get to where Romania was 10 years ago.
Their friends and relatives started to bring them goods and post pictures on facebook.
For a lot of people (at least in Germany) a lot of the Eastern European countries are still a problem, they do not want another one.
Mean :(
Russian athletics coaches can't work without doping: deputy PM
Future
There's a fuckton of Serbs in most ex-Yugoslavian countries, a fuckton of Russians in post-soviet states and Russia isn't content with it's place in the world
We've got our independence, and Russians are even more salty now
Fuck, you literally need a car to go anywhere.
I don't want the EU in its current form.
But Ukraine also has about [830 small towns] (селища міського типу), which also have more than 1000 inhabitants each
Add to that the many historical issues Russia never bothered to clear up with many members of the EU (as a counter example take Germany) and there you have a few reasons.
Slavs called themselves, and still do, slovyany.
>I'm on social benefits due to a lifelong physical disability
What I love about the EU it's that you need to bribe too many politicians to change policies of the whole bloc unlike with the US for example.
When coup d'etat happened in Ukraine, they were threatened by "trains of friendship" with brigades of radical Ukrainian nationalists from Western Ukraine.
\- Yuri Gagarin, the son of a milkmaid, to Soviet kids
The United Republic and The Kingdom of Britain
Excuse me, my history is a bit dizzy
Ukraine's partial invasion makes sense from a purely realpolik, cost/benefit point of view.
Regarding Ukraine - plain lies that Russian propaganda tells are not their point of view.
Ducks, goose are pretty common
But you know that
I used to get those on the 19th.
Sure, it's not as fast at changing and economic growth, but on the other side you get stability
The data is a bit outdated
It's ridiculous that you skip the very fact that Russia started the war and get to picking on what Ukraine is doing
It's probably too late to write but salo with chocolate, I don't think anyone has it but Ukraine
Nordic is arguable, very arguable, at least for now, but Baltics being Northern Europe is the right way to go and call.
If you haven't, also try [Bulgarian folk] I mean, if you enjoy folk music
its outlandish claims about Ukraine?
Brexit: There is a perfectly credible case for a second EU referendum, says former PM John Major
Well the difference here is that Königsberg was won in war while Crimea going to Ukraine was largely an administrative act in the 50s...
But I see where he is coming from.
Families live together in clans which isn't perfect for mental health and personal boundaries
Ukraine is a fully recognized country, hence their territory should not be touched by foreign parties.
USSR was absolutely egalitarian.
Historically, neighbours don't get along.
We already saw that with Ukraine.
We don't use scissors with food generally
For Ukraine, where I come from, it's a highly loaded topic.
Western politicians inspired and supported their "maidan" coup, Ukraine ceased to exist in its former borders and collapsed in a few regions.
I guess it's pretty standard: the capital for being assholes who hemmorage money, Lviv for being posh (Lviv also gets a whole separate nomination because they fancy themselves the Silicon Valley of Ukraine) and Donbass for being postindustrial degenerates who literally shot themselves in the foot to show them khokhols
Yes it is, but a lot of the doomsday scenarios people are talking about are not.
Sure but an error can be the difference between something passing and not.
Can I take a flair in mobile web version
Foreigners entering occupied Ukrainian territory (Crimea, occupied parts of Donetsk/Luhansk provinces) via uncontrolled border crossings are subject to Ukraine travel bans.
Baltics nationals,what has happened in your place since Russia invaded Ukraine?
if they could they would have went to war in Montenegro like with Ukraine but with countries that dont share border they just try a coup.
The reality is that most russians are proud of their country
but it entirely depends on you and your kids' personal decision.
If the US and Russia were able to get the nukes away from them, then the nukes obviously weren't enabling Ukraine to protect it's citizens.
This has the other side too
Dancing Lasha Tumbai by Verka Serduchka
Did she really attend there to show how Ukraine is all to blame?
Russia used to be like Ukraine in the 90's.
Which clone exactly
How will the politicians in Europe make money
The Soviets had different biases under different rulers.
Are you really born if you can't burn
They have even organized a fukin referendum in order to further continue blackmailing(like you guys did for Ukraine, only difference being that we "lived together" since ages and in one point of history they have almost became Croats(dangerous territory here)..
Eurovision entries are surely second to that :)
But cackling Juno, dog-gone-daughter,
Russia is annexing Ukraine, And we do nothing?!
That not  exhaustive list, though
Russia operates like a big ass mafia.
*Водяник* (vodianyk) in Ukrainian mythology
* Liudmyla (liked by people);
Yes, I know it
Thus in the 1940s the Dutch paediatrician Dr
Onion and bow (for archery) are both "лук" (look)
But today wheat fields still have wild red poppies in them, as well as daisies and cornflowers
Americans liberated some territories
Kosovo is now 51 state of of US?
The alternative spelling is Рига :>
IMO Scottish has very distinct pronunciation of many consonants that helps the Slavic ear a lot, whereas English accents often just mangle words to oblivion
Is there alot of Turks in the Ukraine?
Natasha Romanoff's Russian is your typical Hollywussian
But his accent is some mix of American English and
UK+ France is enough to defend Europe against Russia.
Age problems
Russian empire: screwing Tatars since 18th century.
I guess none of your relatives died from famine, or in Finland or Romania for a piece of land for Stalin
> We also have Bidets
I don't remember, why
Oooh Ireland why are you not in Schengen zone
yup, in March and somewhere in middle of autumn
May to September: below 23
Couple of years ago I've been to Moldova.
From a sizeable collection of Baux Art to these forts.
* Santa Barbara
but still blame Ukraine
I think it's kinda easy saying that from here in Spain...
In some thousand years from now we would be able to get on same level as Poland.
Good thing it resolved peacefully
Sadly the Russians won't give up that part of Ukraine.
Am I a joke to you
Ukraine is already "willingly" joining Russia.
It is somewhat amusing to see that being used as an argument when Russia has been guilty of doing that exact same thing, especially in Ukraine for a very long time.
We have a little pond and Russia as neighbors.
We were incomparably better off than we were during the 90s, but people perceived those reforms as harsh and till this day most people still hate the prime minister who lead us through all those reforms.
You are right but "we" are neither Ukraine nor Russia, why should we pretend?
It is annoying but people believe this is some form of showing respect
Nationalism is on the rise now in Russia, especially after Crimea and the war in Ukraine.
Mostly positive
In my family it’s more like special occasion dish, but it’s sold in pretty much every supermarket
Zhyvchik
We don't share a border with Russia or Ukraine and we don't have a large russian minority like the Baltic countries which means we probably would not be the very first target of Russian agression.
Documentation is only in Ukrainian
By that definition Eastern Europe is basically Russia/Ukraine/Belarus.
It is mainly Ukraine who attempted to influence the US presidential elections in a major way.
One is a whole lot more feasible than the other.
Lies, almost everyone I know eats salo
Nice: +8C — +13C
I visited Ukraine, absolutely fantastic country.
"Yep, this mountain on top looks nice, let's make this place our home"
here is a satellite image from NATO in August 2014 that proves Russian military operations WITHIN Ukraines borders
I believe that sending troops was completely unnecessary and things just got worse for everyone because of that.
Russian ultranationalism will in the end hurt Russia must but you are zombified and will never understand that.
Even then I doubt they'd be so brash as to just roll tanks into a NATO country when they haven't even done that yet with Donbass in Eastern Ukraine, clearly not a NATO member.
I wholeheartedly agree
In third quarter GDP of Ukraine grew by 1.8% yoy.
Literally nothing to see except hundreds of stores and thousands of people going there
Also, I must to provide reports on all transactions on my bank account for last 3 month.
I don't think I've ever been to a residential house with modern wooden ones
Strangely enough for our country, it's being perfectly enforced/followed and people just walk out to smoke without complaints (and it can be down to -25C in winter).
-15% in economy size on territory currently under control of government over 2 years.
You know it's not really a human right to either visit Ukraine or to participate in the ESC?
First of all, I would like to point out that I myself am generally pretty pro-Ukraine and anti-Russian imperialism (as well as pro-national self-determination); indeed, this question of mine is purely out of curiosity on my own part.
Heated reddit user moment
Nah, Ruthenia sounds much cooler
Well, Ukraine did a lot of things to disrupt Crimea
surrender to the Ukrainian armed forces and work on rebuilding both their states, and their relationships with the rest of Ukraine.
I myself agree that Ukrainian government and president can do much more, and I suppose everyone of them deserves some jail time for their past deeds.
His entire argument is that the west was aggressive blabla, and he presents no proof of western involvement besides saying so.
Ukraine had literally an uneducated criminal as President, who didn't know that simple fact.
Everything facing the client, whether it's a service person, a menu, or a website, has to be in Ukrainian by default
A 24 year old woman kneels over the corpse of her 60 year old mother, who was killed in a grad rocket strike while out on her morning walk in Avdiika, Ukraine.
For those who've been to Singapore, was your daily spendings in Singapore considered expensive as compared to your home country?
Yanukovich defied democracy twice.
Current weak Russia is not a threat for Hungary, because of their geographical location, separated from Russia with mountains, Slovakia, Ukraine and Romania.
Maybe there's some economic pain, the political climate changes, and suddenly this party beholden to the Soviets goes from 20-25% to 40%+ and starts governing
NATO has received on a disaster assistance request from Ukraine.
As bad as the shelling in residential areas is, an actual ending to the war would be much better than this slow burning war, and by the looks of things, Ukraine might actually wrap it up now.
Cheapest airport to fly out of?
Thank you for the links and the added explanation
* Last but not least, sweet varenyky filled with seasonal fruits: cherry, red/black currant, plums/apricots, etc
It wasn't Obama's job to counter that?
Shall we take a quick look through "eternal fascism" of Umberto Eco to see if modern Russia fits?
Russia gains nothing by starting an actual war with NATO.
But I am far more (negatively) impressed by the strength and ruinous effect of Russian propaganda in Russia.
Russia is Netherlands flag + drunk Peter I
Bandera is most recent and relevant.
Cossack period ( 1648–1775 ) - times of uprising, unwilling alliances, betrayals
I think op meant "second largest country situated ENTIRELY in Europe"
Pigeons are not consumed at all
I mean, you or the other car - whichever is closer to an intersection/etc
If you're a single girl < 30, you can pretty much forget about getting a visa in some consulates.
I can't even imagine what the end game would be, I just heard that Russian TV has been ramping up war propaganda against Ukraine.
They just look different, although, sometimes there's a bland of features
Is Russia denying having Troops in Syria?
But you're not so then there's no interest, sorry.
There's not a lot of them, but they exist
> Seems like if it were he wouldn't have to imprison and assassinate so many political opponents
Funny reason though xD
They definitely can\`t do any harm to anyone except themselves
"Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors" (1911) Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky
But you know that
I am talking solely about media coverage.
Like Oleg Vynnik, for example
would be interesting to look at the picture about relationship with white person
with h and ch, where up to a generation ago people born in the East / Ukraine would pronounce these differently.
Pretty much all Slavic languages
You can, just put a pizza and a bottle of red wine of the car
Haha, guess, where all that heroin comes from.
I am not too familiar with political views of Belarusians, but I do know majority of them speak Russian, unlike in Ukraine were there is a majority Ukranian speaking West with a long history independent from Russia.
Now that it's so unusually warm, I need a warm hat anyway because *"you're so thin, do you eat at all
We speak slavic language, but there does not exist unified slavic cultural area.
to be fair, public transport payment system is horrible in many EU cities
Good old Soros conspiracy is the way to scare the people
I only found [this] No one cares to translate that shit.
Personally, I don't. It backfired greatly not so long ago, so I am not sure why we should allow it
Why you do this to me, it's -17 outside right now here...
Someone could correct me if I'm wrong.
The EU offered a not-so-good trade deal and Russia offered a better one.
minor traffic accident in lada and you're handicapped
She didn't back then, she does not now.
Camera: \*click\*
Hot - 25/30
And it would actually help building a large ship without assembling whole hull in dry dock.
You will suffer a mental breakdown.
[c'mon] Play for over 500000 prizes
That would either be [Eneïda] by Ivan Kotlyarevsky, a remap of the original **Aeneid,** or [Zapovit] by Taras Shevchenko
After the dissolution, those few Russian governmental channels remained alive and kicking, showing mostly the same classic Soviet movies, entertainment tv shows, and the news were about the whole ex-Soviet space, but from the Russian POV
\[The\] last sounds less natural than \[the\] others, but still is correct
We(humanity) invented term to make things easier.
[Mezhyhirya] an absolutely filthy rich place that formerly belonged to Yanukovich, now it's a museum
You can get 3-5 cinnamon buns or 5-10 cinnamon powder bags(~10-35 grams) here for 10 NOK worth of money
It's a joke that has some didactic undertones
Pull your head out of your arse and go out of your safe space for once, then you maybe won't start defending fucking Nazis
What he (or at least some Ukrainian nobles) wanted was the Polish-Lithuanian-Ukrainian Commonwealth.
Russia does have influence in Kazakhstan but they don't have the same grip on the country.
No one considers war with nk a serious option since nk has nukes.
You can also say they (Russia/separitists) shouldn't be shelling and yeah but its that or send in troops and that would risk fully restarting the conflict.
People along the West-Southern border must be more in contact with them/you, but, meeting a person from Central Ukraine, you can form their entire opinion about Romania and Romanians, because on average they don't have any
China would be a good choice, as would the Commonwealth, Isreal is maybe hard, because most European Nations recognise Palestine, and defines its borders in a different way than Isreal and the US.
Honestly, I'd like Ukrainians to be motivated enough to watch those movies and shows in the original language
Should have been 103 years of restoration but Russians stood in a way
I'm still alive, so can't be too dangerous.
What does it mean
Just as I replied to another comment here
> roaming charges
Then there are Poles and Czechs
Becosue treating them like 'Hey c'mon guys, you're Russians like us, just a bit different folklore so let's unite as Russia and try not to speak that peasant dialcet' won't do.
it's russia's actions that lead to this situation.
Peace is going to be abused for as long as Russia is given room to invade other countries.
the doctor will tell you it's nothing
Sure, I thought it was common knowledge
So Putin's "us or them" rhetoric played very successfully on their fears.
Time-consuming and life-wasting from my opinion.
You seem to be forgetting those tourists showing up with guns before Crimea was annexed, or the plane shoot down or the other fucking million of evidences of Russia involvement.
Then, you ask someone, but they don't speak English
They'll throw a referendum, if people vote yes they're in
Either way, Russia gets disqualified after winning
They made sure it was a warzone, Ukraine refused to cease military operations at the crash site.
Future
I would love to travel back to my roots in the Ukraine.
&nbsp;
According to the 2001 Ukrainian census, 85.2% of all people of Ukrainian ethnicity living in Ukraine named Ukrainian as their mother-tongue, and 14.8% named Russian as their mother-tongue.
What is this "Belorussia"? Just out of curiosity
It doesn't matter since those unions would need to solve Ukrainian problems at their own expense.
The fact that he fled to Moscow tells all.
Well, I like it too, it's a common feature among passports that it has blue-yellow theme:)
And Putin would not dare attack Estonia or support a separatist movement there because NATO, and if it falls apart Estonia need not fear, since for now Ukraine is doing its job more than well.
>I know, that all of you like to dream about the space, and a little bit of envious of us, especially the boys
Ukraine, belarus
If it's all very familiar, then why does independent Slovakia exist?
Well, RF army possibilities are somewhat limited.
Granted, most probably weren't filming a documentary, but there's zero issue in just travelling.
The Trump campaign has already tweaked the GOP platform on Ukraine policy with no real explanation of why.
Wouldn't say so
I was born in the eastern Poland and had a few occasions to visit the country.
Nah, wait, I know one about estonians being slow
Only difference is that Athens started raiding Sparta, whereas nowadays Russia is the one marching around Ukraine.
Nope, "I'm walking to school now" is the correct one
I want my children to be proud of the small, rich Latvia they live in.
Only the principle of self-determination is important in the eyes of international laws.
Finnish
* with cabbage and/or mushrooms;
1943 but Poland always overexaturates it
I am generally shocked by the lack of empathy so many EU societies show towards the suffering of the migrants, the Ukraine's, the Greeks and my own society.
By your logic, you should laugh at Auschwitz
Хшон**шч**? Хшон**щ**?
* [Example 4]
> In a half a generation we will have a brand new diagram, and we will laugh at this one like we laugh about people fearing the illuminati now
Latvia was a part of Russian Empire.
Yes, as for example:
they are not even part of NATO....
Well that's a very simplistic view of it.
Their lies were instrumental to the invasion of Ukraine.
nearly 40% of all seats in parliament by prediction
If EU fails mother Russia hugs us like they are hugging Ukraine.
Well, first of all Crimea was annexed by Ukraine
**Then the US applied the whip.**
Still, I understand that the gamers barely know that something happened in EE in those times, and prefer some central history topics
The most time consuming part of the process is data aquisition and pre-processing: the SRTM data that covers most of the planet cuts out at latitudes over 60 degrees (i.e.
I find English more concise than my native languages
Is it true that they were handing out Russian passports quite recently to copy the situation in Ukraine?
And it was almost 10 years ago.
What fascinates me (morbidly) is that poor people slowly devolve "to their roots", i.e., don't have excesses and don't look too far into the future; don't read, don't strive, don't think of politics or the country as a whole - only of their household and what they're going to eat during the month/week/day, depending on the acuteness of their poverty
The most notable news is that the so-called "servants" ("Servant of the People", Zelenskyi 's party) didn't get much
Most maps have data for Ukraine
Yes Russia has less debts than EU and USA but this is not really telling much about economical stability.
Wow, that's fucked up
Not only greeting but also when you go
Moscow concerned over Croatia’s government decision to set up working group on Ukraine
The only debate is to what extent.
Sword warfare < cannon warfare << nuclear warfare <<< twitter warfare
The dancing house is like a teenage girl claiming to be random, while in reality she's just being stupid.
-20C + dry air = refreshing
A coup d'etat is a forceful change
Nuland said fuck the EU because it distracted by in-fighting over how to respond to Ukraine & the Russian invasion.
Apparently, a second-third generation immigrant from a Slavic-speaking country
The best future for Ukraine is one that seeks membership of the EU.
The consenquence of Maidan was that they got rid of Yanukovych and Ukraine now leanas towards Europe more than ever.
Le Pen is #1, but she has no chance to win in 2nd round.
They haven't finished with Ukrainians and other closer nationals to move to recently gained Poland
With all that money it still appears that the European armies are less capable than the Russian army, if you look at the Libyan war, the British and French had to ask the Americans for bombs because they were about run out of them, now look at Syria with the Russian intervention and East Ukraine, the Russians are not running out of bombs or supplies, they are still achieving their geopolitical goals without paying as much as the Europeans.
If you want to compete you have two option: you either get yourself on the same level as others, or
That's Polish actually
Russia has banned money transfers to Ukraine through international payment systems
When we have a good arsenal, put the nuclear tipped missiles on a hair trigger in Estonia, Latvia and Poland.
Are you anything else
How do y'all deal with language barriers?
And in Ukrainian it means cursed.
Powerful economy, strong military, powerful allies.
In the parliamentary elections of 2019 all a candidate had to do was to take a "servant" template in the [TM green colour] and place their face on it, and he or she was elected
Russia wasn't going to back down just because of the Netherlands saying they're going to get involved.
It's hard too see Eastern Europe perspective because our history is very different.
In retrospect, it seems that most of the area that I had designated as “Russian-Oriented Ukraine” does not actually fit that category.
>Btw what is his political position/ affiliation ? Would say he is left winger, right winger, a centrist or something else
Anther Russia's bonus is that the Belarus and Navalny issues are getting to the background at least for a while
Well, I like it too, it's a common feature among passports that it has blue-yellow theme:)
This screams so hard it wants to be on /r/vexillology
\[balkans scenario intensifies\]
On that topic, I can't recommend Bloodlands by Timothy Snyder enough for a good bird's eye overview of what Eastern Europe went through in the 1930s and 1940s.
I fucking love it
Nah, play into russian narrative about Nazis, cause that's definitely who took over Donetsk, Luhansk, and Crimea
Btw, what are some sensible newssources fo UA?
More correct number would be 90
Slovakia is the one with the cross (borders Poland, that's how I would remember)
So all those non-proliferation treaties are worth nothing.
If there were Russian troops, nobody would know about Ukraine.
The EU should help with the maintenance of the refugee camps near the conflict region and with rebuilding the war-torn countries.
There were also tigers in the Black sea coasts of Turkey and the Ukraine in the last millenium, but not in Austria :P
I'd say it's either southern Bessarabia with all those ethnicities, or Azov sea coast, same
Personally I guess Russia could easily take half of it.
Sure, but we're not fighting in Ukraine.
Ukraine has one of the biggest markets in Europe and business generates plenty of money.
"Turkey bad give reddit gold"
Ukraine is most certainly in Euope son.
> Two states, Ukraine and Turkmenistan, have ratified the CIS Creation Agreement, making them "founding states of the CIS", but did not ratify the subsequent Charter that would make them members of the CIS
And Ukraine and what's going on in Donbass perfectly shows how successful he's managed to destabilise a neighbour without rolling in whole divisions of Russian tanks, he only needs to arm local ethnic Russians and send in a few unmarked special forces groups; NATO will find it difficult justifying gunning down disgruntled ethnic Russians who are also legal Estonian or Latvian citizens.
Also a factor, is the fact that we would be going against Russia - its best not to poke the bear.
Patronymics are widely used to address older people, people in power, or just people in a formal setting
>The passengers took control of the public address system on Wednesday afternoon between Antwerp and Mechelen, **the city that Nazis and their collaborators used as an internment and dispatch station for Jews whom they sent to be murdered in Poland
But now it's rather a way to distantiate yourself from "filthy easterners"
Sure
There are those that ask in Poland why Poland didn't help the whites in 1918 to prevent the Bolsheviks from wining (the Polish Bolshevik war started in 1919).
•Yugoslavia is Soviet Union but smaller, Serbian and southerner
No way you'll give up your monopoly
You can find it in the frozen section in the supermarket, but it's just one brand that makes it I don't think very many people my age (late thirties) or younger ever buy it
Sometimes
But that requires lots of investment, which requires different politicians and cultural changes.
We had some but they are all dead, and i mean really dead
Russia holds most of the cards.
Most people call any famous Ukrainian that was born in the Russian Empire Russian
> This is not to say that the existance of microwave ovens and cell phones has anything to do with cockroach population
Because Ukraine this has become quite an important topic again...
Maybe you should ask the corrupt Ukrainian oligarchs.
WW1 : Eastern European countries (from Estonia to Ukraine, though that didn't last), Soviet Russia, Caucasus countries, Japan as a world power, the end of the European monarchies, the USA taking over from the UK, total and modern (modern as in tanks, shock troopers and aircraft) war.
How prevalent is communist imagery there?
Shooting down civilian aircraft adds to tension.
Arrow speaking "perfect Russian" to Russian mobs sounded more like Arrow having a stroke
If you want to push it, it existed as a state for a brief period during the civil war, and ceased to exist, so it still exists since 1991.
Lukashenko is more concerned about his own interests than Russian interests.
Our only protection is strong quarantine, which I hope we got in time
Can you help me to answer this question
Slavic countries with maximum maximorum at Ukraine.
Well, it breaks not just international laws, but Constitution of Russia itself.
We eat oysters and salmon here.
The legislative branch in oblast was full of his proteges.
Separatism and annexation are crimes.
We still very well of compared to the rest of world, and we are trying to improve
Have you received your note from Russia government?
I don't idolize the guy, he annexed a part of Ukraine for gods sake.
Poland would be probably "yellow" today.
Ate borszcz with salo, love it
True, but still there are many countries with a win/lose ratio way above French and with their successful revolutions not descending into the reign of terror
A very small % of the names often used in the Slavic speaking countries are local (i.e., derived from words in the Slavic languages)
What we don't have is street preachers or loud conspiracy theorists with cardboard signs
It seems that the Credit Suisse data completely ignores apartment prices.
We do similar thing on [Ivana Kupala] We need to jump over a fireplace 3 times with our loved ones
It has been quite hard listening to all of Europe label all of us because of the decisions of a VERY little over half of the electorate.
I have to be completely honest, I had no idea Hungary shares a border with Ukraine.
Most of the population there was ethnically Russian and spoke Russian at home etc.
Hello from East Ukraine, don't be sick:)
It's just a fuckup from the soviets drawing borders.
Take a look at the current state of Turkey and try to make an assertion why it should join the EU.
>According to Ukraine's Attorney General
Are you saying that Europe missile wasn't actually against Russia?
•Yugoslavia is Soviet Union but smaller, Serbian and southerner
And Ukraine was highly industrialized during Soviet times.
Here's also a [link] to a collection of translations to English
who will protect Ukrainian language in Ukraine?
Ukraïner
Gonna try to give you some, more or less east European perspective on this whole thing.
Nobody has invaded Russia, but Russia has invaded Ukraine and Georgia, but its the West that is "provoking" Russia and wants nuclear war.
I live in Dnipro, and we had snow only for one week in January
> Eneyida is a parody of Virgil's Aeneid, where Kotlyarevsky transformed the Trojan heroes into Zaporozhian Cossacks
Uh, this is NOT a good advice for someone who has never been to a 120C sauna before
Sure but a treaty where each side declared that they respect each other international borders is.
Quails are rare
The best option we have are sanctions, not everyone finds an all-out war desirable.
Now it's +2
Ukraine and its people must decide what they want and work hard for it, then support will come.
If there was a massive escalation they would have made a statement.
What's would happen if Ukraine joins EU and NATO?
However when the indended audience is expected to have some sort of "realpolitik" mind set (usually some right-leaning AND left-leaning Westerners who fancy themselves politically savvy), the stance changes to the alternative "Hurr durr Ukrainian nazis, need to protect Russians, land bridge to warm port, but what about America" bullshit
The word "group" under UN's genocide article is very loose.
That's the first time we had independence in a long time and it left a lasting impact on our national identity as a separate nation
There was a referendum in the Netherlands last year about the EU-Ukriane cooperation treaty, and the result was Against.
Sure, you can't be a basket case (ie Ukraine or Turkey) and be allowed to join, but there is no hard limit on the budget deficit to join the EU as it is for adopting the Euro.
Or do you believe Putin can fearmonger Ukrainians to willingly join?
The 'funny' part why Chinese government so admire him
The people of Crimea consider themselves to be more Russian than Ukrainian if I'm not mistaken and their primary language is Russian.
I think it would mostly be directed at the invaders and their collaborators, but with a bunch of warlords and militias also getting into conflicts with each other.
It is not about a city being shelled as you quite incorrectly pointed out.
we are not even trying to hide it, everyone knows we are taking over Belarus and western Ukraine
If something like that would happen in Russia, the entire subreddit riles up to accuse Russian barbarism.
Now where's that fusion plant in my city?..
As you can see I am from a country that has revolutions every 10 years, so I guess you can believe me that we love our freedom
Ukraine blocks road and rail links with breakaway regions
Because they are dumb westerns.
But at least parliament and president were elected in a democratic way
Without Ukraine we would have woken up to how dangerous Russia is for our easternmost member states.
That and WW2 are separate concepts
up till around 2008 it seemed we could fix the relations just as we fixed with Germany (or at least make it normal), but then Georgian conflict happend, and plane crash, and Ukraine....
Also there was an idea to return to the original Yelysovetgrad but that's again way to many consonants in a row for Ukrainian language and sounds odd
Not even that Russians in Ukraine set up the artillery in range then send up drones to see where is everybody and drop all hell on them.
Serbia, as far as I can tell, is very pro-russian.
Oh yes, our primary school classes called "nature-knowledge" (Nature science
What I mean is, an English sentence is often packed with information
It is a history of Yugoslavia from late 19th century onwards, but she discusses the evidence of passive agreement by Milosevic and co.
what happens in Ukraine isn't a specific interest of any country in Europe
Wanted to mention you, too, but it's more complicated, and I didn't want to end up throwing shade (this time)
Ukraine is literally dying laughing
>That we actually let people from Sweden work in Copenhagen
Imagine staying/living in one of those two flat building on the right and having the windows facing the other building
Well, you'd have to ask Ukraine why they did it:
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply the EU did anything bad or tried to force Ukraine into anything.
Hard work, simple food, serfdom, songs, the language - the usual ethno-lingvo-culturological stuff
City is terribly overloaded with cars and it's only going to get worse in Kyiv
* [**Живчик/Zhyvchyk**] - apple soda with 1 ml of apple juice to justify its mentioning in the ingredients
These brainwashed sheep should go protest China, Russia and India
I'd have zero problems with Crimea seceding from Ukraine if there had been a democratic and legal referendum, now that wasn't the case.
I’ll wait for pogroms
Congratulations to Ukraine & Georgia :)
Don't want to blame anyone, but it seems quite odd to fine any country for it's effectiveness.
I don’t agree with the first fact
Pretty sure it’s [Schedryk] known around the world as Carol of the Bells
I've honestly never head anyone complaining about Polish tourists ever
>"See, this kind of traveling is only possible because the European Union makes it possible
There were four male Slavic pagan gods, one for each season
If some don't understand Russian/Ukrainian they can just pay attention to people's emotions, plus here is a hint: those who prefer Ukraine have their faces blurred.
Nope, I am tired enough with the inner permanent political shitstorm and I don't want to dive into another one
Commonly, it's 16-18 years when finishing school and joins the university, some may join later because we have mandatory military service .
Furthermore, Belarus and Russia are not in a 'tacit alliance', Belarus is almost completely dependent on Russia, any move away from them would deliver an economic disaster
Yeah, it's highly profitable
According to Wikipedia sources, the architects just wanted to diversify the district with some sort of an "architectural dominant" and came up with this
But Finland also has [the lowest age of first sexual intercourse] why that discrepancy?
These are the most famous Ukrainian video games
Poland recognised Ukraine famine by USSR as genocide same thing should happen to Bengal famine where millions died.
What does France gain from NATO?
Although, potato is the language we all speak fluently
Link me your favorite song by them.
Is it by chance a geometry term
Last normal winter with decent amount of snow and normal temperatures (-15 to -5) was in 2015/2016 or in 2016/2017 in my region
Stalin operated as a communist, the term stalinism was made up by the commies later to try and separate themselves from that shit
In 2014 Darth Vader even wanted to run for presidency, but got rejected by Central Election Commission because he denied to take his mask off
I think I found his twin brother
I don't believe it is in the interests of the United States to continue this cold war stage or even worse start a military conflict with Russia.
Languages are very close (Russian is also widely spoken in both), we share a lot of history, there are a lot of family, friendship and work ties between citizens of our countries.
Results of EU assistance to Ukraine "fragile": auditors
Saw it in the Ukraine quite a bit, probably as a sign of solidarity with the west I guess...
I swear every single library in german universities looks like a variation on this
В моём посёлке/в моей деревне/деревеньке/в нашей глуши жил мужик/мужичок/мужчина/дядька с рыжим котом/у которого был рыжий кот. ~~Мужик с толстым рыжим котом~~ ~~Котовладелец (?)~~ **Тот** мужчина был довольно странный/странноватый/чудаковатый/с придурью...
On a serious note, he is another causality of the Deep State.
I cannot in a single way agree that Russia is mistreated, nor that Russia could bring peace, in a European context.
You might shiver in short sleeves and shorts, but overall you're fine
[Go_a - Рано-раненько]
Unfortunately there are too many naive people in the world still believing Russia and whitewashing its dictators
The reason for the invasion and occupation of Ukraine was to block Ukraine from entering NATO.
The crime was when the Crimean parliament voted for independence in 1992 and Ukraine threatened them with force and refused to allow it.
I am.curious, was it like that in Ukraine, too?
It's not a rule made up specifically for Samoilova.
Lazar Kaganovich was born in Ukraine, what's your point?
Law-related texts, contracts, specifications, and all of them also are known for their precision and informativeness rather than mood
We're talking about a different "cheese"))
Donetsk is getting shelled day by day.
Sorry, if late but like What
Unsurprisingly I was overweight for much of my adulthood until I started counting calories
Romania has its issues, but saying it's doing worse than Moldova, Ukraine, Serbia and even Bulgaria is retarded.
So military spending is kind of like buying insurance.
And ОБЖД (fundamentals of safety)
You break it once and you face the consequences.
The channel is called Вільна Україна (Free Ukraine), has Right Sector banner with a Ukrainian/Right Sector coat of arms.
The route cleverly dodges both Belarus and Ukraine.
The constitution in The Netherlands does not allow for binding referenda, as we've seen with the Ukraine referendum.
The 2nd one is from [Gladiator] :)
russia only understands hard actions, not treaties or negotiations.
Didn't Ukraine even have an american in government?
Kinda civilized gypsies
We can befriend them once they leave Ukraine and stop trying to dismantle us.
it's nowhere near it used to be (like in Russia or Ukraine), but it's still not Germany, Sweden or Denmark
**Ivan Vyhovsky** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
So yeah, the cons heavily outweigh the benefits for us
Running away from the Ottoman Empire,many are descendants of sailors  who worked in Odessa
* *"no"* (informal "yes" in G. Ukrainian)
Putin's rule will be threatened if Russians feel they have a chance at a better quality of life and living standards under a democratic system than a strongman dictatorship.
And whine
Zvidky Vy
What possible difference does that inconsequential legal footnote make?
Reminding that there is war in Europe is propaganda to you?
One of the biggest inspiration for Ukraine to try and do the same
Break a leg
It actually had barely any territory in Ukraine, but alright.
So many people were gleeing while cancelling her, because, apparently, people can't handle someone's success for too long
Putin's cash made sure it wouldn't be more possible than that.
The actual locals, Crimean Tatars, were forcibly mass deported to middle Asia after WW2, with thousands and thousands dying en route, then perishing in the wilds of Kazakhstan
100mbs for 5
The girl depicted as representing Ukraine looks exactly like a Romanian girl from Moldova region.
Anther Russia's bonus is that the Belarus and Navalny issues are getting to the background at least for a while
It has been asked [just a month ago] here
There are about 10 to 15 major regions.
Honestly, they don't have reason to be involved, except keeping peace on their borders
This borders make me sick, can't even watch them.
Japan and Russia (or Ukraine for that matter) are also developed countries, numb nut.
I think this is some class A bullshit
When I was in the Blue Mosque I first saw an American lady tell her kids that taking of their shoes is unnecessary (she was standing under the sign that says it's necessary)
Stalin operated as a communist, the term stalinism was made up by the commies later to try and separate themselves from that shit
Then, if the client wishes to switch to Russian or English, they can ask, and the service person can agree
Yeah, that's a good point
This thing is called CRS and has nothing to do with panama papers.
For a person who has a word прст in your language, you treat too hard on vowelless words
I wonder if that has something to do with ridiculously uninformed opinions of a particular nation who still make up a large majority on reddit and don't speak any language except English.
Ukraine is just a mess, its like the Yelsin era.
Oh, haha, yep, we have it too
For example, USSR's HDI rank was 26th in 1990, Russia's HDI rank is only 50th, Ukraine is 81st, Moldova is 107th in 2014.
Poles, Russians and generally Europeans have less than 1% R1a-Z93 and much of it is of recent Jewish or tatar origin.
Turkey is in a warzone between Syria and Ukraine plus the refugee storm from the south and Greece.
Some ex-Eastern Bloc NATO members don't want history to repeat itself (especially seeing what happens with Ukraine).
Now with help of Russian and putinlovers propaganda you there in EU think we are all Nazi here.
But anyway, its probably Milo's doing.
> The Zaporozhian Sich was a semi-autonomous polity and proto-state of Cossacks in the 16th to 18th centuries
Many people on the West don't realize that Soviet Union is equal to Nazi Germany in its anti-human acts
I mean, he stole tens of billions of dollars from Ukraine, that's not just crime, that's an outstanding level of theft
See Republic of Moldova (now an independent country) and Bukovina (split with Ukraine)
And Yanukovich was a president of much poorer country than Putin, and Putin is at power for something about 18 years, and Yanukovich was 4 years president and some 3-4 years as Prime minister
Most rural settlements tend to be villages.
Hague Tribunal Recognizes Crimean Annexation as a Military Conflict Between Russia and Ukraine
By that spoiled logic you may come to not tolerate any greetings and up to the most of the dictionaries' content at all in modern Europe, which is still under heavy influence of Russian bribed political establishment
Seems like Ukraine has other fish to fry at the moment...
"It doesn't matter how they vote, what matters is who's counting." - attributed to Joe Stalin.
it was, but not all cities that were renamed by the Soviets are subject for decommunisation
It's not like India or, I dunno, Canada had a lot of decision-making power in there.
Why are we required to care about Africa?
The data is a bit outdated
You can't get any concrete facts from the news.
As you may know, we generally don't like Russia
There's no better way to learn about political situation in Ukraine and have a bit of a laugh (and a cry) at the same time
They sure showed it to Russia when they overwhelmingly rejected closer EU links to Ukraine in a referendum this year.
Poor russia has a deficit of territory and excess of population
The most Russian territory in Ukraine
Can confirm
And bring pro- Russian and democratic simply doesn't mix together
I am just wondering, what was the though process of the first settlers
They have their origin on their website.
Trump is the only leader on either side of the ocean who has point blank openly told Russia that it is expected to return Crimea to Ukraine.
But in general, people are pretty neutral and go with the wind.
Ukrainian made indie games, bought few games but never played in them since i don't have much time for videogames now
Everyone has a patronymic, i.e., the name of their father after their first name
you can try to get others on your level
[Shedryk]
You gotta think these things through
I should also mention the arm movement, something you *really* get used to after 10+ years of smoking.
When it comes to youth slang, in Russian:
I'm not sure how many new trains they have so it's worth doing some research to make sure you don't end up on some leftover USSR junk, unless that's the kind of experience you want.
If Russia can get away with something it will do it.
Ukraine was never officially at war with Russia.
>I don't like Nazi's either
They hold sort of half million people as hostages in Donetsk.
and some Russian vs Ukrainian
Yes, these burglers are all very well organized gangs, not just random people.
You mean Slovenia and Croatia are okay
We *already* were several times more well off than Ukraine at the time we joined the single market.
For example, Russia invaded Ukraine under the claim that ''the ukrainian fascists are opressing the innocent russian minority, so Russia must ''free'' them.
Each of the competing oligarchs brings in their support.
The referendum part is just a legalization of invasion in the eyes of the international community, and based on this thread, it worked
Since, while skating itself had secured strong ties with Dutch people, digital photography was completely forgotten until long waited reinvention by Americans at late 1900s.
The latter was the case with Finland
All European nations should be allowed.
I know enough to say that it will be built eventually.
In Denmark some of the nicest families live in the most criminal neighbourhoods
So yeah, I'm just tired of this stereotype
few would be insulted by this map
But most of the people over here would look at Ukraine through same lenses they look at Latvia(goverment) and just assume things, often wrong.
Most Dutch people probably coudn't point out Ukraine on a map before the crisis over there started.
What's about Walloon
Brilliant
Nobody on the street will support you if you yell at an asshole who parked on a sidewalk, etc
I think Russia at the moment is currently harking back to the bipolar world of the Cold War, when the USSR was a genuine superpower and could act with impunity in its 'back garden'.
Had the Ukranian crisis not have happened and we would have bashed you guys over the head with sanctions just to spite you - then you would have been unfairly treated.
why do you think neither RF nor Ukraine use their aircrafts in this conflict?
And unstable Germany doesn't bode well for the whole Europe.
is this the real life
Twitter assemble
fuck any Communist and Fascist Party
"Got stuck in traffic". When our public transport is in traffic, several cars from the same rout might get bunched together within 1-2 km leaving the whole route waiting longer
And the answer is that whites official policy on Poland, Ukraine and the Baltics was reconquest.
Haven't met a *"яжеотец/yazheotets"* (but-I'm-a-father) yet
Haven't met a *"яжеотец/yazheotets"* (but-I'm-a-father) yet
So you suggesting, or what comes across as such, that half the women were slavic slaves is simply wrong.
It gets quite cold in my hole in the ground at night.
Or they arrange the delivery via one of the usual postal/delivery services that work across the country
Otherwise I would have definitely gone to the carpathians.
But let's get real for a second.
\[The\] order of \[the\] words can be changed almost in any way in Ukrainian
Fun fact: Polish uses Latinate names for May and March, but Slavic names for all the other months.
I guess they're not inly in Germany
I don't think many European do recognize it as independent or part of Russia, actually.
Without mobile internet access, with severely limited unstable broadband, and no media but state media, it gives a huge edge to the police on the streets
The only problem was Kosovo - yes it can be count like First.
Like, if I ask for a bill or a pint in Russian, will I definitely be understood?
Gorbachev is expressing his worry about some impersonal entities he calls the World States spending on military instead of funding people's social needs and the harsh language of the TV pundits.
Also because Ukraine becoming a NATO and EU member would be a massive victory for the EU and NATO, and significantly harm Russia's interests.
Ukrainian *сральник* - sralnyk
No, but part of Ukraines revolution was for reasons of self determination, liberalization and pro-EU accession, so it's kinda weird that nobody would come out and say hey we support your guys's right to do that if you like.
For me, the only people still entitled to be shocked by the phrase are those who regard Ukrainian independence as a form of dangerous extremism, which is complete noncense
As I see these assholes could not even glaze some balconies
Yes
Idk, German for instance
It's easy with tiny countries like Estonia, but Ukraine is a large country with large internal problems.
International law isn't exactly enforced by anyone.
Slav radar, sounds funny
Finally, malaysian airlines can only act upon the information it is given.
Maybe someone other familiar with our laws will correct me or tell you more
It's also not just a place our ancestors used to live, it's a place our ancestors got massacred, subjected to a genocide and cleansed from.
I think Porthos was supposed to own this in Three Musketeers (he had de Pierrefonds as one of his last names)
Emperor Pavel (Paul) I gave asylum to Hospitallers when they were driven off Malta by Napoleon, and was declared Grandmaster of the Order.
They must be up to something
Unrelated, but colloquially people often say *"throw it"* instead of *"send it via electronic means of communication"*.
you can go to pretty standard central europe round with cities like Dresden, Vienna, Kraków, Prague, Bratislava and Budapest.
So it's a necessity to include those to have anything called "national" to be meaningful
And we both know that once said dog kills first human it will see humans as a prey
I don't recall the USA invading Ukraine.
And it is the best worst song that my country sent to Eurovision
Great news, Putins actions in eastern Ukraine are simply disgusting.
But your option is not the worst: when I was deciding between French and German, I watched a video about French numbers and was like NOPE
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
So it is бордоський маляр(a painter from Bordeaux) but бордоське вино(wine from Bordeaux) and бордоські порти(ports of Bordeaux)
Let's not get carried away, Ukraine is literally fighting a war against Russia, and Hungary and Bulgaria for all their faults are still EU and NATO members and have no intention of changing that.
Idk, I feel like every country should have the same chance and possibility to win and host a contest.
There's no 'love for Ukraine' among Crimean Tatars.
Still, i want to move and live somewhere else for some period of time (like a year or two) and then move back
Bosnian [Bosanska Artiljerija] and Estonian [Metsavendade laul] are my favorites
Our national team won gold in synchronized swimming
Places like Ukraine, Romania, Poland, were really cool to visit, and also not overrun with visitors.
Yes, I am aware that there are plenty of amazing views in Stockholm, I was just talking about this particular one.
There need to be much more done about corruption and democracy before we should think about that if you ask me.
I'm from Ukraine and thanks to EU for not providing it until these stupid fuckers go on with reforms.
What is the backstory
No Turkey, Belarus, or Ukraine (yet); yes to ex-Yugoslavia and Georgia.
Russia could have added diplomatic pressure Ukraine would have a hard time ignoring given the turmoil.
Why, I thought we were closest brothers
The fact is that Ukraine has very hard problems for the future.
Well, for non-EU students it's about the same(or higher) in [Denmark] too, and in Sweden as well: my kid was eye-balling some unis there, and for Ukrainians it'd be about 350000-400000 SEK for the whole course in biotech, big data or gamedev-related courses
IIRC, it's because studies of the Russian military operations in Ukraine and Syria have shown the effectiveness and importance of artillery in modern combat.
[You're welcome] :)
And yes there are for ex Lemky, which are also Rusyn
How about Hungary and Ukraine ?
Usually, I imagine it in the fashion of "[Hard to Be a God] i.e., I'm more of an observer than participant or a person that influences historical events
Except corrupt bastards are untouchable there.
> Eneyida is a parody of Virgil's Aeneid, where Kotlyarevsky transformed the Trojan heroes into Zaporozhian Cossacks
With the word selfish I tried to encompass the preservative style and the repelling attitude that most Dutch voters I spoke to had towards Ukraine.
Ukraine and Georgia are nothing to do with the US or EU...
There is war in Europe right now, but not exactly war and not exactly in Europe, because your media doesn't report numbers of KIA daily.
I don't even know a tune of an American one lol that's my knowledge of international anthems
у чорта на рогах / at devils horns , "at the ass of the world ".
We can't allow Belarus to bring illegal products from the west over the border.
As for *dinner* vs *supper*, there must be some regional difference
I try to keep up with the tradition.
In Ukraine it's a village near Kyiv called Петропавлівська Борщагівка (Petropavlivśka Borščahivka), which is 25 letters long, so not that long compared to all the others in this thread
It was a mistake to put up with what ever bullshit Putin did.
He gives interviews to their "journalists", travels to Moscow to tell them Hungary fights against the evil EU to end the sanctions and then criticizes Ukraine's internal affairs.
More like electric prods up the ass.
Please, pay more attention next time you are going to kill Ukrainians" - the understanding Europe
But met such in UA and in Sk, especially near the border
The problem is many people don't know shit about Ukraine, they think that after Maidan, government changed from some bad pro-Russian corrupt dictator to liberal democratic regime, which is definitely not a case.
TIL that shots are not being fired in Ukraine.
The only reason to visit in my opinion is if you really wanna party
All children and teens being slender
Using an anti-air missile, like the Igla, is not very complicated, either.
Including making up debts that will count as Moldovan.
So I clicked the link and found [this particular video] on relationships between Ukrainians and Russians in the 1980s, but it has a lot of additional information to set the background for anyone inquiring about the life prior to the dissolution
They can be salty or sweet and are usually served with sour cream
Tatars owned it for far longer.
Which is about the same timeframe as the existence of the State of Israel so you can't dismiss it as ancient history.
Darth Vader's Forest Hut
People have accents and melodies from their native languages, and after they've managed to acquire a native-like pronunciation, their sentences may retain bits of their native grammar or vocab
Yes in Russian, no in Ukrainian
"Kolo" is something like a wheel or millstone, and "krug" is a ring, something bent to form a circle
Why recognise the suffering of people in Ukraine in the 1932-33 Soviet famine but not the suffering of people from Russia, Belorussia, Kazakhstan, Armenia, Azejbardzhan, Georgia?
But yeah, being anti-nazi helped them occupy these territories
If the EU elites care about the European unity, they better not ignore the big pink elephant in the room.
One of the most important reasons is overall productivity.
He doesnt find it amusing, he is just saying that we should protect our interests.
In Ukraine all tanks are T64 , all ukrainian T72 are in reserves - there is no parts for them - they are made buy Uralvagonzavod.
it is not played on the radio in my country, therefore I heard this song this year
I have a dream
I also grew up in the countryside so had more access to different types of poultry than an average city dweller
Something about those tall vowels and the way he pronounces CH
"We are sorry, we only wanted to kill some Ukrainians" - Russia
Supporting Russia in the Crimea issue doesn't necessarily mean you are anti-Ukrainian or anything.
if they think that Ukrainian language is not for them after living in Ukraine after 25 years, they are already alienated
I only know about this tradition because we still have it in Lviv, and it's so much fun
This language sounds as difficult as Hungarian
They are their citizens after all.
Oof
Especialy for Spain
Quality of roads, mostly
I've heard that when the USSR leaders died all TV channels stopped their usual repertoire and broadcasted something neutral like Swan Lake (btw, also duck-like birds-themed)
The German civilians who were living their lives in Romania, Poland, Ukraine, Hungary & other places in Eastern Europe had nothing to do with Hitler.
Even if your command of its grammar is near-perfect, you still have doubts about spelling, commas, hyphens, subordinate clauses, etc
Not saying it's not a farce regardless (in Belarus) but people that actually live in the country they're voting in have different perspectives & education levels
For Latvia and Estonia, they're more likely to just try to project soft power and manipulate the populace as they see fit.
Well, yes
Uhmm, yeah it's far but practically Ukraine is at war with Russia so it's not inconceivable that they would make a full frontal attack.
Poland also included a bunch of Belarus and Ukraine.
Gopniks
Poland and Russia - two countries with totally not far right regimes, are teaming up against Ukraine.
Why I declared my wealth and made Ukraine’s elite follow suit
And the syrians who end up here by mistake burst into tears, crying, when they hear what country caught them.
The only way to talk to them normally, is to show that you are equal or stronger.
Yanukovich had a different set of problems.
It's certainly not coming back to Ukraine unless a miracle happens.
We're lucky to be on the intersection of western and eastern Slavic languages (even though officially Ukrainian counts as eastern Slavic language) to have good grasp of the roots of both
Well, in totalitarian state Big Brother likes to know where you are
A friend calls it "a waste of space", since, despite the size, its function is still limited due to its narrowness
It's more populous than present day Latvia, very comfortable geographic position, can even become a part of EU as a sovereign state in the future.
It's not up to me to decide whether they are right or wrong in their belief, though I can sort of understand the sentiment: when bombs start falling on your city, for whatever reason, you might feel the urge to start shooting back.
Nice
Some people also install personal filters for tap water
Also foreign words are retarded because you have to take into account their gender when conjugating the words around them
This only paints us as hypocrites and opportunists, putting temporary selfish gains over any sense of morals and principles.
Yeah and like deconstructed architecture or international somehow tells a different story.
Belarus is pretty interesting imo because it’s sort of a window into what a modern soviet union could look like
Kyiv is named after its legendary founder Kyi
Lots of ISIS members have Russian passports, so now you have me wondering why your bunch keep beheading people you don't like.
Especially with Putin and him being buddies.
he was Russia's ambassador to Ukraine
Everyone is fine, unless it's muslim
* [Idared] - big and not very hard apples, sweet with a hint of sour, tour potato-ish in winter
I don't think that Ivan IV was deranged.
And it will probably stay so for a very long time.
And...having the Orthodox church from Greece.
[According to the 2001 Ukrainian census, 85.2% of all people of Ukrainian ethnicity living in Ukraine named Ukrainian as their mother-tongue, and 14.8% named Russian as their mother-tongue.]#Languages)
So Iäm wondering, whatäs his plan here
You might be young; when Putin started in his early until his mid years, there were plenty of good stories about him.
Let's say, supported by the law so a waitress couldn't deny a visitor service in Ukrainian like it was just up to this February
It's a strong personality with unpredictable policy.
They have been peaceful for far too long
In Ukraine you certainly can experience theft in a night train.
It's nonsense, supporting rebels doesn't automatically mean they are claiming the land.
For example the word for moustache - вуса (voosa)
These are usually served with plant oil+roasted onions (+roasted bacon again, optionally)
Leadership of Belarus has been for quite a while debating whether they should abandon Russia and attempt to move closer to European Union.
what does it mean exactly
Well, how the tables turned
I self think that for example St.
All of it doesnt need to be safe to be declared safe country with respect to refugees.
People of Crimea declared themselves independent and voted for inclusion into Russian Federation on a referendum.
So if I negotiated 1000$ per month, I would get 1100 or whatever so I get what I negotiated after I paid taxes
Ukraine is publishing the list of banned performers.
And this can actually be used for good anti-ISIS propaganda.
In the Baltics we have been increasing our military expenditures by a lot long before Trump said anything.
back in 1994 I put Alexi Lalas World Cup sticker in my former Soviet Union internal passport and got away with it for good half a year until it peeled off
Ukraine not having control over parts of its territory affects its economy in a negative way.
Because Ukraine won't shot at artillery shooting from Russian proper, these 20 km are basically uncontrollable and never will be.
You must be getting mad at me, down voting everything I post.
If you are into beaches - I had good recommendations about Chornomorsk, but honestly, other countries definetly have better beaches
But it's not because they are good.
Drinking coffee in sauna
That one song by ONUKA that was in a Vodafone commercial also counts
Ive seen a lot of Polish, Brits, Irish, very Westernized countries heavily against it but I've seen many Germans outside of this subreddit that think Russia is in the right and that Ukraine has been CIA'ed in a coup for the US to grab its claws into another victim.
Read [this article] back from 2012, made by Carnegie Endowment - it's not some Russian propaganda, it's plain fact.
That money could be invested to better places that are actually right here in Europe.
Ukraine in EU means war with Russia.
Yea I get it, there's a not-so-clandestine Russian occupation in eastern Ukraine, and a lot of Russians/wannabe Russians on Reddit are touchy about it.
Yeah so since Eastern Europe, for all intents and purposes I will include the Baltics the Balkans and parts of central Europe, in general has been always less wealthy than the west we tend to have smaller less beautiful old cities than the rest of Europe, then if you add the fact that we have the most ugly concrete slabs in our cities, we become some of the ugliest countries in Europe architecturally spraking.(Architecture being pretty much the only thing we could influence)
In which ways in particular Ukrainian *cooperation* under EU CSDP framework (border management, terrorism, WMD proliferation, crisis management, peacekeeping) was harmful to Russian interests?
Oh, so that's why they sacrificed a million of my countrymen and soldiers from other Soviet "republics" to retake Kyiv for his birthday
One that knows how to set things on fire.
Well, for non-EU students it's about the same(or higher) in [Denmark] too, and in Sweden as well: my kid was eye-balling some unis there, and for Ukrainians it'd be about 350000-400000 SEK for the whole course in biotech, big data or gamedev-related courses
Yeah thanks I read the Wikipedia article as well.
putin punished US diplomats so they will stay in russia
so are you giving us half the Poland back, then?
Poland: all differences are mostly about views on UPA and Bandera
And let Russia keep Crimea, there was a referendum.
Was there any animosity or tension between younger ethnic Russians and younger ethnic Latvians during the Ukraine conflict?
Would love to go back to see more of the country.
Thank you for listening to the abridged history of Russia
Yeah, they were very very polite when took the report from us, but we learned that policemen there are volunteers
I talk about far-rights march
I guess, Akhmetov's (Ukraine) wealth is hard to estimate now, as his assets in DNR are confiscated (if they really are, who knows) and, most importantly, supply chains between assets in DNR and Ukraine-controlled territory is broken by blockade and this is crucial.
But what's wrong with talking with your dog
Stop stealing from my plate
There is no way they'll join unless those issues are resolved.
This year in March there is 75 years from mass massacre in Koriukivka, Ukraine - 6700 civilians killed in nazis punitive operation, the whole village was destroyed (1300 houses were burned down, only 10 survived)
And, of course, pressuring the Ukrainian government to implement reforms - although not too successfully.
We're just happy we get to be a part of something
How the fuck does that threaten Russia?
Love of country, patriotism, and wanting a country for your people, nationalism, is not inherently bad.
Lithuania suddenly appears in 14 hundreds and after the Union of Lublin we never hear about it
I mean, if you fully support every separatist movement in your country it is okay
Terminology section was useful, thanks!
I did not know of that book, but yea the steps outlined seem to match up with what russia is doing.
Again
"Countless major scientific accomplishments" is propaganda term.
**Ivan Sirko** (Cossacks Warlord)
Localized version solve this problem.
From the non-occopied part - Kharkiv by far
In Prypiat trees are everywhere
Yeah, to cite/paraphrase Putin in this very article, "Those modern businesses are not malicious or anything; they are destabilizing because they are doing things in what they think optimal way, not to destroy us or anything".
For me, the only people still entitled to be shocked by the phrase are those who regard Ukrainian independence as a form of dangerous extremism, which is complete noncense
The only real Russian threat are nukes and Putin is way to resonable to use nukes.
So yeah, the cons heavily outweigh the benefits for us
But NATO expanding their borders all the way to Russia's doorstep is seen by them as aggression as well.
If they go around breaking agreements everyone else is going to be much less inclined to help them and they will end up much like Russia or North Korea (an exaggeration obviously, ukraine doesn't even act as badly as Russia let alone NK) with no friendly countries whiling to help.
Don't even want to understand it to not interfere with the charm
He released two extremely incriminating videos and what
But of course you know that already, little trumpkin.
Actually I even never tried it and I know many Ukrainians who don't drink alcohol at all
Fuck Soviets
The NATO states have jointly determined in 2014, under the influence of the Ukraine crisis, that every member of the Alliance should increase his defense expenditures within a decade to at least two percent of gross domestic product (GDP).
To be honest, whatever the result it doesn't look like much will change
For starters, a poll is only a poll.
* [Granny Smith]
Sure, you may import (and you already do) some migrants in the meantime from Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Albania, Russia, Turkey, etc.
Yeah, they started really subtle, with 'Putin's a dictator, but at least he gets things done!' and slowly moved to praise him more and more until we got to the point where the far right leaders welcomed an invasion of Ukraine and probably other future annexations.
If it had a little bit more detail it'd definitely be nicer, but they're both meh tbh.
lol
It's usefulness to many members now is clearly in doubt, which is probably best exemplified in their willingness to have cut military spending to the degree that they did and [the polling which indicates majority support in many of them to not even answer a article 5 call if one member was invaded by Russia.]
The Rus were a separate group of Vikings (most likely from Sweden) who went east and settled in Ukraine around Kiev and around Moscow
So if you go somewhere high in the Carpathians, you'd have to make due with the least intelligible version of Ukrainian language possible (it sounds interesting though)
And it's poorer now then it was during USSR.
Ukraine has always been in a tug of war between Russia and the West but that's not the case for Kazakhstan.
You realize that the total death toll for the whole conflict in Ukraine doesn't exceed 10 000?
The seperaterrorists break the ceasefire, Ukraine breaks the ceasefire.
That's a rhetorical question
As much as I'd love to include all of the drawings, I was afraid the map would be too messy
You are very welcome
Made in Photoshop, map from [mapchart
One of the largest country in Europe, but in the same time one of the weakest in economic degree
No one forced him out of office
So that's pretty progressive, I would say
Much simpler: it doesn't belong to Ukraine anymore.
Didn't I express my opinion clear enough?
Imagine if supermarkets started selling expired products, I doubt it will be better alternative (even though some still do, not in EU though)
They wanted into the EU, not NATO.
Or that the Russians would keep their word about not violating Ukraine's sovereignty.
Robber is trying to "normalise relationship" after he got what he wanted and only thing remaining is to get away with what was done.
[4]
Ukrainian *сральник* - sralnyk
Crimea is also controlled by Russia, we all understand that, but it belongs to Ukraine.
but skin of fried river fish is delicious
When my husband and I still decided to go in, we were absolutely in awe of that beautiful ship and the way exhibition was built around it
Benelux have nothing on Estonia, i would pick Estonia anyday
Skansen was great as well
Before midnight you'd be safe in streets especially busy ones
If it's a post soviet country, almost always.
Just saying "well they were bad to someone somewhere" doesn't mean anything.
From purely philosophical and theoretical standpoint - why is it ok to decide about life of unborn child (it's a life in it's early stages but still a life)
Everything else is claims, however you look at it.
Poor as hell and misruled to a shameful point.
Do Finns pour water on stones in sauna
Russian is a native language used in Ukraine and Belarus (as well as of course Russia).
I don't know how did Bulgarians managed to get into this list, but it's better to be there than in the "Russia's  friends list".
It will take a lot of work to persuade people in the EU that Ukrainian accession is a good idea.
I think for many people it wasn't about Ukraine at all.
Bandera is dead, OUN is history, Tyahnybok is not even in the parliament, "elect nazis" is bullshit
Just as EdRo [promised back in 2002]
Hm, Region controlled by Russia and watching Russian propaganda only wants to be a pert of Russia.
Ukraine as state since early '90 demand acceptation of Holodomor as genocide of their citizens by soviet government with evidence.
In Ukraine, we either say *"electronic post"* or use the hostname of one of the most popular e-mail services, e.g. Gmail, Ukrnet, (used to be) Yandex, etc
The dough is usually soft and airy, but if you make *varenyky* with meat or other non-sweet fillings, you can make the dough flat and simple, like for *pelmeni*.
UKish also not OKish I assume
Truly all any person needs in life.
Putin isn't going to pull off the same stuff he is doing in Ukraine in the Baltics because the EU would intervene and I don't think it would be that worth for them to attack a major trading partner.
A lot but not much I can put in civil terms.
Ukraine is a sovereign and independent, democratic, social, legal state
Why does the Ukraine seem decently developed for a country with a GDP per capita of only
That's "Потеет", folks
So yeah, you can see where that went wrong.
Oh, so when right parties in Ukraine don't pass the barrier - ukrainians are still nazies, but when people who call to destroy and extinguish dozen of other nations get 17% in Russia - "it is just a joke".
* Varenyky with the cottage cheese are in the category of their own
Russians are all Ukrainians so this is actually map actually depics the greatest extent of Ukraine.
Tusk is the one who declared Trump the enemy and Greece just held a carneval where the main float was an effigy of Trump and was burned.
Wasn't Kazakhstan more receptive to Russian proposals of deeper integration than Ukraine was, though?
What's so sad about it: a lot of them
No, not at all
That is why you're being downvoted.
Ukraine is not NATO member and therefore NATO has no voice in this conflict at all.
How is it not remotely similar?
You can enter the area by crossing the border from Russia - but it will be considered illegal by Ukrainian authorities and you might get a ban to enter Ukraine for a while
" which means "shall we continue
All the red countries have pro-russian populist leaders and/or governments.
As a dude living in Italy, I can say this would be the most Italian thing ever
Where is Lithuania
Aren't you seeing what is happening in Ukraine?
in 14 years the population keep growing
And, you know, the fact that plenty of Russian politicians keep the money that they steal from Russian people in Swiss banks.
* **ostrich**: tastes beefy to me, works well done kebab-style
They are a bit shabby, but it's better than nothing.
Ukraine had its pro-european liberal revolution in 2003.
My dad was passing through Romania on a train in the 80s; he says, the country looked extremely rural, like, pigs walking in the streets rural, but (his words) *I didn't get off the train; Ukraine also has many underdeveloped patches; apparently they're doing much better now, can't tell since I've never been there since they've joined the EU
A lot of pole Jews were land owners in Ukraine.
Well, I could see you're not Russian troll.
Even cultural shift was enormous with Ukrainian celebrities replacing Russian ones, even the church became independent from Russia (500-year challenge)
Check Ukraine for what happens when you shoot to kill.
With the slight difference that Eastern Ukraine is actually valuable and desirable.
Considering the circumstances of Russian invasion of Ukraine it feels perfectly alright to make a political statement.
Ukraine isn't in the EU though, and Russia is a really shitty neighbor compared to Germany.
I don't fear T55 rolling down Brīvības iela, I fear your government fuelling our internal ethnic conflicts due to rhetoric and actual financial, or even military, support.
Putin screwed up, and did so largely.
) and must agree with the first name in gender, number, and case
It's kinda dark but I'd probably go with this one:
Ukraine says Russian FSB behind prank call to Poroshenko [Slice of life?]
You understand about what I am saying.
"Dear Ukraine, we really love **our** little peninsula there.
You could also notice him omitting "is" or "are" because in Slavic languages it is common to omit the word "be" and it's forms depending on context
What about the *"A second feline was launched on 24 October, but the mission resulted in a fatality
Word Ukraine has a wrong meaning in video, it has different etymology.
*Watches from a far with horror*
In Ukrainian platypus is "duckbeak" - *"качкодзьоб/kachkodziob"*, which sounds like a more specific "ptakopysk". Like, which "ptakh"? A duck
Im not, whataboutism is shifting blame ,i'm not shifting blame, both are to blame for their inteventionism.
The last image fucking triggers me hard af.
Ukrainian here, my mother tongue is Russian and I speak Russian daily but can also understand and speak Ukrainian(because we all learn it, duh)
Pretty sure we're going to breeze through the group stage with some impressive performance, only to be eliminated in the first knockout match due to some stupid possession loss around 89th minute of the match
On top of that, quite a few Ukraineans (especially in regions historically more closely tied to Russia such as Crimea, Donbass etc) consider themselves to be the 'little brothers' of Russia and don't have particularly strong loyalty towards their Ukrainean roots.
uh yeah, I think we're going in a circle.
Yes, defence is the new offence.
Are they speaking on Bilorussian or rassian speaking sheeet
* with [potato and onions]
who speak about fear mongering after Russia annexed part of Ukraine and is conducting a war on its east borders.
Yeah would be a shame if the Ukraine got invaded by anyone.
But we have normal food, clothes and stuff.
The fundamental problem is that, apart from the need for an external war to gain internal consensus, Russia has an actual military interest holding Crimea, as it's the only access it has on the Mediterranean through land it holds.
Even when Ukraine had relatively good relations with Russia, the Crimeans were pissing about.
They are, take a look at the reforms passed in Ukraine in the past two years.
Fun fact: the strongest wave of Russianization in Ukraine came when Khrushchov got the power
There's no point to spend money on it, Ukraine will never accept it.
Russian or soviet symbolic, especially ribbon of sait george
Nine months working in China, then South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Vietnam, Laos, Malaysia, Singapore, Iran, Armenia, Georgia, Ukraine, Moldova, Romania, Italy and San Marino.
They switching to Latin script, so it's become " Kazakh is Russian can't-readian-can't-understanian
Right
Crimean agricultural yields were also significantly impacted by the annexation.
Hope those wounded Ukraine soldiers will get well soon and fight the good fight once more to end this war.
I am a documentary filmmaker so I would like to travel there searching for a story or two that are not necessarily political.
when two persons on the streets of Berlin contradicted each other how to pay for the tram, we decided to walk and pay for parking :)
Another option - return to the bar and order some food
Russian troops are still in Ukraine, aren't they?
That's the place to change into house slippers
There are nazis in the majority of countries of the world
That's what English Wikipedia says
I would be just a nail to coffin.
Hit them with the FineHammer
Inflation hit you guys hard, I guess
It doesn't create a sense of community in there
Ukraine will join the EU, eventually in my opinion
So Russia annexes a part of Ukraine, supports separatists in Ukraine, exercises nuclear strikes against Sweden, wages a propaganda campaign and influences elections in other countries.
'Development' encompasses a lot of things, not just a GDP value.
what's the point of joining EU now?
&#x200B;
Google Victoria Nooland wiretap Ukraine.
On one occasion I started replying in  Russian, and she said something like "why do you make me walk this  uncanny valley
What can I say, GTFO of our territories then.
My wife's family is Lithuanian-Russian old believers, discovering Lithuanian culture was amazing.
They mixed Persian with Jew
Nationalism is as outdated as monarchy.
They're often drunk and dgaf, so it adds to the impression
So e.g. if someone stays overnight, they're allowed to feel themselves at home, use the shower (gels, shampoos, etc
Never thought that Romans created underground
"I was just standing there, waiting for 30 mins until I desided to hop on another route which naturally took me longer".
Only once policeman said "I didn't know we put color photos on passports now"
low wages
Not owning a car is ok, but not holding a DL could be a problem in the future if you would go travel and would want to rent a car for it
I was today years old when I realized it
By that logic Ukraine, Latvia and Estonia shouldn't have been able to become independent iby the end of WWI?
Also Russia playing the mad man in Ukraine and trying to influence people's opinions via their propaghanda come to mind as border conflicts, that you don't have in Northern America.
Same thing happened to Romanians in the region as well, it resulted in them feeling to Romanian Bucovina.
> Chernukha is a slang term popularized in the late 1980s, used to describe a tendency toward unrelenting negativity and pessimism both in the arts and in the mass media
Yeah, title is kind of misleading, because of COVID bans, especially in developed countries
I like games from Quantic Dream and also games such as “Papers, Please” and “This War of Mine”. I would like to see a story driven game set during time of war where the characters are not soldiers, but just ordinary people
The three (ish) large cities and the rest are different worlds.
One should be enough challenged to prefer RF science over US one.
Red-black nationalist flag in the East, old Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in the West
Well, I'm not perfect, maybe another Ukrainian will thank you better
In Lviv it was 4 snowy days in Dec and 3 snowy days in Jan (days not in a row), but snow melted fast
We cannot say "Wir haben es nich gewüsst".
At least it solves the Crimean problem!
Nah, that was mostly because the pro-Ukraine camp couldn't make up its mind between
He's a british citizen living in Ukraine
Russia annexed Crimea the moment Yanukovich was ousted, because the new government/rulers likely wouldnt agree on Russia having the naval base there.
Like, let's say you catch a wild hog with her piglets that stole your food
Other states have to respect the internal sovereignty of Ukraine.
Fact is - it's hard to **not** let someone take part.
I also can distinguish between Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese, and I'm not of an East Asian ethnicity
Were you made the invitation for her?
There are some people who think that Ukraine might join EU some day.
Keep worry about which Ukrainian oligarch will bring freedom and democracy to Ukraine (none of them) while completely missing the big picture where you main sponsor and protector fades into history.
Everything around it is just nonsense and tbh, the land should be given back to ukraine ASAP and after that Russia can go to Ukraine and ask nicely if they can get it which the answer probably would be: no.
Probably thinking "Damn, I shouldn't have repressed all those generals, they would be soo helpful now" or "Damn, I shouldn't have ignored for so long the reports about the German invasion back in June".
The reason they were in the Netherlands was because Ukraine still has stolen Dutch art wasn't it?
It depends on the season
I support NATO as couterweight to country which occupied us and Russia can piss off from Ukraine after they pay billions of euros in compensations.
One of them is known as Pyrrhus of Epirus, a man who gave more to European culture than the whole Ukraine for all the time of its existence.
Are you saying when Ukraine sends their people, they *are* sending their best?
By the Grace of God, We, NN, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, Moscow, Kiev, Vladimir, Novgorod; Tsar of Kazan, Tsar of Astrakhan, Tsar of Poland, Tsar of Siberia, Tsar of Chersonese Taurian, Tsar of Georgia; Lord of Pskov and Grand Prince of Smolensk, Lithuania, Volhynia, Podolia, Finland; Prince of Estland, Livland, Courland, Semigalia, Samogitia, Belostok, Karelia, Tver, Yugra, Perm, Vyatka, Bolgar and others; Lord and Grand Prince of Nizhny Novgorod, Chernigov, Ryazan, Polotsk, Rostov, Yaroslavl, Beloozero, Udoria, Obdoria, Kondia, Vitebsk, Mstislav, and all of the northern countries Master; and Lord of Iberia, Kartli, and Kabardia lands and Armenian provinces; hereditary Sovereign and ruler of the Circassian and Mountainous Princes and of others; Lord of Turkestan; Heir of Norway; Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, Stormarn, Dithmarschen, and Oldenburg, and others, and others, and others
I would be extremely surprised if that was the case.
Istanbul/costatinople/byzantine free state joins EU.
What enrages me at the moment is all the anti-british tripe spouted by anyone and everyone especially in this subreddit.
And while your at it here were the policies in place for
Offering Georgia and Ukraine NATO membership was and is about as retarded as it gets - not because Russia may be pissed, but because neither is truly defensible (Georgia doesn't have any strategic depth **and** is isolated from NATO territory, Ukraine is a nearly failed state with endemic corruption and nepotism, not to mention "surrounded" on three sides by Russia or a russian ally - which makes it also indefensible).
That's out stereotype of georgians/azerbaijanis/armenians
Appears cozy and spaceship-like [in fog]
Turkey is much closer to EU membership than Serbia, Ukraine and others.
\[The\] last sounds less natural than \[the\] others, but still is correct
After him followed a populist government that promised to make life easier for the people and all that government did was redistribute the wealth that the previous one had accumulated for the country.
Our relatives from Lithuania do just that when they go by train through Belarus'.
by it's regime change tactics in Syria and Ukraine
While the Americas was more a race for land former overlords *claimed* but never really held in any solid way.
Because disabled people are superior to able ones so the law is not applied to them.
Their power over these two would basically hold the same water that they would have over a war between Indonesia and Papua New Guinea
In my opinion they should know at least about bigger countries locations (Germany, France, Poland, Ukraine (super relevant today) and major cities.
036)
Well, at least we are not the only one to be painted as nazi.
We use standard Slavic layout ЙЦУКЕН. With some added letters like І, Ї, Ґ and Є
Balkans is  Southeast , still, they are honorary Eastern Europe
And why is she a traitor to NATO?
Know the story of how Russia defaulted in 1998 (and Ukraine soon followed due to exposure to Russian markets*)?
Ukraine is most certainly in Euope son.
>I'll be called a Nazi-sympathiser by the likes of you
I've been learning English for 12 years in school and kindergarten, and still not sure what tenses in certain situations I should use
Don't do it
>Again, it all depends on what mood we choose, a modern story, a fairy tale etc
That is, pro-ukrainian forces call Russia and anybody affiliated with it aggressors, threats to world peace and enemies (and from our position, they aren't that wrong), while pro-russian forces call our modern government traitors/junta, advocate for close ties with Russia(i.e becoming a Russian puppet like Belarus) and privileges for Russian language, while being financed directly by Russian government
Astrologists proclaimed week of HDP MP arrests.
Two of my grandparents were russians but after this i feel only disgust for Russia and want to see the end of Russia.
Canada call Ukraine "valuable ally".
Russia's best option is to do nothing and wait
It is, but information about it being spread is good preventative measure against "radicals are ruining the country with their riots" story gaining spin
It wasn't russias place to intervene militarily in an ukrainian civil conflict.
You can be against regional independence, but that is exactly how a lot of countries came into existence, they separated themselves from a larger country: Czech republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Kosovo, Montenegro, ...
Considering that the majority of the loss occurred due to Donbass no longer being considered in Ukraine, it's a moot point.
The best ones are surprisingly near Mariupol in the East
Things are very different today compared to the 1930s.
I mean Israel managed to resurrect hebrew
In other words, I've encountered this in action when people would listen to something in a foreign language with phrases in their native language scattered all over it
They build quite a few things, more notably a catholic cathedral, and orthodox one, winter palace, and most notably Alexandria (which used to be their actuall estate) which is a huge and awesome park today
Without Iran's evil influence, the world would be a much more peaceful place.
These are my favorite spots: Nesamovyte lake, Shpyzi, Homiak mountain, and Goverla (but I recommend the path from Nesamovyte lake)
For example, if I sell apple for $1 it cost me less than $1, and for buyer it cost more than $1.
Does it mean it is further from Latin?
There aren't even travel bans in place restricting Russian nationals from entering Ukraine.
Thats more actually than singing about the MH17 or the war in East-Ukraine.
Ukraine needs help with fighting against corruption first and foremost.
Ελευθερία ή Θάνατος!
Funny thing that Ukrainian government didn't recognise Kosovo and now I understand why
During his presidency almost all of our SBU (Ukrainian security agency) got taken over by Russian influence.
Of course, if they will ban Ukrainian IP-s than I will need VPN.
In this case Ukraine would rightfully be labelled as suicidal...
Fine, really
Königsberg must be put back
Except it wasn't Putin who started all that mess in Ukraine
Uprising in Donbass started after revolution in Ukraine, especially after 42 opponents of the new regime were [burned alive in Odessa]#Trade_Unions_House_fire).
Stranger still is how you let said mafia into your countries with practically no resistance.
Damn it, forgot to mention it in previous week thread, regarding economy.
They aren't nothing to sneeze at, **Ukraine needs economic aid if it is to hold the reforms and continue doing more**.
In this case, you need to find some road (with a map or by listening) and head towards it to see some roadsigns, ask the bypassers in cars or even hitchhike
Well, I started to learn it at 4 years old
I read this on a governmental tourist advice site.
In fact, what we have:
Millions of bigger and smaller businesses offer to replace your old-school wooden windows and balconies with the newer plastic or wooden ones with insulation, soundproof qualities, diagonal ventilation [and all] In a continental climate, those windows are a must
In Russian, "round words" are less consistent, and the word "kolo" is absent
the abortion ban, the thing with 35 diplomats, etc).
Russa's intrenal policy is a construction of fake reality, where most things becoming the opposite of themselves, while maintaining their names.
He took a bag, and with a lust -
And the EFTA countries can join as soon as they want to, in my opinion.
If the polls were done by a credible institution and showed over 60% support for joining Russia, it is still within that margin of error.
How you can say that, you greedy lithuanian, russians deserve some space on earth to live on.
UPD: I like this "Активация виндовса" / "Windows activation" tip on the right bottom of the picture
Sweden is 6th in that list for rapes
Must be some Soviet nostalgia/interest milking channel
Difference is that Kosovo is not ran by foreign army, shelling the shit out of Serbia (and occasionally Kosovo itself when Serbs are not responding enough) to provoke backfire and turn Kosovo even more miserable.
This is much more suitable for russian interests rather than a full blown occupation, which is very expensive.
As it's been discovered recently, I forget about Moldova, and I mean
Paying closer attention now thanks to this valuable lesson
Who knows whether if they decide to annex Ukraine or Belarus bit by bit that at one point we'll not wake up having them right at our eastern border?
you'll see a slightly better situation, but you'll come to a similar conclusion.
However, all piercing that is not in ears is seen as a thing that people grow out of, so as women grow older, they tend to remove it to be perceived serious
Maybe once per 3-4 months
Same for any language, mate
Sometimes the script is modified or enhanced with more characters/diacritics to represent the phonemes better
Imagine Putin going batshit crazy and launching only a dozen of warheads on EU cities.
This level of hypocrisy is just over 9000.
Also, white singing isn't everybody's cup of tea, but I like it
Not the best launch in a new market
Now that I remember it, I was learning to ride in a very remote village where I used to spend summer
But we lost
If you want to start the exploration of Mars
How will the politicians in Europe make money
However, after we rejected the European Constitution with a clear majority, they supported rebranding it as the Lisbon Treaty and passing it through the back door.
Мабуть там буде \[ ..тавєрн тру...\] , все ж таки.
Most people will react negative.
> These are regions where they speak these languages
Literally shot itself in the foot.
A priest sprinkling some water on a dummy is totally on par with fucking ISIS
Well that's a good company, but I'm missing a few key members, where's Canada
Yes, Crimea and Eastern Ukraine.
We tried to be friendly with Russia.
Then we will make EU pay for it.
When will we greet
It's not hard to believe that people of Crimea after being submitted to the aggressive Russian propaganda for such a long time are more susceptible to support Russia.
Since when BBC is a credible News source when it comes to international affairs?
Sometimes I can use correct words and formula but it can make zero sense to the English speaking people
But a lot can change in 20 years.Less than 5 years ago no one thought that Russia is going to invade Ukraine, yet here we are.
As long as they're unwilling to do so, I'm going to distrust them.
[I don't living in Ukraine, i don't wanna judge, but when i look at this, it do not seems like a good place to live]
In Ukrainian  for me it's word "pig" with a 'village' dialect
No more euromoney
It seems like for me, there is some shift in personality or self-expression after all
Yanukovich
Lol The United States moved to stabilize the Euro when it had a rocky start at it's introduction, provide liquidity to European banks in danger of collapsing through a backdoor in our stimulus package, help bailout Southern Europe through the IMF, defend EU interests in Ukraine when the EU itself temporarily collapsed into in-fighting in the face of Russian aggression & then we tried to discourage Britain from leaving.
It can
Ukraine, Serbia, Moldova, Russia.
I've decided to include the drawings from Dagestan and Scotland as well, so they are marked with gray borders within their countries
I would be more sympathetic to the poking Russia stuff if they were doing a better job sorting out their other issues because I do get the desire to get back control of those areas even if I do think they should walk away from Minsk before doing so.
Speaking about Ukraine: there is no separate statistics for tourists, just for the whole number of visitors - including business trips, transit, and, most importantly, people from border regions that come for cheaper goods and leave on the same day
I don't think he made a good job while in the Ukraine crisis.
Hmm that’s a weird coincidence
Our food is not even remotely about "fast" but the thing that comes to mind when thinking about a snack in Kiev would probably be [Kyivska Perepichka] (a kind of a sausage roll)
Germany does not have any far reaching obligations to Ukraine not the same we have towards Poland or the Baltics.
I think that would give us the best context to talk about these sources that you posted:
Y'all better get on [Ukraine's level] damn.
So they've made an ad-free version but not only they forgot to notify the authorities but also to make a new deals with the providers.
Good advice on English,definitely going to start picking some phrases asap.
However, Crimea is indeed the most Ukrainian territory in Russia, the OP isn't wrong.
We used to have a carpet there but disregarded it all the time, so we've removed the carpet and now it's just linoleum which is easy to mop
It has nothing to do with freedom of movement and everything to do with puerile punishment.
I think majority of kids have a summer camp experience
We are American, I am white-ish male and my girlfriend who is mixed black.
"Eneyida" (1798) by Ivan Kotliarevsky
But what about TrashSmash
Or is it most likely gonna beat your naked ass
The list keeps growing lmao
Any suggestions otherwise are blatant Ukrainophobia.
E.g.,
It's a bit rich to label all the governments as "pro-Russian", you got Ukraine there, and Z-Man over here in Cz.
An imported variety and available throughout the year
Sorry, what
Either IT guy or janitor
There always have been folk artists of all ages: kids, teens, young adults and adults, older people, elderly
But Russia doesn't intend to attack EU and NATO members, I mean why would he do that anyway?
And Poles aren't interested much in Ukraine, it's a cultural grey zone.
For Orban a little less but still Russian friendly.
If those are eastern countries, I guess Belarus and Ukraine are Asian :-)
No hard feelings here, I'm chill with whoever's trying to make a living here that doesn't involve smuggling cigs across either border regardless of their ethnicity or faith
But I say Russia
;_;
Speakers of languages that have less than 1 million speakers, how much content is being created/translated in your language?
Most people outside of Ukraine itself know almost nothing about our history, often conflating it with russian one
> the most important matter of the century
Why do you keep calling me Greek-hating?
You're describing a huge chunk of Ukrainian society unfortunately, but this isn't what I see in /r/ukraina.
Sherlock Holmes series
Well, I guess the winters in Arizona aren't that cold
47,6% is not "slightly more" then 28,2%
EE(especially what I drfined it as for this post) has a lot beautiful nature.
"Зробились ми великої години"?
In Western Ukraine, the most beautiful architecture is from Austria-Hungary times
Then there're Germans whose faces are rectangular or square, with a wide but short chin
What about countries like Germany, Netherlands, Spain.
A coup d'etat is a forceful change
Syrian war shown that they are death traps if enemy infantry has modern ATGMs.
Now when I think about it, I assume that Dmytro Vyshnevetsky is so well known coz we have an old Cossack [duma] about him (created in 16-17 century) but obviously have nothing about Jarema or Michał.
And that's why our are not red.
If anything, they showed that EU alone was not strong and committed enough to fulfill its geopolitical goals to completion.
Lol at those comments saying Russia is defending itself from the USA inside of Ukraine.
Russians themselves were the greatest Nazis allies at the beginning of WW2, with the common deeds included their friendly devision of Poland, and then outnumbered any other of ethnic groups within the collaborationist forces
Yeah, I don't think anything would happen from the EU's side, really.
Im so glad to not have grown up in a commie block.
Since when are you from Montenegro?
And there were many volunteers.
Yanukovich was a complete moron.
Then reintroduce 3rd May constitution with some changes to make it more democratic.
Not like those Russian bastards arming russophiles in Ukraine, lol.
Informally and poetically we call a crescent "a moon sickle" or "a young sickle" if it's a growing crescent
Some tracks aren't electrified.
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Yokohama, Kawasaki  Fukushima  and  Nagasaki
I don't consider Kazakhstan, Georgia, Turkey, Azerbaijan and Armenia to be part of Europe.
From what I was able to gather from various sources (and it's my impression, which might not be factually true), the Ukrainian armed forces have steadily been creeping towards the border - quietly, in the night, 200 m at a time.
You couldn't pay me enough to even visit your Soviet Reunion, so I'm not sure why you keep saying "you".
And contrary to what you are claiming, they are keeping the diplomatic options open.
Nah, Slovakia is awesome outside of Old Town of Bratislava
I'm not sure about the fifth, really depends on the era we are talking about
He does his part in the war by paying his taxes that are most likely much much more than what the average ukrainian does pay.
Like they don't care about that
Lotta singers in our country make crap music
Despite the part of the forest I was in was maintained (some sand roads, no wild suppling undergrowth under older trees, etc
Massive attacks in the region of Donetsk.
As we now know, the truck driver probably wasn't a hero, but just one of the 12 victims.
The rabid neighbour isn't going enywhere.
It can be taught as foreign language in school program
Isn't it the source of surprise though?
Ukraine and Syria were the last straws.
IMO, this is what I call "back to the roots". Poor people in Ukraine mentally live in one month/week/day, they're able to survive on their own without the state as long as they're physically capable
Your argument on both counts seems to be no.
It was hard to learn, but now I can speak with you
Nope, those are, probably, the result of US Americans being encouraged to voice their opinions on any issue, even when those opinions are baseless
What are the supposed pluses of Article 13
Nobody is in prison for this, so probably nothing.
No, I'm not saying it's ok, obviously, I think that people should make a point of travelling through Ukraine to show respect for Ukrainian sovereignty.
And it's "police" that drew first blood.
Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Ukraine, Serbia and Russia among others are European countries.
The end result was Jewish and Romanians becoming minorities in Ukrainian Bukovina.
Georgia hasn't but this is more due to lobbying from both EU and Russian sources which inevitably leads to friction.
All these countries invoke Article 5.
That's hilarious
And we have a loooong history of totalitarianism in Europe.
Putin is a martial artist, but if his ice hockey “performance” is indicative of his martial arts skill, Russia might have problems
You might shiver in short sleeves and shorts, but overall you're fine
And German
Russian domestic propaganda goes bonkers.
want some salad, you poor man, you?
Also that "feel of gender" lets you down sometimes
The only transgression the Russian singer is accused of is singing in Crimea after Russia's annexation.
Especially when it became so mainstream that even India and private companies do it.
You are the only ones to joke about yourselves, its almost kinda sad.
I need to spend a day in travel to apply for a EU visa, why can't they spend a couple hours applying for Ukraine's permit to get into Ukrainian territory without breaking the law?
#.22Ukraine.22_versus_.22the_Ukraine.22
Poland didn't have the facilities to prevent a Nazi invasion.
Zelenskiy won like 72% of the vote in Ukraine while Poroshenko won everywhere other than Ukraine
The dough is usually soft and airy, but if you make *varenyky* with meat or other non-sweet fillings, you can make the dough flat and simple, like for *pelmeni*.
Again, if they are discussing how to fight in Ukrainian cities _on state owned TV_, it means they have the desire to do so.
Like i said a while ago when you posted this question to /r/askreddit i don't think that a lot has changed here, apart from some Ukrainians seeking refuge here.
Edit: wanted to add that my Ukrainian vocab is a little more pretentious/bookish/flowery, and Russian is more relaxed/casual
And where does pure alphabet come from?
It's nice to see that not all Russians are brain-washed and blinded with their love for Putin
There're also other names that were calqued from yet again Greek or Latin, for example:
I don't see Dutch people frothing at the mouth over an MH17 joke, let alone actually *prosecute* people over one.
You are telling this to someone from a country where both communist and nazi regimes killed millions of innocent people
I always say that to my Polish friends to ruffle their jimmies.
I understand the mindset, because democratic transformation is a giant leap of faith and is not a painless process.
You mean like the 18 intelligence agencies stating it was Russia they hacked the DNC.
on a third day of celebration, few people visit people, that were celebrating previous three days, at home and "steal" chicken (ask politely, but everybody pretends it is a theft)
Both Russia and Ukraine and Crimea all agreed that Crimea was part of Ukraine.
Elderly people often call each other using patronymics only, e.g., *good morning, Oleksandrivna* (literally, a daughter of Oleksandr, of-Oleksandr), *did you see the concert on TV last night
**1)** We had regional elections on October 25
Wouldn't say so
I mean I just took the face from the second photo and placed it over the first one
Crimea wont be recognised globally to be part of Russia before that happens.
If one of these is attacked, France will fight, but such a scenario is extremely unlikely and shouldn't shape our whole russian relationship.
Your budget seems fine, but keep in mind some of those cities are super expensive.
Yeah it would be better to leave Ukraine to Poland or Turkey because Ukrainians are Poles and Turks.
And our plane is at 7AM
These statelets have reduced Donbas from a crippled heavy-industry region, that was one of the larger economic powerhouses in Ukraine, to a failed, crimelord infested, demolished quasilegal entity, that contains only militants and old civilians.
Yeah, and Russian citizens including professional military just went hiking near Ukrainian border and got lost
In it he describes that Ukrainians have lived on the Earth for thousands of years and took part in almost all main events in history
In winter we mostly have imported apples and some late/hard local apples - 2-5 varieties altogether
She (her organisation) basically kidnapped children from Russian-occupied Eastern Ukraine, and smuggled them into Russia.
That means sanctions will be lift off, no repercussions on whats happening in Ukraine with probability for US to cut some ties with Ukraine to push them in Russian sphere more (all depends on EU, if we keep our stance Ukraine might have chance to join west).
We use standard Slavic layout ЙЦУКЕН. With some added letters like І, Ї, Ґ and Є
To get immediately crashed by the second biggest army in the world?
Yeah, ninja'd it in)
Our main problem is that the majority of people don't give the most minuscule shit about anything beyond their doorstep
Recent history in Ukraine and Syria shows that we aren't always willing to fight for political interests.
which compromises the reactor's shielding
All Ukrainians on Reddit are the same person -> me
Everybody's gotta go back to work on Monday, sadly
In this upside down world everything is not what is looks like.
Thanks for letting me know what true values are for sissy Europeans like yourself.
Phoenix constantly had Russian surrogates on who gave their point of view.
148, Criminal Codex), applied to Orthodox Christians in Pussy Riot case, as well as some other less publicised ones, for example Pokemon hunting in the church.
Now, islamic terrorists are much better at this sort of thing, because they effectively dose their atrocities, and they choose their audience well.
Very noticeable change since the start of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
And that is the reason why when the city was rebuilt from rubble that it was in, it wasn't rebuilt in the Prussian/German styles.
We use this word quite often (*пафос*, also *патетика* i.e. emphatic theatrical suffering), so the English adjective *pathetic* meaning sad/pitiful sounds to me a little
That's because it was heavily influenced by old chirch Slavonic ages ago.
Upon arrival, they were told that russian speaking guide will arrive with group in an hour, and the guy there could only talk in croatian
That would mean annexing whole of Belarus, parts of Russia and Poland, also whole Western Ukraine.
Yes, and they're already kind of independent (if you can call being a puppet of Russia independence), but we are at war with them
There are camps from Soviet era, near the lakes or rivers mostly
Russia is predicted to grow 2 % this year.
Primary education is not available here
Baltic states maybe, but Finland has been watching you guys in action and has realised that artillery and land based missiles are required to keen the Russians at bay, and they have been buying massively in the last few years.
Even in Ukraine Russian army had big problems and huge casualties against an weak and unprepared enemy.
Instead of being the single voice of Europe, the EU is just another voice of the 28, yelling creating a cacophony of sound with little results.
Eastern Ukraine will be annexed in time.
It's the loss for your party
I suspect, it's [Kazka - Плакала \(Cry\)]
Ukraine on arms market: reality and myths ( x-post from /r/Ukraine )
Looks like the plague of fracturing is infecting the Germany from the Northern Italy
), the forest was still vast and looked the same everywhere
Excuse me, my history is a bit dizzy
Unfortunately most neo classic architecture in EE is kitch af.
Of course i don't consider them any kind of "right".
Ahh I'll keep in mind for some of those more northern cities.
The map gives us the same score as goddamn Belarus, which to the best of my knowledge, doesn't have *any* protections whatsoever.
I think Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia would disagree.
They allow people to interact with each other and actually know your neighbors
But nevertheless Ukraine is still there
* **World** or **Foreign Literature**, which is everything you can think of: ancient, classic, and modern literature; poems and prose; Asian, European, American literature
I don't give a shit
Ukraine systematically oppressed Russians in Ukraine by not making Russian language a regional language in Russian-majority areas.
By that spoiled logic you may come to not tolerate any greetings and up to the most of the dictionaries' content at all in modern Europe, which is still under heavy influence of Russian bribed political establishment
This whole situation is because Ukraine is moving away from Russia and toward the West, so his choice to not go to Russia can be seen as part of that.
I think it makes a big enough dent in Russian's rep of the dominant language in the cultural domain
The 2018 Russian Putin election
Listen, I'm Ukrainian, and I want them to fail as much as the next guy.
So this decision is most likely more political than it is religious.
Do Ukrainians want Crimea
Also our government tries to copy estonian digitalization because its the best
I don't think Russia has a vested interest in annexing Baltic states or the rest of the Ukraine.
Ironically, Russia is trying to keep Ukraine from being more Euro-focused.
Edit: And as far as I remember you can't join EU if there are any conflicts on your soil, but I might be mistaken.
It's slow and why would I do it
Well, we had only one monarch - [Daniel of Galicia] so we don't have much choice
Yep, but the election are coming and all things that we done can be destroyed!
All the ones that went the way of the West are doing better relatively speaking.
No, but Ukraine doesn't have the military might required to go on a full-on war with Russia.
The shady bribes, the killings, the threat of war.
Did you ask the Crimeans if they want to be back in the Ukraine?
But what's the point of asking this?
Ukrainians **1m**
In particular, our family loves watching Harry Potter on Christmas Day too
There's no way China is more corrupt than Ukraine.
Princely seal of the rulers of Kyivan Rus, [Tryzub]#Tryzub) (trident).
I suggest, nobody should take a chance and doubt it.
There tends to be a mirror in almost every bathroom now a days.
А = but
PS: in new year's speech his main idea was "doesn't matter what's the name of street, or whose monument is on street important is only that street is with new asphalt and that next to those monument couples are meeting for date". Idea, which is popular among people who don't think that national identity is important
But i realy don't like many of rules wich make no sence, for exemple writing and speling of words where one letter can make 3 sounds or not make sound at all
Which makes Putin's move with Ukraine so much more strange.
If suspect that Minsk2 will finally collapse there.
Being a Russian nationalist, Navalny does not support Crimea returning to Ukraine.
Terrorism from breakaway states (georgia).
Putin stays in Ukraine - the country has a chance of falling apart due to the sanctions.
Mordor is like a sunny summer day
But now I actually think that sounds like a terrific idea.
Think about it like this: the currency is stable, the streets are clean, you have a job, you have a car, the medical care is free, you live in the city with all the modern attractions
If you somehow don't consider that above mentioned events have decisive effect on Ukraine GDP slump, we have nothing to talk about.
The 2018 Russian Putin election
> They use seahorses, duh
But I am posting in /r/Europe because I'm asking about situation in Europe.
Yes, it did
Lithuania is a great ally :)
I think there are no Ukrainians on reddit
Honestly who would even care about that today?
Russia Today is harmless compared to the propaganda for the domestic audience.
Without cases or genders, she yet still looks enough looking like English
We are already at undeclared war in 7 countries and the Hillary and the neocons have made it quite clear that they want to provoke a military confrontation with Russia; the coup in Ukraine and the no-fly zone over Russia's sovereign ally Syria.
I would be because it would really benefit my country
just dont want to go to war over Ukraine
We do similar thing on [Ivana Kupala] We need to jump over a fireplace 3 times with our loved ones
Exactly
Sending military equipment and supplies is good, but won't help in long run
atleast not in the near future.
We don't have much in common with Belarus, but a lot with Austria for instance.
Even if Ukraine were to join NATO (never in the table)
He will probably create another foreign enemy, like he did with Ukraine, to keep his population occupied with something other than their money being worth nothing
Škoda cars
And the dead become martyrs to boot.
I can't also remember - and I doubt /u/MoscowYuppie will elaborate on what he meant - when did Lukashenko do unequal deals with the EU, if he meant Belarus?
Let that sink in
yup, in March and somewhere in middle of autumn
Wow, they managed to do something useful for the world after such  a  terrible thing
There are certain millitaries only responsible to what amounts to catering.
And I also had to pay practically the same amount.
The minimum that we have in Ukraine, once was -23 at night
Ukraine already has a conflict going on and a lot of russophiles that are against NATO membership, Belarus is a communist dictatorship with even more russophiles.
But first mention from V th century
Headlines: IT'S 1944 IN POLAND AGAIN
Most of our agricultural output wouldn't be possible without them.
There is no way the Ukraine situation wasn't discussed before she took office.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has a clear goal and a grand strategy.
I personally think that minimum should be that if (theoretically) next vote will be in 3 days (or a week) - result not change.
Obama is far from a "very anti-Russian president", he has stopped congress from passing bills to ship arms to Ukraine and tried to reestablish ties after Russia's invasion of Georgia.
But the problem is: borders are closed, and we can't buy some of the cool tasty products (as fruits and cheese)
Poland and Lithuania have been Ukraine's most ardent advocates in the EU, among other venues.
But the rooms have carpets and they're for house slippers only (hope it makes sense)
Point in case
I see, thank you for clearing it out for me
Politicians being sprayed with zelenka has been a long-standing custom in Ukraine, for example.
Sometimes I wonder if I use too much, but otherwise, the melody of the sentence breaks, and it's difficult to read
If the Ukraine couldn't do it without civil war, I doubt Romania can.
People discussing how it happened, I just dont understand.
Ukraine was destabilised without military force, then the Russians sent in a small amount of reinforcements to prop up the separatist army.
Oh so you agree with the aggressive war against Ukraine?
This referendum was a clear example of how much influence Russia's hybrid war have on the internal policies of the EU.
Well
French government is not autoritarian.
Until the present most of the refugees have gone to the neighbouring states or to the countries with a close culture.
I'm sorry to disillusion you, but [Western Europe wouldn't defend eastern Europe] if the [polls] are accurate.
I'll just remind of[ Korean Air Lines Flight 007] shot down by russians in 1983 where they killed 269 people, were obstructing investigations and to this day paid no reparations
**Ivan Kotliarevsky** (poet)
Well if the majority of the inhabitant of Corsica were for independance.
Stepan Bandera he led brave insurgents against Soviet and German Fascist hordes
Stories tell of the first precious supplies of bread being given specifically to the (no longer) sick children, prompting an immediate relapse
Same thing with Russia/Ukraine.
>Slavic people
They don't fucking care about Ukraine, because they got what they actually wanted in the first place: Crimea.
Other folks have already said this but these drones are only effective against a certain type of enemy.
Why is Ukraine black, rather than gray?
As a guy from Donetsk, can confirm this is shit
They're often drunk and dgaf, so it adds to the impression
And it is exactly of that Russia nowadays claim basically entire eastern front to themselves
The first thing he declared after he became a president is a 10 days ceasefire.
I vastly prefer playing in English, but often certain publishers (*cough Ubisoft cough*) force Russian localization on us with no option for English.
The countries with no gay marriage/civil partnership rank much higher than us regardless.
Russia also wanted back Crimea so it attacked Ukraine.
The European Union should gradually phase out sanctions imposed against Russia over the Ukraine crisis if there is substantial progress in the peace process, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was quoted on Sunday as saying.
Alternatively, if Ukraine did what it agreed to do in Minsk, the conflict would also be over.
Or some websites that carry them like couchtuner.
2 frigates are planned too, but I guess the decision was to start with the cheaper stuff.
But the Russian word for "circle" itself is "*круг/krug*".
If Ukraine is to join a russian geopolitical projet at any point, Russia would have to actually offer something.
Occupying it literally means sawing a branch one is sitting on.
Their populist us-vs-them message made sure of that.
It was invaded to further Russia's objectives.
Where only the old city is nice, even though most are crumbling due to lacl of money for repairs.
It is usually the final /l/ that is changed, as in jšou but e.g.
Keyboard warriors: how social media is the weapon of choice in war in Ukraine
Green ("white filling", usually from east), red (usually from Karpaty and near Romania) and hybrid (apple + pear etc
For instance, staying in Ukraine was "the safe choice" as nothing would change, but joining Russia was a huge gamble with a lot of uncertainties and many of them are yet to be solved.
I guess our side is too crooked to have a single one lol.
Their excuses are so weak it is almost laughable.
I mean I'm no friend of Russia by a long shot but all this fuss about sanctions has done fuck all to stop Russia's meddling in Ukraine.
I live in America and I haven't heard ANYTHING about this on months, I hate modern day society.
Every comprehensive person understands that it's our fight with Russianization, not minorities like Hungarians and others
list of Russian singers who performed in Ukraine is as comprehensible as quantum physics.
What is and what's not Ukraine is pretty fluid these days.
Even some teachers at schools just ignoring smoking and drinking kids
This isn't about "provoking russia", no.
It's how democracy works, you should've been voting and explaining this to people 2 years ago
If the French want to spend billions of Euros and thousands of lives protecting Eastern Europe we should let them.
The topic was about the province of Crimea (58% Russian) to Estonia (25%).
I've always consiered the "west" to be everything once catholic, as historians should agree.
You could try to offer other metric.
Moreover, a major part of our history is indeed a tough struggle for own freedom, against tyranny and anti-human movements
He might have started rapping early in life
Well, I never moved, but culturally and economically we became closer to Europe and further from Russia, so uh, this
Dismantle the EU and Russia will pick the countries one by one.
If Nokia went with Android back in 2011, they would be still alive today.
If anything, most people would think I'm weird because I buy a lot of games.
Yeah, your parents beat you because of your school grades.
is this the real life
Königsberg is retured to Germany, or more likely is made a dependant of the EU, thus locking Russia out of the Bultic sea.
Even if a treaty was signed, not much would change.
It is not controlled by the Serbian government however, so no, Kosovo is not really Serbia.
He calls hitler a german around 4 minutes.
This kind of bond with our circumstances back n the days was difficult to make
Maidan revolution tossed some figures, but haven't changed ruling style in general.
The ones they have were provided by the USA and are not very effective.
They are now a member of niether NATO nor EU, so no one will risk nuklear war to protect them
Odesa, Ukraine
Serbia is the aggressive eagle one
That second usage is great, I need to steal that haha
Although I have no love for Russia, and see no particular reason to defend them.
Ukraine: TV Channel Ordered Banned- Human Rights Watch News Release
While this does not shout ‘culpability’ from every corner, it is no different than the US military’s habit to place bases in places that they want to gain political control.
But I don't think Putin's annexations should be rewarded.
Germany, Russia, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Austria, Switzerland, Kosovo, Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Belarus, Ukraine - I have spoken to people from all of those countries.
that Belarus and Ukraine were totally BFFs with Russia since forever
But the full-on switch from one code to another is, apparently, too much
Russia has no resources to effectively occupy any country that can put out any resistance.
All those cruel and insidious georgian attacks on russia, and heroical movement of russian tanks, it was all bullshit.
So, all in all, yeap, a buffer zone.
Rest of the counties form a chain loop
EU ministers press Russia over fighting in Ukrainep
Why was Ukraine not sanctioned for annexing Crimea in 1954?
Sure, Mother Russia is always with them, want they or not.
To enjoy
This is a smear by the Council of Europe, a defunct non-entity.
They agreed to give them up, but in exchange they got the Budapest memorandum.
Then, if the client wishes to switch to Russian or English, they can ask, and the service person can agree
What are your thoughts on the EU's stance on the migrant issue and the Ukraine crisis?
And to give them money you somehow need to earn them.
It's smaller, after Truce of Andrusov in 1667.
I think it better to look at representation & Ukraine does better there than a lot of other countries we wouldn't expect these types off.
Well, I'm not perfect, maybe another Ukrainian will thank you better
Once again it's fault of west if Russia did something.
This question is too broad and depends completely on where you're going on this continent of fifty or so countries.
I've never seen any person here who would keep eggs outside of the fridge
>rebels
"yzarC ni kciD ruoY tuP t'noD"
Russia knew NATO didn't have the appetite for war over Ukraine, hence NATO buildup in the east to at the very least give the appearance that they are serious.
Sorry but the EU army cannot wait.
* [Example 5]
Hillary Clinton's email sever leak allegedly killed 5 US service men in eastern Europe during the invasion of Ukraine says source at CIA.
You do realize that's virtually the same thing people said before WW1, right?
It was hardly noticeable that there was a war ongoing in the eastern part of the country.
Belarus is a completely different case than Ukraine.
And what to do regarding the unlawful government in Ukraine?
Which was brief in the Western part but never stopped to be in USSR and Ukraine.
Many Ukrainians have Cossack nicknames as surnames
"Kaidash's Family" (1878) by Ivan Nechuy-Levytsky
Russia invaded Ukraine, that's a fact, and started backing separatist elements that would have never otherwise functioned had the regional power not gotten involved.
Being "pro-western" vs "pro-russian" is deciding whose a*s to kiss, but as Ukraine are 10 years behind even bulgaria politically - they'd be fooled easily into the whole 'western democracy' scam popularized by the West.
I believe it is the other way around, the EU doesn't want Ukraine.
In summer-autumn, the assortment also includes local seasonal apples with soft and juicy apple meat
Ukraine is neutral but Hungary...everybody knows about Romania and Hungary, Im sure you do too.
Because that's a reaction to very serious violation of international law.
brobably sick of his collegues constantly changing
As of now, our media are in a kind of hybrid war with Russia
You can ridicule pretty much any international agreement like that...
They were leasing the naval facilities anyway, the agreement was to be renewed until 2040-something (forgot the exact date), then came the whole Maidan situation which yes, was unfortunate for Russia and threatened the lease, but they still could've attempted to secure their interests without outright invading a country and lying about it.
Claim Kosovo as Ukraine claims Crimea
The last two years this relationship has really goon downhill and the atmosphere.
Recently, thanks to Western Europe's PC ideology, the refugees/migrants from all around the globe understood that they can ignore the neighbouring countries/countries with similar culture/religion and head straight to Europe if they wish and have enough money to pay for the journey.
In other words, I've encountered this in action when people would listen to something in a foreign language with phrases in their native language scattered all over it
Russia nominates a singer in a wheelchair knowing that Ukraine is not keen on making an exception for her to enter their country when others who have entered Crimea via Russia cannot.
Downvoted for pointless shallow statement.
The Ukraine was a part of Russia for a long long time, and writers and singers are plentiful and of quality.
But they don't identify Ukraine as their motherland.
Depends on the region
Glad my country (bulgaria) narrowly escapes top 10 here...but still we're very close to Romania and the whole south-eastern europe seems pretty bad.
They seem to follow Rusian and Bulgarian(?) way of spelling Cyrillic (mostly because of ы and и), so I had a weird effect while reading - in my head I had to pronounce Cyrillic text in Russian way, while Latin text comes quite naturally using Ukrainian as a base.
To not be in poverty, and not have a generally pessimistic outlook on on economic growth of you country as well as your general ability to become moderately wealthy would be nice.
They have the NAVY on the North, you have oil
Tourism, previously Crimea's main industry, suffered in particular; it was down by 50% from 2014.
they are okay with their government killing many more people than that, even not only foreigners
I will be killed if nazism will get any hold of political power again (well, it tries it best in the USA currently and only came close in the country of my neighbors, France)
Wild boar
You get to the hundred thousands if you include the people enjoying a de facto refuge in poland despite not being officially registered as asylum seekers.
EU and NATO publicly denounced Russian takeover of Crimea and recognizes it as part of Ukraine under occupation.....so yea
Yeah, but mom phrases mutate and adjust themselves in unusual situations
I watched the trailer, it was exceptionally good, so I'm waiting for the release
While some of those steps seem to make sense from a russian geopolitcal standpoint (basically ruling the northern hemisphere bar US and china with a Russian-Franco-Germanic Axis), some of it seems very far fetched.
The polish pre-WW2 plan was to make Poles from Ukrainians living in todays western Ukraine, not to wipe them out.
I'm not religious but my thoughts and prayers are with Ukraine tonight.
Like, let's say you catch a wild hog with her piglets that stole your food
Oh, there totally is a racist element to it.
Ukraine would not be a good idea, if we want to keep the remaining goodwill from Russia.
If they do, then new sanctions are required.
Don't push this old Soviet/Russian propagandist idea again
Actually, I hope Ukrainians will post some of her remarks from Vkontakte as well.
A Polish dude also has an oval face, but this upside-down egg has a cleft chin or more pronounced cheekbones
This conflict can only be solved diplomatically.
So no, as a Ukrainian, Russians are not cool
Can confirm
That's why they argue, not because they speak different dialects
These are people that don't know much about politics or world affairs anyway.
European countries where it will not be valid are Russia, Turkey, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Albania, Serbia, BiH, Montenegro, Macedonia (the country, not the region in Greece, that one is ok), Kazakhstan, Liechtenstein, Andorra, Kosovo, San Marino and Vatican City.
Somehow find this a good moment to clash with basically every EU country.
At this point it's not clear where Trump's conflicts of interest lie.
We easily understand Russian, because all Ukrainians can speak Russian, but we hate, when people call us Russians
ah, yes, and we have song about that:
Russia Introduces a Border Zone With Belarus
Waiting for Hungarians to remind us that there's a thing called Central Europe
In short, we have two separate classes:
Hold my beer
Cannot sing
Besides though, the Palestinians actually prefer an actual one-state solution to a two-state solution.
Maybe you should put cardboard tank suit on her?
"Каак пагодка в Маааскве?"
The Donbass is another question all together, I think Ukraine might (hopefully) be able to get that back.
As harsh as it sounds, the Ukraine is not an EU/Nato member because they didnt want to be.
Or maybe this was all approved from the Ukraine crises , and not a knee-jerk reaction like you claim ?
Russia also had a agreement with Ukraine that they will respect its sovereignty (Ukrainian rule over Crimea included) in return of Ukrainians giving up their nuclear weapons......They blatantly ignored that agreement, so NATO can do the same.
I was looking for this one
It is not necessary to know about the animals that the Chinese do not eat and then fall ill with a new type of flu
Same
As far as I understood, you'll still be able to watch Dozhd on their website in Ukraine, am I right?
As for the "vote", for it to be seen as legitimate, the Ukrainian government would have to hold it and it would have to be across all of Ukraine.
You should ask what the Ukraine thinks about this.
Ukraine is no more "Europe" than Russia
**05/2014** [Ukraine Stops Water Supply to Crimea]
I hope the situation will change
Maybe Russian propaganda is a lot more effective than Western, but people tend to get really fed up with wars after a couple years no matter how gung ho they were initially.
Yet you're here talking about something which is happening in the Soviet Reunion.
If only they invested in similar technologies in the east.
Everybody knows that Ukraine is not trustworthy.
Do you criticize as well Russian invasion in Ukraine
Lviv definetly worth a visit, especially if you are into good food/good alcohol type of tourism
We can relate
This variety is rich in iron and can be stored through the whole cold season
I lived in a dorm with cockroaches
No, I don't trust the quality of our pipes and water
If Ukraine don't allow Russians into the country, then they can't host a competition of which Russia is a part
I want us to go ahead with this as soon as possible, because the support for Ukraine might unravel with Trump and quite likely Fillon in France so in the future, it might be even more difficult to push through any supporting measures for Ukraine.
Well yeah, no shit, Sherlock, Lithuania is richer than Ukraine (who is the most poorest country in the Europe right now).
Ukraine cut off supplies of water through the North Crimean Canal, causing the 2014 rice crop to fail, and greatly damaging the maize and soybean crops.
Uncle told him - kay, let's go, talk in croatian, just slowly
Maybe a little bit less authoritarian, but that's probably about it
Just so you know not to hope for anything regarding mh-17
fish and chips FTW
What, and leave poor Moldova all alone with Ukraine?
The argument was the population will.
Ukraine has the most beautiful in my opinion.
Well, it's a little more complicated than a simple number can say
&#x200B;
Gopniks
Except Turkey and Russia clearly disagree on many important things.
I guess each school decides if they have the means to heat the building
Can relate to party+beach destinations
"Fascist" Azov battlion ( according to russian propaganda) was funded by a jewish oligarch
If I have company I must to provide all documents about it.
When Russia attacked Ukraine...*
This is simply a matter of national security.
There's a paramilitary of Crimean Tatars holding a chunk of border with occupied Crimea.
and since a lot of people have moved out since I doubt the numbers have grown for any group save for Roma
I'm not saying they will be bought or sold or conquered.
What Is Donald Trump Even Saying About Ukraine?
No, I read as usual and sometimes come back to an interesting thread and sort by new replies
IMF delays more aid to Ukraine to assess cost of blockade
Polski jabka, dobre jabka
To be fair he was probably using the language of his own country, where they do speak about [ethnic \[nations\] within the country; \(Poles, Belarusians, Russians, Jews\).]#After_World_War_II) Jews aren't a race, but in some contexts it's an identity.
But unfornately I misplanned a little and have not so much time in Lviv.
They on vacation
But where are we gonna work then
Go on with appeasing them and it's not going to make the situation any better
Extra senses and REN tv just had the biggest bullshit
Leadership from Kiev that doesn't want or can't speak the language of Crimea's majority?
It only causes problems and conflicts
Those troops are deterrent to Russia from even thinking do anything in the region against NATO members, like it did with non-NATO members - Georgia and Ukraine.
This how it would work in a usual world
I hate Putin, I hate the invasion of Ukraine, I hate their anti-gay laws, I hate that they don't care about the truth, I hate their propaganda, I hate the denial on /r/Russia
I'm fine with different currency as long as everywhere my domestic card is accepted
[This] was nonexistent
Unless in 2 years time EU will create united navy and invade UK island I predict next to 0
Brown bear in Carpathians and Polissya, wisent, steppe viper and forest viper(Ukraine)
They were free to decide on their own for decades.
It describes the whole picture around it: you do understand that she could not just take those orphans from Ukraine and bring them through border to Russia without permit from Kremlin?
It's not about bending others to our will, it's about not being bent over by others to theirs.
Good point - maybe they should end this artificial division and merge Belarus, Ukraine and Russia again and rename it Kievan Rus.
But countries like France and England are very different in comparison to countries like Ukraine and Belarus.
There's Russian proverb like that, except it's the stick that shoots
If you want a Russian soup, try [щи/shchi]
>"We believe that the territory of our state should be made dangerous for the lives of our citizens "
Well killing Jews was a returning theme for all the "rebirths of Ukraine" - Chmielnicki, Petlura, UPA...
They do not disclose the name of the author of the video.
A little off topic, but to me it's fascinating how quickly has Estonia got rid off soviet mentality completely
However, Hungarians of Ukraine should receive education in the official state's language for their own sake - so they can integrate into society of their country
And people are fuking okay with it
It's not even 5 out of 10 on my delusional-dictator-meter
That's why I pirate those games.
Thanks, definitely gonna watch it now.
But what we do know is that IKEA got into several scandals over  [illegal deforestations in Ukraine and export of our wood] like we don't have enough of our own problems, Sweden came to help
All these arrests are related to Hizb ut-Tahrir -- extremist Islamic organization which is banned in Russia.
Nobody is calling for a compensation but a right to repatriate to our homeland.
Well, for some purist such a mix may look weird
I haven't been to Ukraine though, so I can't confirm.
Obama had a great personality but in my opinion he was a shit president in terms of international work.
Shooting down a Ukrainian plane might make sense, but not this.
I surely swear less, don't drink vodka anymore, and even don't pray to tsar, - but I believe it's about self-development and education, not language switch
If Dublin was Kyiv, war would be located in Amsterdam, and if Dublin was Lviv - then in Berlin.
That it is insulting to get called Russian as a Ukrainian
Just a guess, but maybe some British businessmans are preparing for Brexit by moving some enterprises to Ireland?
EU to extend anti-Russian sanctions over Ukraine next week – journalist
It sucks for those outside of it.
But in case of party and president it's always lesser evil
[c'mon] Play for over 500000 prizes
For example, in Ukrainian you can form an adjective for any place to indicate a person or thing that came from there or their allegiance to it
Crimea is not recognized as a sovereign state so the judge ruled they have to be handed (back) to Ukraine as opposed to the Crimean museums.
People work on land, preserve own produce for the winter, make their own stuff, fix clothes until they fall apart, sell what they grow, and become pretty autonomous from the state
So, with that in mind, tell me again why do you need a free press or elections
I know a guy who has 200 m to Ukraine.
Viktor Yanukovich, I guess
It did not line up with her views at all.
* Randomny - random
We have some differences between how we say things in the East and the West but generally you can't distinguish them unless you're a native speaker
Technically, we can return Crimea to Turkey though.
At school they wouldn't expect an answer if I used British English, one time in an English exam I wrote
Why can't Russians do this shit to each other somewhere in Siberia?
Schadenfreude towards Russia and sympathy towards Ukraine case.
I guess you know way more about the Serbs, living that much closer to them so I wouldn't argue with your position
Thank you
Nah, not only it's grammar is far easier than the most of European languages, but it's pop culture sphere is the biggest of all languages
Cevapi and rakiat make everything better.
Last time they deployed regular forces against UAF in Debaltsevo this was accompanied by shitstorm of propaganda and russian-owned banks in Ukraine selling currency as it's the last day.
Idk, sounds strange to me
Why aren't the western Balkans and Ukraine in, and our Caspian Sea access is not guaranteed on this map, 4/10 would not federalist
Elderly people usually boil the water or don't care at all
Being half-Russian living in Ukraine I witnessed all this hysteria and hypocrisy on the Russian federal channels, when what we call ATO (anti-terrorist operation) unfolded 2014-2015
but are they lending money to the Ukrainian government?
If Ukraine is willing to trade getting the Donbass back for letting Crimea go it *could* happen.
This two Russian liberals are bad because they celebrate Hanukkah?
*"It's plural in Ukrainian too"*, I thought to myself, *"so why don't we
The Ukrainians had a right to feel threatened by a potential Trump presidency, given his sudden shift in stance on Ukraine during the run-up to the election:
Imagine learning the history of the country but theres no country
Not to mention current events in Georgia and Ukraine teach you all you need to know.
Didn't Ukraine receive visa free status on 24th November?
Ukraine, Georgia and Syria were their puppet states, they had full control of all three governments and had military bases all over the place.
We dont need everywhere to be a pure function for consumerism.
You're forgetting the threats to nuke sweeden and finland if you guys try to join nato.
I mean, Minsk is already stacked with  troops
And when going out, Ukrainians clearly prefer Asian, Italian or Georgian cuisine over Ukrainian
We thought we were going to do really well at first, and were happy with our selection.
On one school trip we saw a performance in the Lviv Opera and it was delightful.
When I was in school, he was showcased as a national hero and so on
where more people starve daily than all the people died in Ukraine.
Barack Obama wasn't really a war mongerer, he didn't commit actual troops to Ukraine or Syria while other presidents would of done it in a heartbeat.
Ukraine crisis made me change my mind.
Our healthcare system wouldn't handle even a couple of thousands of sick people with coronavirus
It is similar to Ukrainian,but there are a lot of silent sounds, like sz or nose vowels ę. When I studied Polish it was much easier to learn for me then foreigners I  with whom learned it,but it also was a challenge for me,especially writing
Plus getting a visa at my age is just too daunting.
[Just as reminder to europe]  **highly NSFW** (blood and death)
Because living standards in EU member Poland are about 3 times higher than in non-EU member Ukraine, and Ukrainians are coming to the EU by the millions to find work, even though Ukraine was highly industrialized during Soviet times.
>Do you mean pathos (if so I don't know what that means) or is that a typo of potatoes
So people try to make great Ukrainian dubs
>Also connected to Slovaks
Poland is one of the biggest Ukraine supporters of the world.
Well I think that Iraq wasn't a very unified society at all.
I don't know if it's exclusively Russian.
"The discovery of the cause of coeliac disease may also be partly attributed to the Dutch famine
What do I need in that quickie divorce?”
I love locally made cheeses and they cost a bit cheaper here but that's if you know where to buy
* Infrastructure constantly breaks
in cities I would say it is not really common
It's significantly cheaper and there'll be less concerns of it being overly crowded.
Some sources claim, that difference between East and West of Poland at that time was 1st vs 3rd world.
The issue is that I don't see how they could not be happy - they wanted to betray and leave Ukraine for 20 years.
And most people reside in them.
And last time I checked, Moscow wasn't crawling closer to Ukraine.
They could potentially attack you if they feel threatend, the general NATO/Russia border is getting closer and closer.
How would you know about the temperatures they get in the chanel?
Witnessed this behaviour myself from an employee at an airport(!), who yelled at two clueless Israeli guys in Ukrainian
And the church also decided that this should be the start of the big lent
Really cozy and beautiful city I would love to come back again and again
Please don't stop Білорусь !
Trumps team tried to soften the republicans stance on Ukraine during the conventions in July.
US slams Russia over increased violence in Ukraine
And on the north, we have a big region of swamps, so it provides additional security to the city
At least 1100 years, maybe older, but there's little evidence.
How do we know
We're pretty kind people originally
I don't generally agree with them in their conclusions, for instance on Russia.
Food, words, Belarus & Ukraine part of gdl, shared history of ussr (whether liked or disliked) etc.
Votes dont even matter in this case.
As has been stated before by Russian officials, and evidenced by the amount of badges and promotion given out.
And last time I heard Russians accusing someone of being like Nazi, Ukraine got invaded.
you will tend to push back through nationalism.
How would you reassure Ukraine of western and NATO backed support given the Trump presidency?
Budapest memorandum guaranteed sovereignty of Ukraine.
I was born in it, molded by it
If Ukraine declares war on Russia then Ukraine will have to deal with Russian army in open warfare.
And yet you jump in, selflessly, to defend nazism
Ukraine: There is going to be a Russia-West agreement to end the war.
If you call Ukraines refugees you need to do the same for most of the migrants arriving in Europe.
> Later it came under the control of the Grand Duchy of Moscow
Not so far ago EU and USA fuelled a coup in Ukraine
And right now, the list of reasons stopping China from buying access to published articles:
On the other hand, the eu business is known for stripping industries to their bones and force to sell or close them when not profitable.
We don't have many immigrants from Georgia or Armenia, but there are several from Ukraine and Russia.
They have the NAVY on the North, you have oil
Not so hard to start speaking with proper training
And it's Russian aggression that made it happen.
I'd like to ask you: what sources do you prefer to read about situation in Ukraine?
Ukraine accused the Russia of explosions in warehouses near Kharkov
So you guys taking the old name russia gave us?
But see, he doesn't have brown skin and is rich so clearly strong justice is not necessary!
I would argue that the security environment has changed from 1997 with Russia invading Ukraine etc...
The Italian movie reminds me of these, unlike the Disney animation
It's not a successor to Athens League but the modern Greece is very much a successor of the Byzantine Empire
minorities should be minor, that is why they are minorities, they shouldn't dominate.
But Austria is like second home for me (over 2 months in Vienna and Niederösterreich)
Especially if terrorists on Donbass did not allow to transfer those children to Ukraine and wanted them go only to Russia as it would create a perfect propaganda picture for them:
Why is it being downvoted
It is still have million soldiers.
Do Bulgarians understand the lyrics or was it more like a catchy tune when the lyrics don't matter
too much in the US sphere of influence.
Only bad thing economically that people migrate to Poland, but this is not Poland's fault
Germany is doing a great job of being a huge economical powerhouse and a regional power as it is.
Russia: A potential game-changing lawsuit comes before the International Court of Justice
There definitely is a unique relationship going on here.
Nothing new
Our current president's electorate consisted mostly of this people
There were [russians] among cops killing people there.
It's normal in Ukraine and, as far as I know, in other Slavic countries too
Oh wow, this one’s really nice as well
>And do Ukrainians think of Russian as one of (behind Ukrainian) "their" languages, or as the language of the invader
Vladimir Zhirinovsky goes into hysterics about US, Europe and Ukraine
To exit, you need to enter first
again, I think it's sarcastic map -not an opinion poll.
The village is located near Kyiv and it's name consists of 25 letters
Oh shit GTFO its grandpa frost with his communism again!
will become again a bridge between the East and the West
I'm sorry if I offended any Serbs though, that wasn't my intention
Bosniaks would never let that happen.
We are talking about singers and other public performers.
There, saved you the time and trouble of posting here.
The war is against people of this region who, sure, are getting help from Russia.
It is so fucking good, very much so looking towards having some this Christmas.
The West should have retaliated in Syria to what Russia is doing in Ukraine.
Does anyone have paintings/sketches of what it was planned to look like back in the 18 century?
Also add fact that we for the last 20 years wanted to be buffer state - not with Russia, not with the West
This is incredibly insensitive and minkist language
What differences are in their policies and plans for presidency
Do you use the calque OP mentioned
It's either a moving service where you're able to pick the size/model of the vehicle and rent it hourly or a postal/delivery service that works as an intermediate between the seller and the buyer
[KHAYAT - От і вся лбв]
So yeah, your image isn't that good over here
Well, in Ukraine it’s surely is Şikidim, both in Turkish and Ukrainian
The law is not unjust, and a similar law is written into the code of almost every country with a problem like Ukraine.
Is anyone surprised
It also says "in the current and foreseeable security environment".
Russia invaded Ukraine and likes to fuck up it's neighbours.
Put some wracked cars and smashed windows and it's done
It funds Nazi parties, it hacks and riggs our elections, it threatens our Trading partners and refers to us as "gayrope".
As a reminder of similar actions today is an anniversary of German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939.
The real issue is not of course to simply admit a mistake and pay out compensation, the real issue is to admit engaging in an undeclared war of aggression against another sovereign state
A long long time she had been praying:
I know what i'm saying
_So shall melt away the foe,_
The association agreements with Ukraine and Turkey were initiated in a completely different political climate, as well as in completely different countries.
Extra senses and REN tv just had the biggest bullshit
Hey, no one hates normal russians just like that.
Now if polls showed that Crimea residents support the incorporation of their peninsula in Russian Federation it does not change the fact that their homeland was conquered by Russian Army.
I assume they were either polish(Lwów) or russian(Lvov)
The 2 times it got betrayed and thus got divided by Poland and Russia
Also Ukraine 1 and Romania 13, seems to imply that Romania is 13 times richer than Ukraine, which is complete bullshit.
One more option: old 15" CRT Monitor (1024x768)
People with a hyphenated first or last name aren't common, but they do exist
Our current president is a former actor and comedian
I came here to say it looked like shit.
How is Ukraine today not credible?
I've no idea about this "lover hierarchy", besides, Slavic people are different within themselves
The situation of Ukraine and Crimea is quite difficult, Ukraine claims one thing, Crimea another, Russia a third, and then there was that vote, which had been planned and accepted far in advance of the current issues, so that would carry some interesting legal permutations, and of course there is the international definition of Autonomous, again so very complicated,
In Ukraine everyone calls it Czechia anyway
Was talking about Baltics, Baltics aren't in open enagement with Russia like Ukraine and Georgia are, Moldova just elected ( i think) a pro russian leader, so idk
She screwed up with Ukraine, screwed up with Greece, screwed up with the migrants, screwed up with the UK, screwed up with everything basically.
I didn't know that [the Great Patriotic War] that started in 1941 wasn't exactly the same war as WWII that started in 1939
The other spin would be: "see, she was on Crimea.
Documentation is only in Ukrainian
Ofc he wants Ukraine but i was talking about the people of the country.They prob.
None of kievan rus people ever identity themselves as modern Ukrainians, Russians and Belarusians do now, they identified themselves by their own standard and right.
People usually have one first name and one last name
The world is not divided into Greek lovers and Greek haters.
That would a good thing, though I highly doubt it
Otherwise, she would be denied a visa on those grounds.
Crimea was annexed, 4 other regions are almost there and not just Ukraine I am talking about here.
Chilly - 0/5
That was one of the reasons why they attacked Ukraine, to stop them from becoming a memeber.
It's common for dictatorships like ones of Assad or Poutine to make country=government false equivalency.
That's literally how they think
While discrimination is far from good, **killing** millions of civil people just for them being Jews/Ukrainians is far, far worse
source: am from countryside, farmed poultry
It was part of the wider Soviet famine of 1932–33, which affected the major grain-producing areas of the country.
and they are welcome too (as far as I can tell from my experience).
The hard **Ґ** transliterates to G (in English: *gossip, gallery*)
Also these people wanted to make a independence referendum around 1991/1992 but weren't let by Kiev, why shouldn't they have the right to do it, if for example parts of Serbia try to separate from it?
I see it as neon yellow verbal highlighter used to make some parts of the speech more expressive
І від почуття гумору, напевно.
Cossacks were Polish subjects
Those clothes are regularly washed just like the rest of the wardrobe, it's just they're not as presentable or fitting, etc
View [from the top]
Just came here to write this
The Ukraine is a failing country because of the economy.
The map doesn't suggests anything, it's just statistics.
Ukraine suspends all cargo traffic with separatist-held territory
Maybe because Czech working market is more interesting for people from Ukraine than in the RO/BG.
Yeah fuck that dude, fucking noone, reporting from warzones in Ukraine, Syria and whatnot, he should just be an enlightened liberal like you and present the hivemind's point of view instead of your own
Now they're almost all in brutalist styles of architecture.
But from my understanding, that leaves you being basically a very small minority without any perspective of political representation.
we are northern only compared to other Eastern European countries like Ukraine or Poland, but never truly Nordic.
They didn't get shit from Ukraine in 23 years.
I've been in similar situations
> Are there wildlife and trees growing
I wasn't trying to suggest the contrary, but was only sarcastically portraying a supposed judicial bias against Russia.
He actually did start one war, and got involved in another one.
also in western part of Ukraine, mainly Lviv, fifth largest in the Empire at the time
Lviv has been on my bucket list for a while now.
Well, it is you who suddenly brought Israel into it, so I'm really not sure who is "that kind of crowd" here
Russians in Crimea were not subject to any kind of genocide or ethnic cleansing to necessitate any adjustment in borders.
you know as Ukraine isnt a part of the EU and all that.
I suspect, it's [Kazka - Плакала \(Cry\)]
That's the Russian narrative, I do not see a reason why Ukraine should follow it.
Nothing new or surprising, yeah.
I wonder if you will still oppose what's about to happen to the situation in your country or if you will change your tune as soon as Porosh TV tells you how to think.
In the USSR, there was the central TV broadcasted from Moscow
Do you believe Gallup more than Razumkov?
It's a field, not someone's backyard.
But my friends (also fully bilingual people) protested when I tried to speak Ukrainian to them because they were weirded out by the personality shift
Russia knew that was coming when starting the war in Ukraine, so what did *they* expect in response?
even if this was done by actual radical Ukrainian nationalist, the fact that they need to hide their faces and identity, shows that they fully aware that nobody gonna treat them as heroes in Ukraine.
Oh, I'm aware of Lipka Tatars of course.
Yes, but Russia doesn't have the right to seize sovereign territory with military force.
Smoking in restaurants and bars has been banned for a couple of years in Ukraine and no one died because of it.
This is not half a generation
One day trip to the sea, Odessa, Ukraine
No, I access Europe through my visual memory, and Iceland + the Faroe Islands are often out of the picture, but I know they're there above Scotland
The only time when you work hard is when they send you and your comrades to a kolkhoz to help village people to harvest potatoes
I just hope the Ukrainians aren't dumb enough to divide themselves between "pro-western" and "pro-russian" as people from some countries try to often describe my country (bulgaria).
They just wanna live better life.
They don't have any negative connotations in here, or at least I am not aware of it.
Also, NATO forces in amount that could make baltic defense thinkalble maybe are "there" but not "here" and getting them "here" will take about 2-3 weeks.
In the middle east, if you recall, the US had a hands-off policy until Egypt, when a fundamentalist, hostile regime was in power.
There was a [recent BBC feature] on him, this was probably the most memorable to me:
Language schools, apps, Youtube channels and textbooks are always in demand
it will build a plant in Poland rather than Ukraine even if wages are three times higher in Poland
Recent wars in ex-Yugoslavia and Ukraine.
It’s a frozen conflict zone
Banter aside, our governments should do something about it sooner or later.
Maybe (just maybe) I thought that Portugal was a region within Brazil that gave the name to the language, just like Latin that comes from the Latium region, and then it went independent
It really disgusts me the way that people have stopped caring about this war that Russia created for no reason except to cripple Ukraine for daring to separate from Russia.
We have almost full year on 20th century and WW2 is a big part of it
I assume you hint on her since Spaniards are touchy-feely, but Ukrainians aren't northerners in this regard, too, especially women
they just cannot travel anymore and are not able to identify themselves.
Why Ukraine Is Losing the War on Corruption-Mikheil Saakashvili
In Ukrainian we don't conjugate foreign words mostly and their spelling is just transliterated
They said that they agreed about a thing that is not visa-free travel and promised to actually do it, which would help them do visa-free thing.
A lot of the things mentioned are true, but I feel like corruption has been severely overlooked.
roads
Norway has their rainy day oil money, Britain and France have acceptable demographics, but these are the exceptions.
Yeah that one Polish song does not sound weird or funny as I had thought it would.
As soon as Ukraine decides to buy gas from Gazprom directly on a permanent basis (a contract), the price will go up - higher than they are when buying from the EU.
The right bank of Ukraine was part of Poland.
It's also not about how small are the republics.
That’s SAD
I doubt they have the dough to afford anything like it.
You have plenty to be ashamed of.
Here I though it was a common people thing all over the world.
We need help, spread the news or we will end up just like Ukraine.
nice that you started calling things with their names
As a professor, I consider it so."
* **The Doox**
Unless Russia keeps the war going forever, I'm quite convinced the fighting will have to stop before accession can make serious progress.
Especially when it was the only plane that passed through a warzone with an active notam in place while the rest of the traffic was passing through south Ukraine mh17 decide in order to save fuel to file a travel plan directly above an active warzone..
Corruption and ignorance of most part of people to an active conflict with Russia in eastern part of country
The people in their turn also can look away for a minute, it's all good
Rusyn means Son of Rus ( Kyivan Rus, Ruthenia )
It was _partly_ created by human activity, yes (ineffective agricultural policies, fanatic communists seizing seeds, some farmers burning their crops) but the years prior to the famine had been vary bad ecologically which dramatically exacerbated it.
In the traditional Ukrainian cuisine, there are *varenyky*:
We have no idea what they intend, they do have a recent history of attacking their neighbours (Georgia, Moldavia, Ukraine), what we do know for sure is that they're not peaceful.
Sasha Shatalova - she's from Ukraine, but performs in Czechia
No, but since 2014, many bilingual people that used to speak Russian for convenience are now speaking Ukrainian and try to teach the kids to speak it as the language of choice
There was a lot of fear-mongering about the treaty.
Russian in Ukraine was strong up until it shot itself in the foot
Shame I don't know Norwegian
Ukraine has held back gas in the past and fucked with the prices.
Neither president has had the balls to do something to them since these channels belong to oligarchs
Food
I'm just saying that Kosovo broke international law too
Anybody could buy those from a corner shop, and besides Ukraine has them too, glorious rebels just stole them from the nazi junta.
Because usually they know only one language (English/Russian)
Should I fulfil my social contract and express condolences despite the fact that the guy was a world class liar who has been covering a hybrid war in Ukraine which lead to 10000 deaths?
But hold onto your memes if it justifies your stupid ideology.
IMO, this is what I call "back to the roots". Poor people in Ukraine mentally live in one month/week/day, they're able to survive on their own without the state as long as they're physically capable
Would you be willing to send Spanish forces to Ukraine?
It wasn't a state of the USSR like Ukraine or Lithuania, but it was more or less a puppet of the USSR like most countries in Eastern Europe after WWII.
Congrats to citizens of EU
Hitler aswell came to power democratically.
2: He signed the Ukraine treaty after the referendum voted "No".
There is one i can think of off thr top of my head.
The only one that I know lyrics is Ukrainian cause I learned it at school and know it by heart
After two wars of that scale, Europe just doesn't want a sequel to that
If Crimea is theirs as they claim, why should Ukraine send water to it?
Shitty public transport (except subway)
We also have wild boars coming to people's fields in the countryside
That's some pricy cinnamon powder
Pretty sure Ukrainians were the ones that suffered the most.
So she most likely simply gave him the stare
Got me
Plus, most of the reasons for the wars in Europe are gone by this point as there's democracy everywhere, most of the Germans (and Austrians) got deported out of their former lands in central Europe and generally most of the countries are content with their situation
Tbh, I have no idea what is happening either.
a) not at all
>I wouldn't be so quick to assume that he wants to exterminate jews without indisputable evidence
I was in the Swiss army - the Mowag AFVs are being phased out and are no longer effective in anti tank combat.
\[The\] order of \[the\] words In Ukrainian can be changed almost in any way
with this type of spending a large force of main battle tanks or generally offensive weapons would be necessary
especially all related to computers and space staff
Смачного! (i.e., enjoy your meal)
Ukraine has unwittingly suffered from this change in perception.
Now you enter a regular 3rd-grade classroom, and some 9-yo boys are pear-shaped and as tall as their adult teacher (female)
Not many people there because reddit isn't very popular in Ukraine, though
In Soviet times the most commons anti-cockroach thing was DIY mix of egg yolk and boric acid
Children have to study other subjects on Ukrainian after fifth grade
Fuck you Navalny with your "not a sandwich".
It's not, it's specific for more-or-less educated people not from Uzbekistan and/or rural Ukraine xD
Not if you come from Ukraine...
It's still a big holiday to this day
Thousands of Russians who can be classified as "singers" have entered occupied Ukrainian territories illegally since 2014.
That's the thing, if it's sugary, you can't taste the wine, because it wouldn't have enough acidity in it (like most dessert wines do).
* when I know the thing, but don't remember the word in any language I speak; happens with complex words as well as with simple everyday words;
"Let's live peacefully and be friends," says guy justifying the invasion of Ukraine and threatening nuclear war.
As I said, it's somehow in their culture
Went above and beyond Scotland.
I drive automatic now, and I doubt I'll ever go back to stick.
Of course certain occupations were skewed to one gender or the other, but that's perfectly natural.
You should wait until they stab or shoot your first, or you would get in prison.
In conclusion, our language is bullshit, I can rant on and on about why it's retarded, I love my language and I'm sorry for writing this giant wall of text
Ireland is moving toward the viewer; therefore its light is compressed into a shorter wavelength.
It's fun
I don't know how reliable this study is though.
well, if all you want in life is comfort and stability, then Ukraine might not be the best place for you.
Yes, you don't need visa, but you still won't be allowed to enter unless you have a valid passport with you.
Christmas was banned in Soviet times
Ukraine banned its Communist Party recently.
On the other hand, look at how countries like Russia (in the 90ties) or Ukraine or the Central Asian republics performed after the fall for example.
Not like there was no way to enter Crimea, they had an option to enter through Ukraine-controlled checkpoint, but chose not to.
But people like to believe that he will change something for good
We can speak about shared etymology/roots in both proto-Slavic and Proto-Indo-European, and these are cognates, even if the meanings are opposite
Imagine staying/living in one of those two flat building on the right and having the windows facing the other building
* Envy is "*заздрощі/zazdroshchi*" - it's when someone wants what another person has
As for society view, most don't care
That's an interesting and valid possible interpretation.
Authoritarian-militaristic states can't be trusted to act predictably.
They have to know Ukrainian
Russian artillery during Debaltsevo siege, just to see the scale
You are safe behind NATO and strong military
Not to mention that whatever legitimacy over Crimea you might attribute to them, it still doesn't excuse the fuckery in Eastern Ukraine.
My dad was passing through Romania on a train in the 80s; he says, the country looked extremely rural, like, pigs walking in the streets rural, but (his words) *I didn't get off the train; Ukraine also has many underdeveloped patches; apparently they're doing much better now, can't tell since I've never been there since they've joined the EU
Hej, they were invading countries, setting up puppet government so they would voluntarily join the union - exactly same shit as they did in the East and Crimea hundred years later.
One can use English the way J. Joice and T. Pratchett used it, and yet it often has the tendency towards informativity over form and the author's attitude
But to Lithuania these relationships are a lot better than with the other neighbors.
He got shot by thermobaric grenade launcher.
Now it seems to be completely gone
_As in Springtime melts the snow_
The Dutch Ukraine referendum was utter shit.
A lot of sketchy areas you can be robbed, some areas where addicts choose to hang out
I don't know if Телебачення Торонто counts, since it's a full-fledged channel now with a professional crew and stuff, but it began with one guy
Gotta take some neighbours land or people will start to bump into eachother
And when this fucked up thing collapsed it got even worse for few years - you had to adapt to things you have no fucking idea about.
I don't see Macedonia or Albania to join any time soon.
And you people have been repeating that every 5 minutes for like the last three years.
I can’t explain how, but this works so accurate
Probably salo
Can't speak about Serbian though
Well if they don't shell Avdiivka why some 12,000+ local residents are struggling with heating turned off for a three days while outside temperature reaches -22C during night?
Uhm, the proper spelling would actually be "kliatyi nehidnyk"...
Dude, I almost fell off my chair
Not only Crimea, the whole Ukraine situation just got worse.
Or does​ anyone seriously think that she is the only one good singer in the country of 140 million?
It should be mentioned here that the Soviets/Russians basically tried to destroy their culture/people.
"to weaken and humiliate Russia" is not something that is very much different from "to stop the war in Eastern Ukraine".
Armenian current leader came to power after their velvet revolution when the nation protested fraudulent elections won by the corrupted pro-Russian candidate
It's not because the article itself is objectionable, but rather what it means in this context.
this is why you have no friends
Note the difference between 9 and 10 degrees (green to yellow) and compare that to the difference between, say, 0 and 5 (dark green to green)
Mentality wise, every country that has never led an expansive war has something similar to Ukraine, so we can understand each other better than with former empires and owners of colonies
Ukraine conflict: UN warns of dangerous deterioration
It is unlikely to be within the next decade.
Surely you're not saying that most foreigners are criminals, just that they're overrepresented among criminals and "freeloaders"?
Yeah, from my experience with this sub, having two different subjects  covering home history and history of other countries is uncommon
Offtop: Just add **?t=1m45s** or **?t=105** (where 105 is a number of seconds since start) to the link
Lotta singers in our country make crap music
Ukraine gave away Carpatian gas in mid-60s during USSR times when Syberian oil&gas fields weren't developed yet; and now Russia annexed Crimea with its Black Sea gas fields ..
There are many of them because of us being ex-soviet country
It followed the first one up with an annexation.
In Russian, it's "*как себя чувствуешь/kak sebia chuvstvuyesh"* (a transitive verb + reflexive pronoun)
People here buying lots of packages of rice, pasta and toilet paper
I like that the penalty for not holding back asylum seekers is higher than the penalty for occupying Ukraine.
Yes, I know that,so if what I wrote was too salty sorry then
Lol , I love the way Ukraine came in.
> The USSR only tried to avoid war by concluding a nonaggression pact like others did
The truth is Ukraine was not invaded to protect Russians from imaginary Nazis.
And poles have a street named after Władysław Sikorski but ukrainians don't cry.
The governing party just payed a bunch of imbeciles to start fights with the police.
[Onuka - Vidlik] - Her band's name is literally "Granddaughter" since she's a granddaughter of a locally famous traditional instruments maker
Russia mostly did it to secure their military installations in Sevastopol and to keep Ukraine out of NATO and the EU.
It's a fertile strip of land shared between 4 countries, so there are similarities, of course
And, I know some idiots are trying to convince Chechen diaspora in Poland for joining the IS, which is total nonsense to be fair like if somebody wants to fight there are far more just causes like one in Ukraine.
You fromwhere
The amount of voters that show up for our House of Representatives elections wavers around 80% usually.
Is it time to weaken NATO while Russia is sweeping across Ukraine?
And the civilians of Donetsk are mainly old people.
This is what happens when you don't have at least two wars and three epidemics and/or famines every century for two thousand years
Please do, Lviv would be cheap as fuck for you while managing to offer great beer, coffee and dishes in nice conceptual bars and cafes, also city is nice overall.
What I think of Serbs is based by what they did historically
If you would paid attention to Putin and Kremlin comments about Belarus, then you would understand that they should be scared.
Dunno, I didn't notice anything different after those laws.
🍺 Here's to seeing your mug on [Myrotvorets] one day!
It is already happening
familiar
Same in Hebrew
• 882-1240 (Rus)
Right now - annexation of Crimea, fuelling the war in Donbas..
Or even discussing it for that matter.
If you buy a video game, what can you do with it?
Before you post bullshit you should think twice
&nbsp;
Without the ambivalent part, Ukraine would be helpless like Belarus.
Does that mean that Ukrainians will got to Germany instead of Poland?
As far as I know, not a single high official from Russia has visited Baltics since collapse of USSR.
It's usually a one-way thing
E.g., an average Ukrainian face of a male is oval with a tendency to an upside-down egg, the nose is rounded and the cheeks are puffy
In Ukraine, in big cities, road signs, names of streets, city transport stops, and  announcement in it, are dubbed in English, just for the notice
The reason for these 2 is the cost as well as english being the language used.
Btw i am still learning it
I think language barrier matters too.
A girl with bigger ear tunnels too, tbf
Irish, Lithuanian and French are my particular favorites...
Smooth military defence of our borders shall not be hindered by lengthy diplomatic talks.
Russia tells White House it will not return Crimea to Ukraine
And then there is the threat of Ukraine 2.0 in which case Belarus will be half or less its current size.
I heard that Fuerteventura is mostly flat.
I like folk from many countries/cultures
Even western countries have a chelayabinsk touch.
Did i say that death is a good thing?
You see, there are many Ukrainians who support him and his actions (the same ones who praise Stalin and the whole USSR thing), but generally, we do
Kulaks were targeted as a class not because they're Ukrainians.
And, IMHO, when Hungarians tell us what to do with our citizens, it's just your revanchism about Transcarpathia, which you confirm by telling us to refuse from our territories and citizens
Writing with sarcasm I guess
Dogs live in more desolated places like industrial areas, but they often can be heard
Ukraine couldn't support financially their nuclear arsenal.
When the Hlodomor was happening in Soviet Union's Ukraine there were guys reporting on it, and guys denying it.
Coming from the one of the border states, we just don't trust that centralised army would help us if shit hits the fan.
Those services can deliver whatever you need - wardrobes, couches, cinder blocks, wooden logs, but the bigger is the object, the higher is the price
It's very broad question and answer is different for different people
That is really good news, glad to hear it.
French politics sound more crazy to bronies.
Ukraine is also safe, despite the most eastern part being a warzone.
They wouldn't have any control over Ukraine any more and that's the last thing RF wants.
PS: Shevchenko has some connection to the US by his poem [THE HALF-WIT]
So is the [UK] France, Russia, Ukraine, all the Baltic states, Greece, Turkey, obviously Balkans.
And here you are saying that only the Russian army has lost 30K.
I don't even know what those poor people call it in summer
Ukraine and Belarus lands were held by other countries in the past, however throughout history they were mostly a part of a Russian state.
You have fierce civil war between two domestic forces, no outside powers were involved.
You have terrible tack records with those - a dozen of revolutions and only two won, and one of them won so badly people cried out for a new dictator just to get rid of the revolutionaries
how about not shooting down a plane with 200+ people?
But as far as I know, Lithuanians didn't have s much strength because Lithuania covered Lithuania proper but also Belarus and a large part of Ukraine, while the Polish were the largest group and their language ended up becoming the official of the administration.
I think the theory is that Ukraine was deliberately targeted with these policies to punish them for insubordination and armed resistance to Moscow in the years following the October revolution
The largest massacre in WWII
* Scythia-Sarmatia (though it's not so relevant to Slavs)
There are many modern scout-like camps too
The situations are not the same.
Khmelnitsky and Cossack State, I suppose.
sure, and the dead Russian soldiers in Ukraine were chasing butterflies.
Grammatically patronymics are similar to the handmades' nicknames from the TV show - of-Ivan, of-Viktor, of-Serhiy, etc
Ukraine, Romania, Bulgary, Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Czechia, Poland and finally Germany.
Before 2014, nobudy thought Ukraine and Russia would be in any kind of conflict, and yet here we are.
Ну вообще то да вы правильно перевели, просто в русском фраза звучит как два отдельных не связанных предложения. Мы такие вещи понимаем, а носители английского не знаю.
Ukrainian is Russian Polish, Belarusian is Russian Polish-Lithuanian
But I want an EU army, not a cooperation of boring stuff.
Southern Ukraine here
Dude, do you think I know what was on mind of that madman
Talking about returning Crimea to Ukraine.
Everybody who disagrees with this great message are fascists
As for the speed limit, I guess, people here aren't used to roads that are 1 car wide strictly, unless it's an apartment block driveway or a quiet village road that is also used for walking and cycling, so drivers instinctively slow down to 20-30 km/h.
Also, my tone of voice is slightly lower in Ukrainian because it drops to the chest
• 1918 - 1921 (UPR, Ukrainian State, Directorate of Ukraine, WUPR)
Because Russia fears that the Ukraine leans towards the west, also militarily.
* **quail**: mostly grown for eggs, but tapaka style flat quail is top
Yeah that was kinda funny at times.
Nevertheless, I think it's mostly supply and demand and not their greed.
He was pointing out the fact that couple years earlier Ukraine and Romania were on the same level
Hungarians **151k**
(I updated my post to include more of what came to my mind seconds after posting) I'm from Chicago, but originally from around Lviv, precisely a city that was the biggest producer/exporter of oil in Europe during the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
It's not like Putin would come anyway.
I even seriously thought so in hotels sometimes
There would also be major pushback from Ukraine and possibly Belarus not to mention all the other small states who the Russians have bullied on their borders.
no point to shed blood for a flag that does not want you.
>Carmine color also known as Imperial and Latvian red
Maybe because Turkey is a popular holiday destination it doesn't seem too far away
UPA was amazing and AK was worse than SS to me tho.
This is just Kiev trying to get some final outrage points from US before Obama leaves.
Seems like the Russian army isn't exactly succeeding though, seeing how there's still separatists and rebel scum in east Ukraine and Krim trying to pull the country apart ...
He will resort to anything in order to keep it, thinking replacing him without violence is possible is nothing more than wishful thinking
[Caricature on the subject] from Deutsche Welle Russian service.
_Of our homes
I guess it counts as eye for an eye.
Now they can form Britalonia Union ;)
I'd also recommend hiking in Ukraine's Carpathian mountains around the village of Yasinya (on the road south of Yaremche), it's possible to walk to the top of Ukraine's highest mountain (Hoverla) from there in a day.
Jep Bulgaria, Czechia and Ukraine need to say who they where googling
Hot: +30C — +34C
Moscow finds brokering Syria peace trickier than waging war
The Hague court accepts evidence of Russia`s war crimes in Ukraine
- I'm not religious, however, I understand the importance of Ukrainian Independent Orthodox church, which got started by the previous gov, the importance for the Ukrainian identity
Belarus is not a perfect place to live, but at least it's not as unstable as Ukraine.
Russian officials got ''unhappy'' with the fact Belarus offered those 5 days of visiting without a visa for US and EU states.
Yeah, that's too
I mean they pulled all this shit with Ukraine because of Sevastopol, makes you wonder what they would do to get to the Adriatic.
But yeah they made the big decisions.
Well, Singapore's political system closely resembles Russia's.
You're currently occupying a large chunk of Ukraine and you are here very busy defending all the atrocities you've done.
The point isn't that he was a good guy - the point is that he had information to give.
Someone take Zelensky away, please
At least there's metro now, can't imagine how much it sucked before the metro was built
City is terribly overloaded with cars and it's only going to get worse in Kyiv
> The name "Zaporizhia" refers to the military and political organization of the Cossacks and to the location of their autonomous territory 'beyond the Rapids' (za porohamy) of the Dnipro River
I swear every single library in german universities looks like a variation on this
But for Ukraine, well good luck...
Ukraine`s Army receives $1.85B in aid from Japan
Apples and oranges, LDPR is a joke party, while Svoboda and RS have an actual far-right history of activity both in Ukraine and abroad.
Yeap, just in January - September 2015, 10,634 labour migrants from Ukraine came to Belarus for work.
It's also above western/non eastern European countries as well.
We all are for multiculturalism
But modern poisons, which destroy their reproduction cycle or taint one insect and kill the whole nest had really change the game
Calling it a civil war is therefore disingenuous as the conflict is between Ukraine and Russia more than it is Ukraine and the rebels acting as Russia's cannon fodder.
All of these things make it easier to travel a place.
Ukraine was on the path to defeating the separatists until the Russians directly intervened in August of 2014, NATO could easily handle such a task militarily and politically refuse to recognize any hostile government.
There actually are [almost 100 villages] with more than 5000 inhabitants in Ukraine, and I was too lazy to look up how much more with *just* 1000+.
I don't remember how was the process when Serbia hosted the competition, but it was just a few years after Ukraine's first win, so they were probably optimistic.
Russia directly invaded Georgia at first, then Ukraine
Chubby kids like [this dude] used to stand out
And replaced by someone with one language and one culture
Weak country if name of wifi is a threat.
the 3 biggest polluters
Lift the sanctions and hope that Russia will stop fucking us up on the daily basis?
101/102/103 in Ukraine
Chilly: +1C — +7C
According to "they are Russian so Russia can occupy that territory" logic it's OK for Russia to take very significant part of Ukraine's territory.
But they HAVE invaded crimea, and are currently involved in a proxy war against a sovereign nation, Ukraine.
I mean, it would be pretty hard for the EU to stop a war between two *non* member states, regardless of how close to home it is.
Meanwhile, Russia's tourism chief was promoted after it was revealed that pictures of the Baltics, Ukraine and Belarus were used to promote the country.
And as such, less than 5% of all home break-ins in the US are solved annually.
From you history on /r/UkrainianConflict I had assumed 100% Russia.
Especialy for Spain
both Ukraine and Belarus are not into Nato.
Eastern Ukraine doesn't have much of that either really.
President-elect Donald Trump, who has clearly signaled a desire for a rapprochement with Russia.
I have no idea whether the map is correct or not, but something named *Atlantic Council* 'debunking' Russian propaganda sounds just as laughable as Peskov's mustache denying Russia's involvement in Ukraine or something like that.
Lmao, that pfp, I thought nobody knows this guy outside of CIS
That video doesn't even take place in Ukraine.
The separatists don't have jets, Russian jets were flying in Eastern Ukraine for weeks before Mh17 though.
Try to arrest "Grad" and "Smerch" missiles :) No one can be properly prepared for heavy rockets landing in your towns unless they already started to dig trenches for the war.
On the other hand, Ukraine was easy, they steamrolled Crimea practically unopposed and they sent some militant thugs to destablise the country.
They/we used to like Norse culture a lot so nobody complaining
maybe Belarus or if the ruble falls even further you can try Russia...
**Bohdan Khmelnytsky** (Hetman of Zaporizhian Host and ruler of Ukraine 1648-1657)
Remember that all the heavy gear came from Ukrainian army warehouses that the "rebels" captured.
But rarely outside
e.g. +9 today in Kyiv
They declare that there were no Russian troops in Ukraine with a wide shit-eating grin, like something to be proud of, sort of "Yeah we know we did it, and you know we did it, and we know that you know, and there is nothing you can do about it".
It might be (and often is) much more difficult to do that to gain that territory.
They are people who's lives get broken!
Most of the places that sell such things, offer delivery and movers
It doesn't ask about "do you want to leave EU", it simply asks what are you for or against path that was proposed by EU commission.
My favourite one was probably [Rex the Astronaut]
Similarly to the US, the real image of Ukrainian poverty is the income difference between these outcasts unsupported by the state and the extreme wealth of the Ukrainian politics that take what legally belongs to common people in infrastructure, social welfare, and public healthcare
No, I think it was last summer or spring
The fact that Russia is annexing Ukraine, rather than letting the rebels hold it on their own, pretty much proves that it's all on Russia, yes.
It would have to be a very different world for this kind of thing to be possible.
I'm not saying sceptical of Ukraine, because there's definitely reason to be careful with the ruling class of the country.
And the strategic reason was their Crimean naval base and the need for a land route through eastern Ukraine.
Sad, by they will be disappointed again
Putin Testing Trump Early With Ukraine Attacks - Foreign Policy
The EU made a clear statement that sanctions are lifted when Russia stops the war in Ukraine.
Im getting more and more dissapointed whenever i see this flag, it now reminds me of grief and sadness and every passing year it gets me more depressed when i realise we are nowhere near in joining EU and probably will always be against Russia on our own
People in the west speak Ukrainian and don't consider Russian their mother tongue
Ukrainian law have no power over Russia.
Or, you are an 18 or older yo guy _with_ a passport who still can be randomly detained at one of the checkpoints and then drafted into the Ukrainian military service...
Now we have chance to be european.
We know that aliens mostly like to attack only US and pretend like there are no other countries in the world
Actually I didn't know you can do this, it's unusual
Ukraine gave tatars a lot and was actively collaborating with their Mejlis, which Russia later raided and tried to arrest its leader who then fled to Ukraine.
I guess not after what happened in Ukraine.
They said as if it was strange and unusual, for me it seems like the most natural thing to do
But people *actually* like living there for the most part
But when the Greeks felt very bitter
You have no idea what you're talking about, do you?
origins of organized burgleries is Georgia
And yeah, check this [book] as well as [all nations make mistakes, even Poles]
But I got carried away again, I'm happy enough I was interesting
Putin won't give back any of the territory the Russians invaded.
E.g, you hit your little toe against something and exclaim
One official arose and made a speech about this tragedy — the tragedy of having millions of people dying of hunger.
Ironically Russians in Ukraine are more free than Russians in Russia despite but this will not stop Putinists from calling Ukraine "fascist".
At this point, sanctions arent going to solve the issue.
Ukrainians (as well as Belarusians and Russians) have been watching a lot of telenovelas since the 90s. Many people, even younger ones, might take interest in the lives of the actors from these series
Meanwhile Poland offers their education for as low as $500-1000 per semester, even less for talented kids, but the thing is I doubt (especially after talking to their representatives at recent 'Education in Poland' promo-event)  Polish education in those matters is much better than Ukrainian, and Ukrainian is just meh at most
You think American tax payers were physched to do the same?
Tourism in the Ukraine may find it hard, visa or not visa
Don't get too wet with those dreams though.
I am you
You see, there are many Ukrainians who support him and his actions (the same ones who praise Stalin and the whole USSR thing), but generally, we do
Maybe it's being used in more civil situations like "but-I'm-a-father, I feel for these kids" or "but-I'm-a-father, my opinion should be respected".
I think the fact that they had support from (and were thus beholden to) the Soviets makes them more dangerous, not less
Did you know that Russia is currently invading eastern Ukraine, providing support and weapons for pro-Russian militias?
"Third birhday" -now
Don and Kuban Kazaks largely sided with the Whites (monarchists) during the civil war and were dealt with accordingly.
But what other texts are known for their merciless repetition
I'm pretty sure that even Russia recognizes Ukraine as a state.
For hiking - go to the Carpathian mountains
Here Ukraine have this nice pat on the back.
Can you tell me how mariupol looks right now when Ukraine controls the city?
And I don't doubt that in the future sanctions will be lifted and Russia will be Western aligned.
After the beginning of civil war in Ukraine he posted calls to kill Russian people on ideological and political grounds.
Bandera is dead, OUN is history, Tyahnybok is not even in the parliament, "elect nazis" is bullshit
Lithuania to build fence on border with Russian exclave
Note the difference between 9 and 10 degrees (green to yellow) and compare that to the difference between, say, 0 and 5 (dark green to green)
UN Ambassador Haley hits Russia hard on Ukraine
And both Ukraine and syrian rebels got western support.
It all leads to Russia at the end.
Odesa, Ukraine
Varenyky with cherries are the most prominent in Ukrainian cuisine, along with varenyky with cottage cheese and varenyky with fried bacon
_Nay, thou art not dead, Ukraine,_
Past few days looks very intensive in your country.
But sometimes people can just be rude and speak Ukrainian even if you don't understand it at all
Actually, we're pretty well liked in a lot of places.
Would you recommend going to Fuerteventura?
Trying to be all creatice and hip and shit.
Yeah, but terrorism in Ireland didn't affect the rest of Europe and vice versa.
And the longer lasts the fighting, the more brutal and disgusting forms it can take.
Not only that, he also championed Moscow's perspective on barbarity in Syria, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other global flash points.
that cykas preparing for Hague trial with trial windows
Municipal budget shortage probably or no pounds or animal control in some areas so it's a problem there..
Let's add that Russia helped in "boiling things over".
It's just no one cares to translate it.
Considering Ukraine - Russia shouldn't meddle, but there is truth with UPA being genocidal vile group in league with Nazi Germany.
Fillon is not "pro-Russia" like Le Pen is, right?
I respond the way I do because I am used to kremlin employed trolls trying to claim that Crimea is part of Russia.
We're not talking about specific regions, we're talking about legitimizing armed invasions
But when you're using so many muscle groups for an extended time your body heat will reach adequate levels.
How can you reason against something that never came from reason
You should pop over into Ukraine.
Annexing Western Ukraine would be the best way to ensure it happens, heh heh
I'm not really arguing against you.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky, of the Liberal Democratic Party, even joked that Putin should be enthroned.
But we often joke that it is unexplored area and no man knows what inhabits that area
Looking at Ukraine makes me sad ...
Since then, winters are just extended autumns
These babies can hit -Sweden-
Roma	**14k**
For me it seems like he found someone who he can blame for the bad economy.
The recognition of the fact that every parliament has its fair share of idiots?
Oh, but I am talking about those that definitely were.
We can pronounce written Russian perfectly except for stress
Facts are those: Ukraine stole the Russian region, oppressed it for twenty five years and now, when the justice is restored, does want it back, because there's not enough theft and oppression.
When I was in school, he was showcased as a national hero and so on
Instead, there was a transition government and new elections.
You don't have change in candies in Poland?
Turkey, Ukraine lift passport requirement in visits to boost tourism
I think Ukraine and/or the US are more at risk of that atm
Just because someone shop lifts doesn't mean everyone is allowed to.
We, of course, cannot return Crimea to Ukraine, not because we do not want or whatever, it's just impossible by the meaning of words: Crimea could be only returned from Ukraine.
Top Ukraine court posts for super-rich judges &amp; defender of Yanukovych’s dictatorship laws?
I never praised the guy for the fucked up shit he did in Crimea, Ukraine etc.
Poland is right to fear Russian invasion and hoping that EU will come to its aid is just fantastical thinking.
People in the middle of the country mostly speak "surzhik", which is a mix of the two
However, after a few liters, you're gonna get a limescale deposit in your electric kettle and will start making a lot of whistling noise
At that time, part of the Ukrainian elite was gripped by nostalgia for the Cossack state, which was liquidated by Russia in 1775–1786
Moldova, Romania, Ukraine are the top consumers of alcohol :))
That Ukraine/Belarus/Russian guy...
Some context, I'm from Ukraine and going to fly to Serbia from Turkey (therefore EU can't be an alternative for now)
The Member of the EU
Our own **George Washington** at last
Pretty sure US has supplied Ukraine with non-lethal military equipment.
Putin is an oligarch and criminal authority
They built a slave empire that raided Ukraine and Russia and was feared by all Slavs up to Poland for a long time.
Last year when the Ukraine crisis was still pretty tensed, pro-russian propaganda tried to convince people to protest against the American convoy, but it went like [this] instead.
Russian space cargo ship destroyed after launch: space agency
You can't mention the sanctions without the Ukraine invasion, since the sanctions are a direct answer to it.
The same as we don't blame Georgia for Stalin and Ukraine for Khrushchov
I researched my family tree during some research projects in school back in Ukraine.
I am neutral the only problem is that most of Europe isn't, do not forget It wasn't along time since UK, France Belgium an many others that had their own colonies that they did whatever they pleased with.
* A female name (not one word, but a concept)
I am not gonna look at RT for information on Ukraine either.
The Ukrainian revolution pretty much saved Putin's political career.
I thought that Portugal was in South America
It is possible but it probably won't amount to much
Then launched them in the quiet sea
I usually have no problem blocking paywalls with AdBlock, though I need to do it several times as they often have multiple layers
I know that feeling bro
I wonder about " Ukraine" all over Russia...
The Russians are obviously doing the later
They represent fighting for freedom against oppresion, some ideas greater than Ukraine's borders.
Our languages are so similar we understand each other when it's spoken and we don't have any quarrels
For me (Ukrainian ) it's chocolate and other sweets
As for back in Ukraine, more likely than not a nasty tall commie block.
Until that happens, many Eastern European countries fear to have its territories chipped away by invasion and russification, and from having to cower and be a satellite of Russia.
So there must be something more.
Yeah, but now it is called just "Brest"
They thretened their presodent so he decided not to sign it and when he was overthrown they attacked the country militaliry
(Not saying that the Polish didn't do fucked up things to Ukrainians before this)
It is a superiority of some English speaking people assuming everyone should know and speak English
I just hate ungrateful, scrounging Eastern European countries who shouldn't receive a penny more from the EU.
If people get confused over the words' original gender, this just puts the last nail in the coffin of bullshit peculiarities of our language
Car chase - our roads are made to prevent speed chases or that will be shortest car chase scene ever
Anything that ties Ukraine to the general European cultural space is usually seen as a good thing
Idk man stalker was made by a Ukrainian studio
Yeah definitely considering a Baltic country - I'm flying to Europe from the US via Stockholm.
If the economic sanctions are just removed without a proper solution for the Rusian invasion in the Ukraine, the result will be green light for Russia for more violence.
Тащи с работы каждый гвоздь! Ты здесь хозяин а не гость!
Opposition was humiliated
Today, nations like Ukraine, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, continue to exist because America is there.
Ukraine is asking for help from the west (including my country, the US), so only fair to ask about some Ukrainian opinions on these events last week:
This is what I've heard, anyway.
We moved much closer to Europe: visa-free travel, financial reform made investing outside and inside Ukraine easier, many internal standards and regulations were changed to follow EU instead of Russia
Some don't, but most do
Edit: I expand on the parent reply explaining how the concept of WWII was replaced with the Great Patriotic War in the USSR and how it was presented to the public
As I'm alerady planing a half-europe-bicycle-tripthat's quite easy, we'd start in southern lower saxony, cross the border to the Netherlands and visit some cities (Amersfoort,Utrecht...), then we'll cross the southern border to belgium and somehow have to try to get Antwerp and Brussels and than back to the coast, then cross to France( Lille, Reims, Paris) have a two weekish break in Paris, then travel trough the Val'de'Loire, at the bay of Biskaya we'll head south throug Euskadi travel the northern spanish coast till we reach La Coruna, then turn south and visit Porto and then Lisbon, from there we'll head to Madrid, take a one weekish break,next stops are Valencia and then Catalonia with Barcelona, up next is Andora-la-vella then the southern coast of France with Monaco, then we'll hit Italy follow the coast of the Thyrenian sea to the mouth of the Tiber-river, up the Tiiber catch rome and the vatican, then take a plane to Pantelleria, and after that Malta, when we are back we'll go up the boot again to switzerland then go east to liechtenstein, then Austria, we'll stay a week in Vienna, then down agian to Verona and the Lago di Garda (and somehow catch San Marino) then east towards Slovenia visit Ljublanja after that we'll take on the Balcans (somehow) visit relatives of friends in Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia...
It's better that it was before.
Hmm that’s a weird coincidence
Russian aggression should have been answered with a military response, including heavy weapons to Ukraine, for this very reason.
[Oh, that explains everything.]
Thanks
There is plenty of amazing nature in EE.
In Ukraine we have village called Яр, which translates as ravine
Today we have +14C which is more typical for late September-early October
Yes, most are for focusing onto single market, but outright nexit?
And a symptom of that is the association agreement I have mentioned.
Nazism is not a reasonable stance, it comes from irrationality and everything can be bent to justify that belief
There were Russian servicemen among "police", it's plain and simple fact.
We can pronounce written Russian perfectly except for stress
And it's only the eastern front 1941-1945
Worth jack fucking shit
The more they hide behind the bodyguards and tall walls - the more they will see society as a milking cow, rather than a community to which they belong
I've heard plenty of stories about Polish businessman trying to start a business in Ukraine, only to end up getting fucked by some government cronies.
Let's use the new word in a sentence:
wheter it is now, in 10 years or in 50 years.
The timing of placing comrade Samoilova on the list is purely incidental.
Mix of history knowledge and geographical position.
Doesn't mean it would start right away, but it would change the odds.
Oh, and some of them were on tanks, but that's just Russia, everything is possible there
Cause it's just outdated Soviet "education" system, the only difference: the red is (not so skillfully) painted with yellow-blue
Any International court's judgements
I live in  oneof  the most Russian-speaking cities
It was when Putin started being in a war with Georgia, when there were journalists openly killed in his country, when he started a war of aggression in Ukraine, when he broke aforementioned treaties that there was deserved bad press.
Ability to visit family will hopefully encourage some of them to come here, and anchor themselves more.
Is that Ukraine, Syria and Georgia or what?
Russia is not a threat to Sweden or Western Europe whatsoever.
For example Ukraine has no geopolitical meaning?
Stop relying on labels to define your view of the world, there are no friendships in foreign affairs, only interests, and the US has been trampling on Russia's interests for two decades.
According to Samuel Huntington's [clash of civilisations] the border between Western civilisation (secular mixed catholic & protestant) and Orthodox civilisation (orthodox christianity) runs right through the country.
In essence, we have generally finished our negotiations about the border.
It belongs to the Crimean people, most of whom do not want to be part of Ukraine.
There are no trees for him to cut down
The "peacekeepers under fire" scenario was not repeated.
Hope we’ll do that too in the future
But that was a kind of a tactic for partisans from Red Army command, there were only orders for doing sabotage and raids for killing the enemy manpower
"*[[this dish] is Russian*" or "[*[this dish] is Polish*"
Or they continue to occupy Ukraine?
- strong Army, initially launched almost from scratch by volunteers
And German
The more remote/obscure your location is, the fewer opportunities you have, so people from villages usually have three options: fit the thing in/on your own car, ask a relative/neighbour with a minibus, or order through the aforementioned postal service
We didn't need pressure from US to sanction Russia, they fucking invaded Ukraine remember?
Ruskie are fighting with hordes of gays and their propaganda from the EU and agents of the USA everyday!
This year, we were to send **Go_a** with a song called "Solovey". They aren't new to the folk electronic scene
New evidence of presence Russian Armed Forces on the territory of Ukraine, The walking KV-2 SH
At least they could agree to stick to one version of lies to not embarrass themselves further
invading Ukraine in a massive breach of international law
we still didnt got it, so this new year he still will be promising it in the next year
Yeah, it's even called "Putin - Fucker"
I disagree
There have been held 2 040 interviews with respondents from 110 Ukrainian settlements (in the Ukrainian government controlled area only).
Moreover, a major part of our history is indeed a tough struggle for own freedom, against tyranny and anti-human movements
Russia looses war with with EU, maybe over the Ukraine.
Anyway, they do not have enough forces to keep entire or even left part of Ukraine under control if they occupy it.
No, no special feelings, I am not a big fan of it and I'd change it.
Really old wines are usually plain shit.
Looks like the plague of fracturing is infecting the Germany from the Northern Italy
The area was also known under the historical term, Wild Fields
Most EU countries put a Covid ban on our passport, so we're only temporarily lower than Russia
> We also have Bidets
Dative: Mariyi Petrivni, Danylovi Petrovychu
"Privatise the profits, socialise the losses", that kind of thing.
Countries don't get obvious benefits from buying weapons, but they get clear problems when they are attacked by other countries.
As a result: ban main ruling part y - The Party of Regions , ban communist party - THE KPU, a big flow of cheap manpower from Ukraine to EU, no independent decisions without approving from the West, closing plants
я чекнул твои controversial и знаешь, ты обогнал давно, не заметил просто
De jure Ukrainian is the only state language, de facto in private life everyone uses the language they like
Russians like strong leadership, they like him, like really.
See if you can find a Norwegian flight from the US.
It was definitely worth to ask for AC
Almost everyone in Kiev can speak Russian if they choose to
Ukraine isn't doing so well from what i remember
Once you deforestate a region you have to wait 50 years for a new one to replace it, IF it grows, and that's a big if.
One day the war will end, with Kiev hopefuly still in Ukraine and they will need national myths beyond" Kill all Ruskies!" - something bigger and inclusive.
Don't get me wrong, Lviv has a ton in terms of architecture and stuff, but the reason I go there every year is definetly for the restaurants (there are a bunch of themed restaurants of all kinds which I personally adore)
Wild boar
It reinforces underwater satellites group.
Since you have the Ukrainian flair among others, I only assume you've seen [this] It's called "Mavka
Trying pull ass out from the swamp
Putin used Eastern Ukraine clusterfuck to destabilize now-pro-western Ukraine, to counter-balance their leaving from Russian sphere of influence and to prevent Ukraine from entering NATO.
It was neither Ukraine, and neither Belarus.
He was even willing to give Moscow the absolute hegemony over the Ukraine.
You can find it in the frozen section in the supermarket, but it's just one brand that makes it I don't think very many people my age (late thirties) or younger ever buy it
Local urban legends used to say that it's because of cellphones and microwave ovens, which is silly because those bastards are extremely radiation-proof
And the answer is that whites official policy on Poland, Ukraine and the Baltics was reconquest.
I wish Western Europe would do more to help the refugee crisis in Ukraine.
Moldova is a former Soviet republic in Eastern Europe.
Sell above price of your purchase?
Viktor Yanukovich
If you purport to be the side of law and justice, you have to apply those standards to your enemy too.
That's my point — even if it's 'bad' bu our standards they don't know it and don't feel missing out on something
However, I believe it's about the image of the personality and its radical lingual shift, not some real changes of body language whatsoever
not based
If you can't think more than one step ahead I don't know what to tell you.
If it weren't Russia we're dealing with I'd actually agree with you, but in this case if Ukraine just accepts the loss of territories currently occupied, they'll start doing the same in other regions.
Most people outside of Ukraine itself know almost nothing about our history, often conflating it with russian one
I remember something similar called Lolek and Bolek
Russia's economy is in shambles.
Then the West turned their blind eye to many things, including Georgia.
But it wasn't us"
Ukraine conflict: Evacuation planned in frontline town of Avdiivka
If you live in imaginary world, it's your right, as long as you dont bring your shit to others (on tanks).
The agreement could be put to a referendum in some of the EU countries, like the Netherlands did with the Ukraine agreement.
Ukraine said on Wednesday the pane had been shot at with a firearm from a Russian-controlled offshore gas rig.
I went to Russia, Ukraine and Belarus (only Minsk) some years ago and to be honest it was the weakest part of my trip.
> From my understanding, it was Russian-backed and directed revolutionaries that shot down a civilian airliner due to some sort of mix-up
You are right, but Russia uses the same logic to justify their clams over the Crimea
You can use a room for home office, playing room for children, living room, etc, that's why I don't call it a bedroom
Petty
Starting from some point, a bottle of wine is a collectible item and it does not matter how does it taste in a blind test.
With Clinton there would be almost zero chance of sanctions not being renewed, and pressure on EU would be intense.
Then you sold out Ukraine and Georgia in order to appease Putin again.
Can't find it on FT
Ukraine is ignoring the same law for dozens of thousands of its own citizens who enter and leave the country through eastern occupied areas.
In regard to domestic reasons for Ukraine's slow process, I agree with you.
At least it has a sea
* Los ricos también lloran (The rich also cry)
Europe is indeed still a energy importer.
It makes little difference if the title is misleading, if an entire court said so or just one prosecutor if the ICC is funded by the EU all along and politically biased.
So you're ready to exchange Poland's richest part for the least developed parts of *Ukraine*?
While in Russia there is no corruption, [Putin did not hide 2 billion of dollars in a cello] and [Western countries are not overflowing in Russian dirty money] Ukraine is corrupt, but other countries are not, and Rojava is basically a paradise, just like Russia.
I\`m interested to hear what you think about this video
Jesus christ; how do you peddle propaganda like the OP while being completely misinformed?
So when we have those really cold days, it depends on humidity
47.2 of the Lisbon treaty is actually a lot more powerful than Art.
Its like getting mugged in the street, and having the police to tell you to negotiate with the mugger because they can't (or more likely won't) do anything about it.
That's an important part of article most people miss.
Yes, since Olha and Oleh were names of Kyivan rulers of Varangian (northern incomers from the Baltic area) descent, those names feel very local, so it took me a minute to realize they're not, too
I got a 3, but I aced the class.
Get the food from our plate stolen by Russa while we argue with Poland over history
Merkel also doesn't visit Ukraine, the Chzech Republic, Italy or Israel and attend the funerals there.
Even a 2 years old model can easily cost 500$ or more here in Ukraine
Or shutting the mouths of the mothers who lost their sons who were sent to fight in Ukraine.
I like the most blaser Lille e Rose from Blasercafe as I understand
The fact that Russia protect Russian producers by having high tariffs and not entering any free trade deals is proof that Russia cares about local producers.
I've seen a single KFC in Odessa, and it's in the city's centre
But in the end, insects adapted and either ignored or just ate them
It's bigger than Belgium and nearly the size of Switzerland or Denmark
People can't get on their bus/mashrutka even when their section of the road is clear, so it's a plausible excuse
Even if Ukraine was worse than Russia, is being better than one country all that matters to you?
In some places like Georgia and Ukraine, the war isn't even that "cold".
> £9000 per year is absolutely fucking insane
With Fillon (Putin's lil' buddy) dropping out, that leaves a 50-50 split between the candidates, with Le Pen being a complete pawn of the Kremlin.
Norway: Eugenics and lobotomy, specifically targeting various "undesirables". Also the assimilation of the Sami
member nazis raising from their graves and taking over Ukraine?
De facto it is a part of Russia.
Wow that is some chill ass metal.
**Pylyp Orlyk** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
What plays for Belarus is better economy in comparision to Ukraine and half the size of russian minority.
Well there's barely a million of occupants; a city for sure, but I would not call it large
The problem in Ukraine started when a elected government (pro Russian), elected by the people, was overthrone by force.
They switching to Latin script, so it's become " Kazakh is Russian can't-readian-can't-understanian
You need to be a total clown to deny climate change after this
Sometimes a crescent is compared to [a cow with horns]
And no, Jews in Russia didn't "flourish"; they have numerous restriction and they basically couldnt settle on the territroy of Moscow Grand Duchy, and the jewish community was very small until partitions of Poland-Lithuania, when large territories of today's Belarus and Ukraine were annexed with huge jewish minority living there.
BTW there was the change from militia to police about 2 years ago right?
They earn half of the Caucasus countries.
As imperialists with weird language that want our land
They declared that now, when Ukraine has no choice but to accept it.
You think an American would have actually a place in the government?
If you think that in the last 20 years the main imperialist force has been Russia with the Ukraine crisis I have nothing else to talk about with you.
However, while I think it's exaggerated, I do understand fears of Russians turning into a fifth column because that's pretty much what happened in Ukraine.
An American redditor explained this concept to me once
IBRD would have to pay only if Naftogaz defaults.
Ah yes the wholesome 100 CD Project Red
"Nikita Ananjev, a Moscow native who moved to the Netherlands, said he attended 15 or more public meetings during the Dutch referendum campaign, speaking out against the Ukrainian pact and what he described as the European Union’s unfairly negative views of Russia"
You must have missed the front page of the sub
Heck, the Dutch even voted against helping Ukraine with an association agreement.
Every comprehensive person understands that it's our fight with Russianization, not minorities like Hungarians and others
He asked a very legitimate question.
that the reformers are apparently jumping ship
the question is if OP meant East Europe as in East from Germany, or East as in Romania, Bulgaria, Ukraine etc.
Watch "Servant of the people" . It isn't a movie, but a series made by our current president Zelensky, at the time when he wasn't our president, and it's about his character being our president
Ukraine didn't even start to pay for it's gas yet.
Will Trump choose better Russian relations instead of EU relations?
Our weird people are mostly mentally ill
Ukraine and be prepared, yeah right
Looks like they started the Khrushchev Thaw right away
If you care enough about Ukranian take on Volyn, please check this video
But if they invade (don't know a better English term) Ukraine, it's not the Russian people, who are the one's suffering.
Yes, in several types of situations:
I know it is a joke but between Northmost point of Texas and southern Poland there is enough Latitude for another Texas
The thing is that before 2014 conflict no on in Ukraine gave a shit about UPA and Bandera.
I didn't know there was/is [a competition]
The Right Sector freaks were stopped last year before the Freedom Monument and turned away from the main procession.
The media never fixates on negativity, IMO
Weird how many people have ties to Russia.
I like to tell both local and foreigners the fascinating tale of how the Prince of Kyiv basically had relatives on both sides of the Battle of Stamford Bridge
"You have lost weight, do you eat at all
EU,chocolate,Hercule Poirot,always without government
Cossacks is not the same as Ukrainians, cossacks had members of various modern ethnicities.
But Russian population is centered on the same geographic latitudes than Ukraine and Belarus.
I didn't know Correct The Record supported Russia's invasion of Ukraine and fights a hybrid war against the EU.
All it takes is one infected moron without a mask to walk into the elevator and everyone who goes inside after him is fucked
Edit: I was born and live in Kharkiv (an almost 100% Russian-speaking city) and I like the laws supporting Ukrainian language, if someone's interested
Lol, why the HELL would we gift Crimea to Ukraine again, if more than 90% of Crimeans want to stay in Russia?
You can blame EU as much as you want, but Ukraine isn't part of EU or NATO
People in what is now Western Ukraine lived in relative safety under Polish/Lithuanian landowners.
but western media is to blame for his bad reputation.
Thank you very much for your gigantic efforts to pick exactly these interesting videos from the thousands of other.
He's a founder of [GSC gameworld] and author of [STALKER] and [Cossacks] game series.
What year is data on billionaires
I'm actually Russian myself, and normally would be the first to complain about jumping to conclusions (i.e.
They use the same word for "driver". Also, the Italian language has the same cognate "conducente".
It's pretty good, but still not as big and detailed as the English one
But most people tend to separate the language from the country
Ukraine still owes russia a shitload of money for all the gas they stole over the years, doesnt it?
Why would he go to a country that could deport him back to Ukraine where people wanted him dead?
If you weren't poor, you'd build another wing to your house with an inside toilet and shower, but it would cost more than your tiny walnut shell of a house
I really want Belarus be free and based
I really envy people who have either farms or just a place outside cities, its the best place to be in these times
There's a pretty hot war in Ukraine at the moment.
Imagine if Russia did the same in Mexico?
When i've been there back in 2014, it took me about 4 hours of walking around, and i still didn't visited all the corners - missed the Zoo and few other buildings inside the territory of the estate
The Russians are obviously doing the later
Sun - Сонце neutral
For example, someone is being interviewed on TV, and they mention some other person as *"Pan Yakovenko has said
Tastes not as sweet and artificial as other apple sodas though
Yes that's true
I also absolutely love American Civil War songs like " I wish I was in Dixie" or "Battle hymn of the republic"
The whole Ukraine affair is simplistically speaking a big huffing-and-puffing power-battle between EU and Russia.
When the battles re-started again a few weeks ago, Grad MRLS started to be used again.
Ukranian peasants hated any foreign land owners.
What you are worried about is mafia operated by so-called Thieves-in-law which is where Russo-Georgians are involved along with Kurds Armenias and Northern Caucasians.
The National Art Museum of Ukraine had a large amount of works removed during evacuation in WW2 and taken to Russia while another part was taken by the Germans and ultimately returned before the fall of the USSR.
Yes my biggest frustration with these maps is Ukraine usually shows as having no data, not bad results
Donald Trump’s win shakes Ukraine
My father owns a pickup (not American one, though) because he needs it for his line of work.
Off the top of my head I don't think Switzerland has ever been bigger?
Wow, I didn't know any of that.
It's a large country with one not that large (compared to the size of the country) troublesome region.
It used to me kind of independent.
Rebellion can be fabricated in other places though, in order to keep Ukraine out of the EU and NATO.
What is Schulz's stance on Russia/Ukraine
«Раз-два-три-чотири-п‘ять, я йду [усіх вас] шукать». (One-two-three-four-five, I'm going to look for you all)
Now he tries to take his revenge, because he is a degenerade and marauder.
You are going full retard, you don't understand anything what I'm saying to you.
You're monster^^not ^^judging ^^you ^^though
I don't understand why people still think we "Betrayed" Ukraine.
Ukrainian history as a whole
Here some of the types that are more or less accepted on the table there, other than chicken:
The most important question : where will Norway gonna utilize all these used batteries from cars after 10 years or so
Ukraine and be prepared, yeah right
I hear some kind of elvish in Icelandic
There is Minsk agreement - where all this territories has to be under Ukraine control.
*Everything Is Illuminated*, at least this movie without cliche that all Ukrainians either in mafia or poor as fuck
I voted for Austria, but Ukraine definitely had a good song.
Are current sanctions gonna make Russia get out of Ukraine **now**?
And seems like Chervonograd has a position: "it would be nice to return Krystynopil, but it seems like too much hustle"
You can use words like fellow, dude, lad, gent, chap, geezer, etc
That' s because those were not rebels both times.
You're also definitely in luck that the vast, vast majority of Russians have no idea that Finland used to be part of the Russian Empire
Ukraine honors nationalist blamed for anti-Jewish pogroms
Woo contemporary Ukrainian music shameless plug
Russian flag have white and blue in different order
Well, Americans still call big cars "trucks" for some reason
Not falling to provocation would just cause Russian propaganda to invent something.
Our main problem is that the majority of people don't give the most minuscule shit about anything beyond their doorstep
Sanctions are the result of a illegal annexation and aggression against a neighboring country.
I agree with this:
incredible isn't it
[FTFY]
Once American aggression towards Russia stops we won't have any more real problems with them, they might take a few of the Baltic republics and a bit more of Ukraine but frankly I don't see why any British person should care that much.
Any 'liberal' aspects of Maidan were swept away when Poroshenko pushed out the liberal reformers.
It seems you were asking about Crimea, though, in which case you need a [Russian] visa - and will probably not be allowed into Ukraine after that.
They are absolutely racist and hate west (and especially USA) and Ukraine with passion
Don't see them too much in russian media, see only rabid putinistic fanatics
I only hope I get it right
We did annex a lot in the 20s-30s.
Yes, absolutely, after the prison of nations dissolved we have had the best time in our history since at the very least 16th century, and that's even accounting for the current Russian invasion, shitty economy and corruption, this is still the best time Ukraine ever had, tells you quite a lot about our history
Also, they gifted Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV
There were fighting near the crash site but what else should Ukraine do in your opinion.
What I mean is, an English sentence is often packed with information
If anything the Turks should be greatful to the Brits and France.
Nich - Ніч
English law or not, but I will be *extremely* surprised if they do.
Poland took in over a million refugees from Ukraine.
The only option I see, is the way of "finlandization" - getting closer to west, but keeping open relation with Russia.
In case of Russians, they will gladly teach you mat
Victims of Russia's hybrid aggression.
In my opinion, scums from the Kremlin knew perfectly well, that Ukraine won't allow anyone in to the country who visited Crimea not over Ukraine's​ border.
I don’t agree with the first fact
Why shouldn't they be part of Russia if they want to Russia wants to, the region was mostly Russian for a long time ago and only Kiev don't want them to?This is different from expanding.
I'm proud
Since quotas took place, numerous great Ukrainian pop-artists were discovered and I can now enjoy high- and middle-quality Ukrainian pop while in Uber, instead of Russian shitty music
Trump has point blank told the Russians that they are expected to return crimea to Ukraine.
You [are] right
Steinmeier is a toothless tiger for me.
Maybe close to win, but not enough.
Map looks correct as it highlights main highways with suburbs clinging to them.
A personal non-transferable licence for an entertainment piece is useless from the economic point of view, all of its value is in amusement provided to the customer.
A lot of people just look at it like "I liked Brexit.
It must be nice to live on an island in the middle of the ocean, but Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova haven't been so lucky.
All 27 signed the contract but because of a new law a group of people in the Netherlands demanded a referendum first.
Yep, Putin wants the Ukraine next and with Trump in the White House he will continue to annex neighboring countries.
Still, no formal agreements were made, NATO didn't commit to anything.
They did
Then it's the case of Hungary(especially the Jobbik party) that often likes to claim large chunks of territories not just from Slovakia, but from most of its neighbouring countries and is financing separatist movements.
Also, there's бомба - bomb - which means pre-solved task
Supporting Ukraine economically is the most important thing they are doing.
How can we take seriously the EU's sanctions of Russia on account of Ukraine, when European nations enable much worse crimes elsewhere?
It's a bout ex-soviet republics becoming even less of a Russian vassals and integrating with EU instead.
Yeah, tbh Limonov is very obscure person, and its not always clear what he is about.
I can't imagine why anywhere would be cheaper than SBB, but I dont know for sure.
Yeah, Turkish is a subset of Turkic.
But while the more rural folks have their thick dialects, generally in oblasts' centres, people speak either the standard dialect, surzhyk and sometimes Russian
I think pastry and imported fish was something only landlords got to try
For one, my country is being torn by war and conflict at the moment
Life here is not so boring, that we must discuss news from our neighbors
Maybe because Turkey is a popular holiday destination it doesn't seem too far away
Lol bro, fairplay for admitting it
It's probably not universally known here, but when you learn to skydive and you need to count several seconds, you are taught to do this like 501, 502, 503
The whole thing about the fascist narrative is that it served to distract from Russian ultra nationalists who came into Ukraine to cut it up.
Nowadays it's harder because the press and the internet isn't exactly free in occupied Ukraine.
The quality of water depends from city to city
Guess the Russians would be surprised
Yeah, right
russia doesn't deserve to save its face anymore.
Suppose the crisis in Ukraine could be resolved I don't see why Europe should follow up, after all it's purely an US-Russia issue.
Even in a proxy war with the EU, casualties would be high.
Since, while skating itself had secured strong ties with Dutch people, digital photography was completely forgotten until long waited reinvention by Americans at late 1900s.
And when Ukrainians made their decision, the Russians invaded Ukraine.
So this is your current master plan?
Similar to countries in the EU, the card does allow some international travel including Turkey, Moldova, Georgia and Russia
Norwegian is beautiful in a way something you see every day, have gotten used to it and still consider beautiful
Shortly after the SU collapsed, Ukraine threatened to take military action if Crimea's parliament went ahead with plans for independence from Ukraine.
I'm watching right now as well
They're not really Russian though, they're basically the same Greek names as Alexander or Michael or Nicholas or Alexis
Vyatka is pretty fun
But it won´t stop the smuggling in high quantities.
We annex Lithuania ^^^^and ^^^^Western ^^^^Ukraine ^^^^as ^^^^well
Somehow I can't believe even for a second that in the whole following century humanity won't create themselves more serious problem
Maybe there's some economic pain, the political climate changes, and suddenly this party beholden to the Soviets goes from 20-25% to 40%+ and starts governing
The city is by all means a Polish construction.
Could OP or somebody please share the link to this chart
Well, it's different, Ukraine was for a very long time in the Russian sphere of Influence.
Mate, when it comes to being the majority within a country or region, there is no dispute on what it means.
Not sure if they would have listened to him.
Russia aligned - yes, they have "stability", but they slowly stagnate as for me
Nobody expected that either and nobody did anything to help them militarily.
Doritos and decent roads
Don't forget the blood sacrifice he made to Obama as a part of inauguration.
Head of Ukraine`s Accounting Chamber Mahuta remanded to house arrest
>"See, this kind of traveling is only possible because the European Union makes it possible
EU is not so easily manipulated with bullshit propaganda.
A healthy mix of debit card and cash.
*"Pan Yakovenko"* (*Yakovenko* being a common surname) is also a valid addressing, but more when people in a proper setting talk about someone who's absent
Even when the Russian empire annexed all of Ukraine?
Some of them are mobile
Trying to fly to Kyiv, Ukraine from the east coast in June?
Also, it's easy to fit other nations like  Tsardom of Russia, Crimean Khanate, Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and the Swedish Empire
who can blame you for having no trust in Russia at all?
In past years, we had snow for 2-4 months per year
Better than Spain, I think (visited Canarias this autumn, used a lot of sign language and hand-waving).
Basically, the cossacks couldn't sustain their army in supply anymore and crumpled due to shortages, this happened early in the year.
But we also used russian «Кто не спрятался, я не виноват». (Ready or not, here I come)
For trying to sell a child to a supposedly organ donor/harvesting ring
One of my favourites Russia changing legislation to hide the increasing numbers of dead Russian soldiers in Ukraine.
It just sounds so convenient
Only with the collapse of the Soviet Union the Crimean Tatars were fully pardoned and were able to relocate to Crimea again hence their loyalness towards Ukraine.
We have a shitload of balconies (I have three in my own apartment) but since drunk tourists don't usually stay in residential high-rises, this is not a problem
I honestly know abysmally little about the geography (beyond boarders and major cities, I mean) of the region.
>People want to watch the highest quality movies and TV shows
I was born in it, molded by it
That one song by ONUKA that was in a Vodafone commercial also counts
Ah, so Poland (and others) fear that Russia can play tho good ol' gas scheme with them like with Ukraine without alienating Germany in the process?
Yeah, because Angela Merkel has been an example of leadership, competence and serving the interests of her country /s.
Yeah, it's a major population center and there is military bases there, so they move people in and out.
Ukraine bans Russia's Eurovision entrant over Crimea tour
Gamarjoba
We have very large Vietnamese population.
Fucking nazis
Personally, I just start with "Я вас слухаю" / I'm listening
POLSKA STRONK
Sure, and soviet people were also maniupulated by state propaganda, still they knew what was right and what was wrong.
Maria Romanenko: Top three myths about Ukraine (and why they’re utter nonsense).
You merely accepted continental climate
The dough is traditionally made with flour, water, egg and some plant oil
What does that have to do with Macedonia?
Священна Римська Імперія (Svyashchenna Ryms'ka Imperiya)
After Crimea, Illovaisk, Debalzewo,..
just like ducks and geese, pigeons are way more acceptable in the countryside as no sane person would love a fried city rat
I live in Kyiv (\~3m population) we have many hedgehogs and squirrels + some beavers
Ukraine is a buffer zone for Russia, and Russia was provoked to intervene, had no other choice.
It's just you need to endure the hardships of transformation.
Pff, few weeks ago we have the same in Ukraine, 38 in Dnipro
It just leave them in the same fucked up situation the next time Putin comes knocking.
It's a minuscule price compared to allowing a country freely do land grabs when it pleases.
Whatever the case, since mid-December Ukraine's armed forces have edged farther into parts of the gray zone in or near the war-worn cities of Avdiivka, Debaltseve, Dokuchaievsk, Horlivka, and Mariupol, shrinking the space between them and the separatist fighters.
Don’t ask what hui means in Slavic languages
Switzerland — Швейцарія [Shveitsariia]
The guy i replied to clearly finds amusing how poor is Ukraine, all the while he, as a European, most probably is outraged by Russia's treatment of Ukraine.
Unless you are of the opinion that the people in Crimea are under occupation and are not the enemies population, in which case it is still Russias(the occupiers) fault.
Typical right-wing, bullying people is like their thing
Crimea is a totally different case.
* [Ligol] - great winter apples; juicy, sour and sweet, medium-hard
There are definitely pro-Nazi sympathizers in places like Ukraine.
No orders for protecting civilians
You do realize that's what the sanctions are about right?
Both deeply flawed but nowhere near the levels of Z-Man's putinophilic rectal alpinism.
Um maybe we should do a crazy thing and let the Ukraine dictate its own fate.
To prevent any issues Ukraine patrolled the area with warships which is not a nice thing to do among neighbours.
> Now im sad :(
There are former-soviet camps of "play volleyball and drink" style, and scout-style ones, although less widespread
If not, there are a lot of options to hire
KMS activation, but I didn't tell you anything
Im getting more and more dissapointed whenever i see this flag, it now reminds me of grief and sadness and every passing year it gets me more depressed when i realise we are nowhere near in joining EU and probably will always be against Russia on our own
Actually no
The diference with Ukraine is that Putin has centralized the power of the State, every single region of Russia is a de facto vassal of the Kremlin and Moscow in that order.
Less country development -> lower standard of living -> less health -> highest probability to die before reaching puberty -> more birthrate to have at least one child living.
Felt ashamed of my countrymen
They're charging exactly as much as they can get away with, and the EU is paying as little as they can get away with.
Russia gets Crimea, Ukraine gets Donetsk, there is an awkward handshake.
You forgot the part, that if there is money coming from somewhere, there can always more, so cutting such a huge in-flow of cash isn't very pragmatic.
Treating countries like children seems like a bad idea
Will, will Will will Will Will's will
Most people I know don't even read newspapers
Monaco, San Marino, Andorra, Liechtenstein, Transnistria, both states on Cyrpus, ***all*** countries which were part of Yugoslavia, Czechia and Slovakia, Moldova, Belgium, Ukraine, the Baltic states, Vatican City State, Switzerland and also *the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta*.
Recently, Zelenskyy came to power and he believes that with some concessions he could make a peace agreement and peacefully retake occupied land, but the opposition (including Poroshenko) state that we should have a deal with them, because they would probably trick us, take even more land, use poorly guarded borders to their advantage and many more, partly because we don't know the terms of that peace
Ukraine is the biggest country in Europe.
I would love for there to be a huge opening from the black sea to the Mediterranean.
I don't know about other nations- but if we count all Germans born "in Poland", and all Poles born "in Ukraine" before 1945 that shifts the numbers.
Personally I'm glad no one sent troops to eastern Ukraine.
Probably Montenegro, 10-15 years from now.
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I can't just sit and wait here"
Bye-bye Crimea
But as long as Poroshenko is pro-EU it's fine.
My friends was in Izmir just this week and said it was perfectly safe.
Most people I know don't even read newspapers
If you are into nature, mountains and castles - Carpathians is a way to go
The shitty Ukraine forces managed to fight back quite well trained and equippet Russian troops.
As a native Russian speaker I cannot disagree more.
They are shitty people
The 27-year-old Ukraine striker wrote an open letter to fans of Rayo, who have a large left-wing fanbase, after his deadline-day move denying he had links to the far right.
There's no "DNR" in recognition order.
whole world is at odds with Russia
State control over the press is only good while it's absolute.
The same in Ukrainian, although we also use "Panowe" for multiple people.
This, combined with Ukraine's large population, would have probably meant that Russia would have had to generously subsidize Ukraine after Ukraine would have entered the EEU
Idk if you noticed, but Kaliningrad oblast, and the European part of Turkey are also in the map.
The same amount of Ariel or Domol as I use at home makes clean laundry stink up the whole apartment with chemical smell.
One should not confuse "having an influence" with "having an area of influence".
We know that you don't have a real say in your government and that your government does nearly as much to hurt its own citizens as to hurt neighboring countries
But in case of party and president it's always lesser evil
People hold 'freedom of speech' too high
Not strong, still someone seems this as ok
He was kicked out of the party for being pro war
I dont saying how Crimean people will vote "if".
We can speak about shared etymology/roots in both proto-Slavic and Proto-Indo-European, and these are cognates, even if the meanings are opposite
ja tvoy sluga, ja tvoy rabotnik
You of course already knew all of this.
And now the spice flows, everyone (with power) is happy.
&#x200B;
Also all this " conspiracy " comes from members of ruling party
I'm pretty sure ex-Yugoslavic countries will all enter at some point in the next 35 years.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is not enthusiastic about the idea of the return of monarchy in the country
Okay, I can't argue with you on that.
Kite is "змій/zmiy" which is a serpent or a dragon
80-150 (Seems like quite a huge gap in estimated days there tbh)
Only in comic or antagonistic context.
But those missiles don't matter much.
Speaking usually depends on the region
Looks like a metro map
What a Russian leader that wanted to atone for its crimes against Ukraine would so is offer reparations.
Why is Ukraine so poor in comparison to other ex-USSR countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan, and even Belarus?
it's not as unstable as Ukraine.
Kosovo is an unrecognized state, whereas Crimea was annexed by another country.
I dunno, maybe 5 or 6
>"Let's not talk about the bad, but rather do it"
They wanna lie to you how they got the best parks - it's complete BS and it has nothing but run down brutalist architecture
It will surely grow fast after saving 350 million pounds a week.
When Lukashenko came to power in 1994 he returned the soviet flag and coat of arms and also gave russian language official status in a referendum in 1995
In Ukraine English is mandatory throughout the whole school, and sometimes even kindergarten, and still noone knows shit.
Those people can simply elect their own party to parliament.
It was Germany who provoked mass migration from the middle east through Hungary and Germany still wants to force EU countries to take refuges.
Our healthcare system wouldn't handle even a couple of thousands of sick people with coronavirus
Sovereign territory is sovereign territory.
But the reality is that over the past three years many of Russia's top performers have visited the peninsula.
I can understand many words in Polish
So you are as close with Ukraine as you are with North Korea?
FIRST war change of border in Europe from 1945.
There was a weak in summer, when every day terrorist attack happend.
[Bandura] , [Kobza] [Trembita] and less known [Torban]  and [Buhay]
Note Belarus's attitude towards the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and the recent defense agreement between Latvia and Belarus.
But the problem is: borders are closed, and we can't buy some of the cool tasty products (as fruits and cheese)
I'll put money into your economy!
So your is not a moral stand against Russia annexing part of Ukraine, but purely selfish?
More like PPR at the current moment, May 8th
Even if they won't have my best interests in mind
That is why I voted no, I don't want the European Union associated with a corrupt, war figthing country that can't even control it's own airspace.
It's pretty cringe how people here still think that Crimeans somehow lean towards Ukraine than Russia.
The French are able to burn even the Eiffel Tower, which is metal
They and their families will be wiped off the face of the earth, drowned in Volkhov river, shot in Katyn, sent to rot in Far East, whatever
I don't know if Denmark needs more guns, I was responding with a general point to a generalization "every gun is a theft from those who hunger".
Until this fact is recognized, Ukraine issue will never be solved.
The whole 'Croatian person really hates Serbian people' I can understand (if not condone), but what's your beef with Ukraine?
Dark Knight
In Febrary, 2014 Crimea showed that it wanted to be in Ukraine though.
Which apparently is a good thing?
Well then there is little use even commenting on this.
but also took remedial European History in grade school.
You can not justify them by any means or desire.
Why there is no flow from Ukraine to Belarusia?
Just the people
This has the other side too
Any countries foundation is its people, countries are built by the people and for the people.
I liked that movie and recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it.
Also Cossacks was always fighting against Moscow and polish people for the Ukraine liberty
I guess every country is some country's "borderland", but I think the etymology is akin to the word "kroyity", which means "to cut out" or "to carve out", as in to cut fabric.
Another day another story about fascist Ukraine.
Yes, quite well actually
For a Ukrainian, it's not obvious, actually
> She would never be addressed using the last name
Your entire above premise seems to be based in the very soviet-era notion of a One State, One Part, One People.
One of us
What are easement laws in Germany?
I don't need history lesson from a Russian, I can read fairy tales from elsewhere.
Great Patriotic War is a bit of a mistranslation
Well, by that impeccable logic, Putin was in Yeltsin's team, Yeltsin was in Gorbachev's team (if not for long), and Gorbachev was in Andropov's team (his protege, really), so let's discount the fact that every single one of those transitions were huge shifts in direction
For those who don't know, it's a bad idea
There's no way Turkey would join in next 50 years.
That's the secret behind living in much colder climates - low humidity
Yay for their machine!" That of course includes crucified babies in Ukraine, Nazis in Baltics, CIA shooting down MH17 and all that.
Elderly people with symptoms related to their age may act weird in public, e.g. they talk to themselves, collect useless trash (hoarding), act agitated
> that should have shown us, that there will only be a future in peace, solidarity and unity among all European peoples
"It wasn't us, but all traitors will end up like this
It has been asked [just a month ago] here
> The American in this case is not confirmed to be a Nazi
The next counties to join will be the Balkan ones, probably en masse.
Well, no flag, because I move around a lot, and not belong currently to any country.
Basically they only published official^^^TM message that economy grew.
> I can’t believe how detached Lukashenko is form the public
Ah yes, famous russian tea with polonium
Now I have no money, but one day
That makes train travel way more expensive
It actually is in USA, in a way.
his only function is to milk a cow
No lockers, only backpacks only hardcore
The Provisional Government also granted more freedoms to previously suppressed regions of the Russian Empire.
Russian only has regional words and phrases
Incidents like that are an absolute tragedy, for sure, but they don't warrant reactions like in the article.
Yeah, it seems like it completely ignores real estate for Ukraine as well.
nobody now can tell what will happen to EU itself, when Ukraine will ready to join it.
Russia was interwoven into Ukraines economy because of the Soviet Union.
alas, I doubt these regulations will be enough to end it
The Karpaty zone is nothing but water now
This is the case when some country uses its ethnic groups, most of which moved to Crimea in XX, to justify international crime.
Tell that to Ukraine or the Baltics.
no, they do not deserve
It would further damage Ukraine's already shaky image in Europe, given the country's inconsistent reforms and its embarrassing preparation for the Eurovision contest itself.
Many of the German ones apply too, since we usually use German pronouciation and not English one
It was historically part of Russia, it has Russian majority and its fucking important part of the territory in terms of geopolitics(this being the most important factor).
Despite the regular reports about the mistreatment from Polish employers, the historical tensions/nationalistic clashes the general opinion on Poland is neutral at least and positive at best
[Flashbacks intensify]
Yes sure, but what about the hipocracy?
Godspeed
Honestly I cant deal with such ignorance.
Proud of war in Georgia, proud of war in Ukraine, proud of war in Syria
No one knows for sure what would happen if we tried to join.
what are you going to do
Another take on Putin, Trump and Ukraine
This is true only if the object in question is singular and male(male as in the gender of the word), if it's not you change the suffix to ська/s'ka for female singular, to ське/s'ke for neutral and to ські/s'ki for plural
Never recognize Crimea as part of Russia, and do everything to get support of other powers in UN.
Seems like a relevant topic to ask about these groups which are molding a segment of the future Ukrainian population.
Maybe in a decade when the old, russified nostalgia-commies die off.
Ukraine, belarus
Either we'll fight it or we'll lose.
And that's aside from the laughable idea of holding a referendum two weeks after announcing it.
How did you differentiate them from a Spanish or Portuguese person
Rinse and repeat after 6 months.
Of course, if I could live in a palace like this
Street art (murals) in Kyiv, Ukraine
Other than France, Portugal, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania and Russia, which are semi-presidential, and Belarus, which is presidential (like most American countries other than Canada.)
Poles - "lyahi", Russians - "kacapi, moskali"
but Ukrainians Bulgarians Romanians Gagauzians Russians and Albanians in such small peice of land is crazy
However, since Zakharova is already defending Dozhd
My region and social circle is very anti-communist for example, but every single person I talked to that was officer in USSR said that they miss it greatly
Yep, we have Soros conspiracy now, too
Well Cromwell and his followers were a special, Waffen-SS in the Ukraine, kind of Evil.
So you put all the coal power plants down south and use the turbines to send the smog to the Ukraine.
Hey, we can give him some low-level medal.
Poland tried to have colonies as well, you just didn't try enough, and anyway who needs colonies if you have what is now Ukraine.
There's an interesting thing in what you said.
She supports an illegal annexation not just in the eyes of the UN and the world, but of the host country as well.
What can you buy for 1, 10 and 100 of your currency in your country
Crimea should just be made a neutral independent state which is Ukraine/Russian bilingual, instead of being completely pro-Russia and upsetting the Ukrainians living there.
Ukraïner
Ukrainians tend to be affectionate with family and friends, more so in relationships
I think they started their Syrian war to not to focus on Ukraine
I also figured this out only last week.
Poland is one fuckin outsourcing colony and Cracow is in top 10 of IT best places to oursource (cheap well-trained young workforce).
* Infrastructure constantly breaks
You only have to look at the situation of today's Ukraine and you can easily say that Russia don't want to have any help.
Yep, those amateurs can learn a trick or two from professional players.
Can you help me to answer this question
UPDATE: according to our government first round of testing finished successfully and Russia response was...
There are *many* Russian nationalists and even Nazi fighting in Ukraine now.
Although there were ~5,5 thousands partisans in the region, most of them deployed in neighboring villages
[Ukraïner] it has English captions
>Kyrgyzstan is also pretty democratic at the moment while also being in the Russian sphere
>I wouldn't be so quick to assume that he wants to exterminate jews without indisputable evidence
Russia isn't going to take anything seriously right now though because taking over Ukraine isn't their immediate goal.
Of course you did not offend Russia, but rather complimented them
Nope, "I'm walking to school now" is the correct one
NATO backed off in Georgia following Russia's invasion, but now US/NATO is trying again in Ukraine.
But where are we gonna work then
And the Bieszczady enter Ukraine!
But there no word for it to really draw attention about this problem.
Uhmm, that's already inventing stuff :D it would have been much easier to understand if you said Central Europe.
That means no-one is going to force Russia to back down.
Cyrillic isn't too different from Latin
Second-tier clothes
* [**Узвар/uzvar**] - a drink made with boiled [dried fruit] - apple, pear, plum, raisins
But should you change the meaning of the word to, say, a nickname of some girl it's gender changes to female so we get " "Бордо" була розташована на першому поверсі цього будинку"("Bordeaux" was located on the first floor of this building)
Definitely Russia
Your independence is based on diplomatic and institutional strength, if shit hits the fan, you're instantly over and nobody can do anything about this as long as Belarus is in "their" team.
, also r europe:
And naturally that sometimes Ukrainian army can hit non-combatants.
That's what I thought at first but probably not just that.
He was sentenced for 2.5 years after he committed another crimes and made a plea bargain.
UPD
And the man has been a dictator for the last 30 years soon, he most likely truly thinks this is something he can easily solve and everyone will eventually shut up like always
While it was a horrible tragedy, I don't think it 'classifies' as a genocide.
Speakers of it mostly live in Carpathian region
yes, I made a typo
The term "sich" is a noun related to the Eastern Slavic verb sech' (сѣчь) – "to chop" or "cut"; it may have been associated with the usual wood sharp-spiked stockades around Cossack settlements
One was easily able to check it.
The internal politics are the business of the state of Ukraine.
My native language is actually Russian
Also did not mention that the USSR started a war against northern country on november 30
2) Repetition: the boy went, the boy said, the boy sat, the boy replied
Is in near Moldavia or closer to Uzbekia
Why not put them above the road?
I'm a non-native speaker and I find Scottish accent to be much easier to understand than those incipherable English ones
He might have started rapping early in life
This might seem ridiculous for most of us but there is a group of useful idiots who fully believe Obama is a fascist and Ukraine are occupied by nazis.
The nation felt (still feels) humiliated because of the fall of the Soviet Union (once the second world dominating power), the ever expanding NATO and EU, who slowly come closer and closer to Russia´s borders (Ukraine & Georgia).
25 years they were doing economically better than Poland, Poland grow and they stagnated.
Moreover, it wasn't about "saving" Europe but conquering Europe, which we can even observe from Eastern Bloc
I do believe that as well, and I do still believe that Ukraine will manage to curb the corruption and join Western democracies, while some are talking doom and gloom about current situation...it always takes blood and lot of hard work to overcome such difficulties.
They are quite rare, but you can see them sometimes in parks and buvettes.
I was 15 when ended school and 16 when joined university because I had a birthday after I signed documents with my uni
I know what i'm saying
helps old people to church on Sundays
Most part of actually potent combat units are outright russian.
This is what's referred to as France
Ukraine today has put out some garbage stories, but it is not a government mouthpiece.
Everyone has a different spin on their neo-clasism.
It is always interesting to watch what Lukashenko will do.
DEATH IS A PREFERABLE ALTERNATIVE TO COMMUNISM.
What I know is that it brought Ukr to what it is now: a powder keg.
Syrian government is winning against the terrorists(they captured east aleppo in the last few weeks, one of the most strategic areas which will free up tens of thousands soldiers for other fronts) so now Syria is getting rid of the terrorists, Putin can focus more on Ukraine.
Moldova is a failed state with a separatist territory with Russian troops and freshly elected Moscow puppet president.
Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporo, Kyoto, Fukuoka, Yokohama, Akita, Chiba, Kobe, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Nagoya
In reality, they started to extinct when modern repellents became available
From the very start of the water blockade, Ukraine knew it would bring about a humanitarian "catastrophe".
Later he wants Estonia and obviously u/jimba22 will figure out its stupid to die for Tallinn, right?
Belarus would go broke on trying to maintain that much border
&#x200B;
Now I know that our culture is being learned even outside Europe
[Dnipro is an enormous river that's treacherously calm and very deep] As we started to have more tourists, some of them managed to partake in that sad activity
If it's a quite similar face, but narrower, with a longer chin and overall smaller features, I suspect an Austrian
Though I'm a long-term fan of Ukrainian latynka project, so I'm probably just used to it.
A normal son, by the way, died in Moldavia
Millions of bigger and smaller businesses offer to replace your old-school wooden windows and balconies with the newer plastic or wooden ones with insulation, soundproof qualities, diagonal ventilation [and all] In a continental climate, those windows are a must
It was a bad idea for Ukraine to use military force in the Donbass.
Ukraine is and was a lawless cleptocracy, a weak state by all means.
Where si Colombia , where is Thailand ?
I think mostly because of the Klitschko fights since he's living in Germany (although he's competing for Ukraine).
We've got our independence, and Russians are even more salty now
> Yes, that's what I mean
Wildfires happen time to time, but this was one of the biggest
No, I sound like caricature Russian from a bad movie
I personally am from Ukraine and immigrated to Germany.
Lol dipshit don't know history.
Rentiers, remote workers - as long as you have "Western" income, you can live like a king in Ukraine, due to insanely low costs of living.
Plus, Ukraine regardless of their current problems with Russia is seen as "Small Russia" anyway.
Translation (it's written in Russian).
On one hand, statistically quite a lot of people here are religious.
They admitted that the phrases in their native language almost sounded louder or closer to them physically (it felt so)
The only country that should try to take Crimea back is Ukraine.
Congrats friend, and may you live long and happy!
It would bring nothing to the EU.
Russia didn't like that and intervened.
Ukrainian newspapers were printing TV schedules including Russian channels as well (the aforementioned governmental channels + new commercial chanels)
Ukraine has not had a dictator in charge since 1991, you can argue Poroshenko is consolidating power, but even he probably doesn't fit the definition of a dictator.
Pretty nice to have this distinguished.
Poland is mainly populated by Polish people though.
Dnieper Balts lived more up north and Yatvingians more west.
I know it breaks our hearts but Russia still has firm grip on Ukraine and EU knows it will not escalate the conflict by simply spectating
Well, we are trying to get it from Netherlands not Russia, so I assume it has a little higher chance of being returned
The word for Belarus in Norwegian is more correct than in English
Tell us, what does Ukraine mean in all Slavic languages?
However I think efforts are not enough
Maybe both
You fromwhere
Yeah, sorry that we exist, Hungary
They are leaving the country because of the bad economy and not because they are persecuted.
* Lol is used in everyday spoken language, pronounced as one syllable
Here is [the one in Moscow] You are welcome
Everything Russia does is about money - annexing Crimea, keeping the conflict going in Eastern Ukraine, having a war in Syria.
If that's their law, seems pretty ordinary for her entrance to be denied.
Ukraine, Georgia and Belarus are another story and they have nobody who really cares about them
Well, historically - probably Catherine the Great, also Stalin or anyone connected to communism, although he’s adored by boomers
Their argument was "there would be no Ukrainian artists to play". And you know what
all Italian ordinary people I've met were very kind and cool, though
(Ukraine borders Belarus, but its TV has never been broadcasted here)
If only Russia was into euro and could be "managed as Greece", what a vain hope.
Also, I used to be a junky for sad stories about the countryside and serfdom, so I liked Marko Vovchok's "Folk Stories" (1857)
Ukrainian People's Republic existed only for several years before it was undone by Soviets and Poland and it was a mess.
I'd say Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria and Albania are all pretty decent countries to visit.
Really
Ukraine goes to show how conflict can just creep up, never would have guessed it could happen a year before Maiden.
It used to
Funding different right-wing parties is one of them
In Russian it means to be brave
Also ukrainian people were afraid that with polish army polish nobility would came back, which were expelled after 1917, and it did not matter that Pilsudski said he didn't came to Ukraine to secure polish nobility property.
[There are some in southern Ukraine and south-eastern Romania as well.]
Sure, they say "It's fake,we need proofs" and then  r/RussiaDenies
The Russian news are always promising, "soon, the EU sanctions will be lifted, soon, soon", "the Italians, French, or Greeks will block them soon, soon" it smacks of desperation.
What does that exactly entail though?
They're called [digraphs] - two letters, one sound/phoneme
UPR times (1918-1921) where you can easily because leaders of it prefer to fight each other rather unite against external enemies that can be fit into assassin/templars shenanigans
Lol immigration = brown people = bad
Sometimes yeah, more in an actual derogatory context of "this hooker" or "this bitch" though.
But I'll make sure to try them next time I travel to Austria, they sound good
Why did you put Estonian in quotes
So you could guess whose side I'm on.
>Companies are required to serve people in Ukrainian
Counterintuitively however, there are words that are written identically in Russian and Ukrainian but have different genders: собака (a dog) - f in Russian and m in Ukrainian
Edit:"weakest in economic degree", not "poorest economic degree"
From my knowledge, there is evidence John Podesta fell for a fishing email (luckily before that Nigerian prince got to him), the attackers used VPNs and hence can be traced back to everywhere, including (gasp!) russia, and the software they used has been in the public domain for a year so it could have been used by anyone but it was made in (double gasp!) Ukraine.
One that knows text you need to shout.
Track suits yes, everything else - ahem, what
Lukashenko might be a dictator and him and Belarus as whole have always acted like mini-Russia.
I’m about an elevator
Noone knows anyone from there
If they had a common border with Russia they would know what a Russian is.
I think them declaring independence was also bad.
We were trying to head towards the railroad, but in a forest like this, the sound travels weirdly
I'm all for better relations but these good relations should not include intimidation and bullying.
We have time, gender, number and form to take into account
Yulia was more pro-EU if you recall.
Because as I understand it Putin has promised to lay waste to Ukraine if they attempt to join NATO, i.e.
Conjugating words can be a pain though
presidential candidates campaign to win Electoral vote, not popular one.
You want to talk about Georgia and Ukraine?
And that's still the case
* Dallas
Some of them were also suspected to be illegal formations of combat troops carrying concealed pistols
It's only hypocritical through a very certain worldview, while I support Russia owning Crimea and Serbia owning Kosovo, I think you'll find NATO interventions in both are consistent.
I know, that they will blame Russia, but that's not the first, or even the second time when military depot burns in Ukraine (in Russia as well).
High speed police chases
It summarizes the history from about World War I on in Ukrainian nationalism, which is about when nationalism gets going.
There are former-soviet camps of "play volleyball and drink" style, and scout-style ones, although less widespread
But it is **genocide** nonetheless.
Russophilia is one thing, illegal occupation is another.
They will write songs about this unbreakable unity based on cheap liquor and cigarettes :)
Just like invading Ukraine, because reasons.
Musk is nothing but a bag of money.
They ahve citizenship, granma had pension till she died, cousin has to gastarbeit in Moscow though.
Lol we too
What a beautiful resort they prepared for him.
Maybe because the comparison is apt?
You can read about in every Ukrainian poem of that time.
In fact, they will send additional people to these buildings, because Putin is Hitler, and Crimea is Ukraine.
Most Austrian of Polish cities in Ukraine - Lemberg/Lwów/Lviv
Question is, why would the Russian channel send her as their contestant, they must have known she has travelled to Crimea, and they for sure know Ukrainian law.
Milk
America's [Zhirinovsky] (except Zhirinovsky has some influence).
and Russia is still not claiming Eastern Ukraine - your original statement is false.
I see kulaks as a national group, they were people who were independent farmers, who were also a part of Ukraine.
Mass starvation doesn't have a political agenda, and the holodomor killed Ukrainians, Tatars, Moldavians and Russians alike without much discrimination.
In some places, it's almost 100% Russian, in some places it's 100% Ukrainian and in some the languages are mixed, like in Kyiv
lets say is not very popular in republican party.
Many gypsies speaking in Hungarian
That's  despicable of them and they are absolutely wrong to do it
If the relationship with the US continues to deteriorate, the EU will seek new markets to buy its military equipment and food products.
An American redditor explained this concept to me once
Our hallway just happens to be 6 m long and 1,5 m wide, with some more space behind the corner
People itt think that ruscism is just a fancy word but reality is way more gruesome.
It's like if Poland would deny heritage of Winged Hussars to Lithuanians.
Does that actually stop Ukraine from declaring war?
Gopniks
Less than two weeks into 2017 Ukraine has already used up its 5,200-ton quota of duty-free honey exports to the European Union, an agriculture ministry official said on Jan.
Don't forget to accept the cookies usage
Majority of them are no Oligarchs...
No one came to share their gladness so they tried attracting attention by creating thread on /r/ukrainianconflict/ .
The blitzed Sevastapol with Spetnaz via helicopters without having to put a foot in eastern Ukraine.
We share most of our names with Ukraine and Belarus.
I see what you did there (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).
How will you negotiate with them in that case?
you split the north atlantic powers (divide and conquer), you get weaker enemies.
There's so many interesting things to visit in Europe, I would go literally everywhere if I had the chance.
It does not change the fact Russians still love him and continue to build dozens monuments of him.
Thus in the 1940s the Dutch paediatrician Dr
Oh no, anyway
&#x200B;
The US has pushed against us for decades and if we fail here we are done for.
And I don't mean the European Union.
Actually I was taught American English but I prefer to use British English
Great Patriotic War is a bit of a mistranslation
Some may choose other way to fight for liberation of their city.
Serious question: Why is Ukraine not just abandoning the rebel territories?
On the flip side since Russia has its own nuclear deterrent, it severely limits the actions the US or the EU could take without risking a nuclear exchange.
You make one implicit assertion behind your talking.
I've noticed the opposite when i use detergent in western countries.
I don't even know how "Bärndütsch" and "Baslerditsch" sound
The EU as a whole can easily take on Russia.
It's mighty convenient to put "allies" in quotes when you know your ass is protected from any possible serious war not really by Slovenian military, but by the very allies to the west you denigrate
Just read about the azov battalion and other right-wing Ukrainian groups that glorify Nazis.
Meaning you can buy even more, should it be a fishy middle eastern-looking guy at a kebab stall
Mountains meet beaches, not as far away from me as Mediterranean and not as hot
Basically Yanukovich was a beggar comparing to Putin
People who identify as Russians vastly outnumber those who consider themselves Ukrainean there.
Cyborgs
Crimea is another story, but you wouldn't be the first to visit.
Ukraine: so is your language like 99% similar to Russian
Being half-Russian living in Ukraine I witnessed all this hysteria and hypocrisy on the Russian federal channels, when what we call ATO (anti-terrorist operation) unfolded 2014-2015
Bucovina had a lot Hebrews living there historically as well.
I used to think the answer is the implementation of Minsk II with agreed-upon constitutional amendments on decentralization and elections in Donbass.
The sanctions against Russia aren’t just in place to punish it for an invasion but to force it to change its current policy towards Ukraine.
Well I don't really know all things rich people do, maybe they sent their children to camps abroad, or take vacations while children are at school, whatever
* **pigeons**: pretty good in stew, not the city rat variety, of course
Especially with the conflict going on between Russia and my country, it’s insulting x10 when people go “ooh Ukraine and Russia
We went to this restaurant in Fez's Medina and the restaurant was, to be fair, pretty expensive (about 14 EUR for a dish which is very high for Morrocco) but literally everything was so awesome
Jokes aside, looks cool
Then it's until 1939, I'd say
Compared to 30 years ago, most African countries look like a paradise with significant improvements in wealth, health education, and infrastructure, and most also don't have wars being fought on their soil as poor as they may be.
I think the word on his shirt is the message he would like to give us all
This far from Moscow, people didn't feel they have a say in the politics, they had already had their share of heated discussions during Ukraine crisis, so they just stopped caring at all.
They aren't going to bother about your stamp unless there are markings in there which in their eyes determine you've entered Crimea illegally.
Your original was blue field covered in fleur de roses, if I recall correctly
While the Organisation itself became very stable with Ukrains refusal, i doubt that Putin would have wanted to form the EEU without Ukraine.
Europe has nukes too, so Putin wont be that retarded.
I don't think that will work at this time due to lack of trust on both sides.
she lives in kyiv and I live in London but we plan to meet up again this summer is Moscow
Anyway, in my hometown they started to extinct long before cellphones and microwaves became common
* **turkey**: surprisingly it's only gaining popularity now as it's perceived as a *healthy* option
But being outside - no
Yes, but not right next to the entrance door - we have a hallway without any rugs or carpet, only linoleum, so we can walk with our shoes on there
It's one thing to openly impose sanctions, **which Russia did in response and the EU was OK with it**.
But Crimea is not part of Ukraine
Additionally, Ukraine became an associate member state of the CIS Economic Union in 1994 and Turkmenistan an associate member state of the CIS in 2005
Adama means earth/ground
For mischief he was more than mellow
Here [some] [photos]
Coincidentally, we also have Aeneid also known as *Kotliarevsyi's Eneyida*. It has words like "whore's daughter" and all of that Virgil's literary heritage
З днем Незалежності! Путін ... (пишіть у відповіді)
&nbsp;
I miss this in Ukraine, although there are plenty of places with delicious pastry, they usually bake it to be sold in the evening for dinner, people have no habit for fresh pastry in the morning
also in western part of Ukraine, mainly Lviv, fifth largest in the Empire at the time
And now it almost not used in order to avoid misunderstandings with rassians (Moskovians)
That's the very basic knowledge
Russia considers other countries protecting their own borders as a threat though, it's like they want Poland to just sit calmly as the Russians push into Ukraine and Georgia
Get Drunk and start telling out very sad stories of our life
Stop pretending these nukes they had no control over would somehow be used as a deterrent lol.
The more inequality you have (in the country, in the world, anywhere) the more problems you will get in future.
A relevant [talk] if you are interested
We have Google Play Music and Apple Music in Ukraine, but no Spotify
The cold winter sun is out
Hence they were in fact slapped back down to size by the fiscal reality of their own country.
AFAIK in Ukraine we refer 50/50 to the Netherlands as "Holland" and the UK as "England".
I don't know, I feel like a lot of republicans are still on that fuck Russia train.
I'd say the initial push might get them control over Eastern Europe but they will get bogged down by interference from citizen militia in Poland, Ukraine and Estonia.
Here in Ukraine both ways are taught, we say that there are six parts of the world (Europe, Asia, America, Afrika, Antarctica, Australia and Oceania) And six continents (Eurasia, North America, South America, Afrika, Antarctica, Australia and Ocenia)
Ok Ukraine second -when guaranteer of borders of Ukraine took it part and began war.
I'm saying that fear of losing credibility isn't really enough to prevent major policy changes.
Considering Russia as a separate entity would make more sense than calling it Asian.
I generally support the majority of protesters.
cheap accommodation, tasty food, gorgeous women, shitty roads, grumpy people on the streets (very friendly if you talk to them, though)
Ukraine won't join EU within a decade either, even if everyone wanted to.
Basically a limited trade war, only in cyberspace.
Dual citizenship not accepted, but exceptions are made.
P.S. I'm reliant on my car because I use it everyday and travel also
My first languages are Ukrainian and Russian, so I understand Belarusian, Polish and Czech languages pretty well (didn't encounter Slovakian, but I don't think it would be a difficulty to me)
If Trump goes through with dissolving NATO and Russia feels like it would like the rest of eastern Ukraine?
Ukrainian should be the same as French
The whole anti-soviet movement
LoL, documented involvement of Russia in Ukraine, threats that they will nuke European countries and we should just dissolve NATO because some Putin puppet said so
As in, does the media in your country include this as part of the mainstream dialogue?
What you want to say is "the largest group" which would mean for Crimea for example a vote for stay within Ukraine.
Sure they can cut trade with Belarus but so can the EU offer trade deals to minimise the impact.
The gas infrastructure in Europe is quite extensive the pipeline trough Ukraine is not necessary for transferring gas to the rest of Europe.
Your Portuguese passport will be valid in Ireland too.
Mordor
If we had Ukraine and Belarus maybe we'd be able to draw a better conclusion.
I think it was Jamala or Tina Karol who helped her with the vocals
It is somehow painful, so ppl get distracted of a total deep mess Ukraine is now.
It would be an immensely retarded waste of time and resources to increase the population of Siberia when you consider that places like the US midwest, central Ukraine, and Zimbabwe are both hundreds of times more hospitable in climate and dozens of times more productive in agricultural terms.
He want to deal with everyone and uphold the interests of all
I dislike what he is doing with foreign policy, especially the part about backing out of Nato.
all (not all) younger people are abroad now but this can be "fixed" if we can manage the imigration from Moldova and Ukraine for exemple, look at Poland who have a lot of Ukrainian people :) hope u understand my trash english!
You're right, female patronymics usually end with **-ivna** (Petrivna) and male - with **-ovych** (Petrovych)
I was today years old when I realized it
Its hard for me to find an analogy to this situation, imagine soviet singer in Helsinki in 1939.
remembered to ban Samoilova only after she was nominated for Eurovision.
Now it’s using the UK picture, the same situation with Northern Ireland
There were large scale protests against Yanukovych's corruption and abuse of power
How is that bad
And i guess they have right to do democraticly what they want.
There's like six of them
Intermarum when
Just like in Ukraine, where the West is pro-EU and the East is pro-Russian then?
Let's use the new word in a sentence:
Shchedryk, Ukrainian New Year Carol.
Communism makes everyone equally poor.
The guy he's replying to is saying that it's 100% fake and there's nothing going on in the city.
You love the New Year
Tell him we basically had joined dynasties in the 11th century
If Ukrainians didn't start violence towards Russian speaking population, then things could've played differently.
No one is ever going to invade the US or a NATO state because it would be an unwinnable fight.
Thank you
French Belarusian
There is not anything really wrong with tying Ukraine to the Russian world.
Also
I also have to say that many people consider it quite poor, here there are many kids that have been adopted from Belarus, Russia, Poland and Ukraine, especially after the Chernobyl disaster, although it's also known that Russians, for example, are very rich.
IIRC, even in Russia they only have one
Because the buzz of Putin's lover Orban is not an argument at all
Granted those people are still a minority.
I am glad you have Ukraine to make yourself feel better, because all of the Western world can easily do the same by looking down on Russia.
EU listed a bunch of demands, such as adoption of a few laws, creation of electronic declaration system and making it mandatory for highest government officials, etc.
Thank you, Lithuania, for the consistent support
coup d'etat but it was to gain power, not ot hold
Many companies have lack of qualified or low qualified people right now, they cannot produce without people.
On the other hand the US and Britain aren’t occupying Iraq right now, so what would sanctions against them even accomplish?
By sanctioning Russia the EU shows that it wants warm relations with Ukraine, another potential market with a lot of growth potential.
Can't wait for the next season
Where Chemberland give them Sudets
I'm not sure how this compares to other countries, or whether Russia engaged in other economic endeavours.
So what else do you have, troll
I'm sure Ukraine will stop everything they are currently doing once Russia removes itself, its weapons, soldiers and money and stops ignoring UA sovereignty.
I think it will continue to flail about for a few decades and then will either experience economic growth based on a modernising economy, or economic stagnation if it's economy doesn't change.
In Ukraine, you can buy a local SIM which is relatively cheap and doesn't require any contract
I guess all neighboring countries will see an increase in number of medical tourists from Poland
Expecting this to be downvoted as it doesn't fit the "There are no Nazis in Ukraine, that's just Russian propaganda" arguement /s
I fucking love it
Ukraine is poorer than Morocco.
Border of Armenia is screwed up, there were no independent Ukraine, Georgia and Armenia.
Corruption in Ukraine, plus a "fuck you" from some people to the leaders in the Netherlands and in Brussels.
EDIT: If we count Grand Princes  (and regent-consort, princess-consort and dozens of a princess )  we have next names:
We're pretty kind people originally
They've seen what memes can do to politics
Russian soldiers are in E Ukraine.
So...he'd need to invade Canada
Why would Ukraine even want Crimea?
IDK, I pretty much enjoy the castles and to some extent the cattle.
Now just wait for the news about angry french decapitating iranians
Economically it's not a desirable or appealing integration core.
Crimea had a majority-Russian population, it's a stone throw away from Russia, Russia out-numbers and out-guns Ukraine in a way that can't be compared to Turkey and Europe, and sadly - most powers don't care about Ukraine the way they do for EU (EU is one of the powers, actually).
ah, near-EU's Ukraine seems still majorly affected too.
The word order and meaning are the same as in English
The Country itself - no, but some dumb nationalists - yes.
The only vehicles seeing real use are the Technicals.
I think universal healthcare should function alongside private medicine and get proper financing, that's the perfect balance
He asked how is power produced from hydrogen, not how hydrogen is produced.
The most important question : where will Norway gonna utilize all these used batteries from cars after 10 years or so
The print is what preschoolers write in
If you would be resident for that year.
bombarding the districts of Slaviansk
Well done
[Dakha Brakha - The Monk]
Now you don't need to have your plastic ID on you, you just need your smartphone
In Russian there are no articles so there is no "Ukraine vs.
He's just expaining the reasons for why people hated each other.
The construction of sentences, the pronunciation, alphabet and grammar are kinda far away from each other
I remember being bored out of my mind reading "Ivanhoe" and "The Last of the Mohicans" when I was 12-13 and in a summer camp
[FTFY]
Not a city, but
Do these sanctions even achieve much?
Usual milk is too sweet for me, so I prefer vegan (wheat) one
Obviously it's because he's moving up [the alphabetic list of countries in Europe] This election might force him to expedite the plans to move up to Azerbaijan
Damn, i thought [our] prime-minister were youngest , he is 35 at the moment
it is, indeed, brilliant
The only way to overrule that is if Crimea was considered a sovereign state.
My Norwegian friend once said speaking Danish is like speaking Norwegian with a hot potato in the mouth
Regular working class people can't afford to buy new clothes, let alone expensive furniture, with our 250 dollar wages and 70 dollar pensions, so people don't know IKEA
Also these windows actually can switch between THREE functions: side-to-side, up-down and 'microventilation' where you put the handle at 45 degrees and the window pops open like in up-down position but it will only go for like quarter of an inch
bad roads
I've been to Paris several times and lived there for about a year.
500 million in the EU, 700 million in Europe, looks like a vast fucking majority.
So what
After all the things your soldiers did in Ukraine, you coming here and saying something like that is weird
By the Grace of God, We, NN, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, Moscow, Kiev, Vladimir, Novgorod; Tsar of Kazan, Tsar of Astrakhan, Tsar of Poland, Tsar of Siberia, Tsar of Chersonese Taurian, Tsar of Georgia; Lord of Pskov and Grand Prince of Smolensk, Lithuania, Volhynia, Podolia, Finland; Prince of Estland, Livland, Courland, Semigalia, Samogitia, Belostok, Karelia, Tver, Yugra, Perm, Vyatka, Bolgar and others; Lord and Grand Prince of Nizhny Novgorod, Chernigov, Ryazan, Polotsk, Rostov, Yaroslavl, Beloozero, Udoria, Obdoria, Kondia, Vitebsk, Mstislav, and all of the northern countries Master; and Lord of Iberia, Kartli, and Kabardia lands and Armenian provinces; hereditary Sovereign and ruler of the Circassian and Mountainous Princes and of others; Lord of Turkestan; Heir of Norway; Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, Stormarn, Dithmarschen, and Oldenburg, and others, and others, and others
Slavic cultures: Russia, Poland, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia...and everybody else that I've forgotten...
Bosnian [Bosanska Artiljerija] and Estonian [Metsavendade laul] are my favorites
They can ban whoever they want, just like we can ban whoever we want.
Do you really think Ukraine could do anything if Russia went full out on them?
Actually, visa-free travel to EU was one of our president's electoral promises.
Whenever I think of Bucharest badly, usually I think of Ferentari, but maybe all of Sector 5 sucks
But your option is not the worst: when I was deciding between French and German, I watched a video about French numbers and was like NOPE
if you are from Australia you can always teach English here, even though the English got better in last years, English speakers are still very welcomed here (beside that, foreginer usualy work as IT experts and scientiscts (except Ukraines who work as a workes) )
Long enough I think for the Poles to feel slightly threatened whenever they see Russia in a nationalist mood.
Russia is revealing their own Russia in Ukraine.
Most new building are disgusting soviet looking slabs of concrete that bring tears to my eyes.
Countries like the Ukraine are culturally mentally and geographically more part of Russia than it is of the EU.
Pick-up trucks are almost non-existent
Even if all of them wanted to go back to Ukraine, they are still outnumbered by far.
Remember all the polls telling us Brexit would not happen?
As an engineer, hell YEAH, if this leads to less data collection and targeted advertising, and marketing
I guess, since "pan/pani" literally means *"lord/madam"* or *"someone who owns land and rules over smaller people"* (not an official title though, just an addressing), it was perceived as bourgeois in the Soviet times, and the Name+Patronymic addressing (or just *"tovarisch* (literally, *comrade*) *Petrov/Petrova"*) became the most prevalent and usual in our documents, workspace, education, etc
In Ukrainian [the] order of [the] words can be changed in almost any way
Genuinely curious
Just noticed something interesting.
There was something about Empire there.
All reasons to be serious about Russia.
but Salvini, I hate him more than pineapple pizza
To see such an amazing artifact is a rare feat and we spent several hours there on our short weekend trip
The only one that I know lyrics is Ukrainian cause I learned it at school and know it by heart
The Great Wall to not let the continental Northerners in, of course
That's what English Wikipedia says
Georgia is fucked unless Russia has regime change.
If you are to include such movement, other should be included, even though that are often quite irrelevant, like a movement to make join Galicia and Portugal, Moldova and Romania, or movements of ethnic minorities in Romania, Estonia, Ukraine.
Horrible
To be fair, I can't say these songs are really popular
Worse than that, common attitude to any problem related to public property is apathetic
All of Ukraine and part of Belarus?
More like guys and guys, girls and girls
That's why Russia has so much support in Eastern Ukraine.
Ukraine still consider Crimea ukrainian.
they all have Russian passports now, if they don't like Ukraine so much they could find a better life in Russia
The Great Patriotic War (1941-45) was essentially equated with WWII, and the USSR almost single-handedly won this war
Sure, they say "It's fake,we need proofs" and then  r/RussiaDenies
Okay, tell me how that happens?
However, everyone in every region understands both languages, and having a conversation where each person speaks their mother tongue is very common
Actually, their call is reported to have covered discussion on Ukraine as well, so they might have an understanding for the US not to meddle there any more.
All Ukraine is doing is defending its territories from the terrorists sponsored by Russia.
Whenever I argue against 22-story high apartments built by soviets with my parents, they always counter with "but imagine how happy people living in barracks were when they got their OWN apartment
Most Crimeans want to be a part of Russia.
Meh, it's not like we have enough money to visit any of them touristy countries.
So far, several countries neighboring russia have felt direct and utterly negative consequences from putins regime.
101/102/103 in Ukraine
Icelandic is beautiful in a fairytale way
It's unlikely he will ever release his taxes and probably won't fully relinquish control of his company.
AFAIK you need your passport to visit Ukraine.
Ukraine wasnt even close to NaTO but Putin obviously didnt want us to join EU.
No data, fuck off
Especially in Europe, especially in places like Slovenia
Definetly First World War and the subsequent revolutions
"*.
What we will get from US government instead is another leaked batch of internal Kremlin correspondence no one seriously cares about at the moment, but which might become part of credible evidence of Russian aggression in Ukraine if certain members of Russian leadership were to face some sort of trial in the more distant future (we have already seen Surkov emails, next in line is Putin's press secretary Peskov).
Oh shit this is out time to shine.
I haven't seen many people that learn Ukrainian
It's similar in many parts of eastern Europe, where the has been immense russification.
So you're admitting Ukraine was robbed?
Like they don't care about that
All of these is at terrible state in Ukraine.
The EU didn't force Ukraine to sign the Association agreement.
Monsanto has an office in Ukraine.
Can you imagine something that is made today that can still be used after almost 1000 years
Bandera was in German camps when it happened, lel.
Maybe because when you hit rock bottom, it's difficult to recover, especially when you're an addict or have a mental illness that has caused this whole situation
Poland and especially Ukraine will be cheap, any Scandinavian country will be very expensive in comparison - especially Norway, which would be more expensive than any place you've previously mentioned, and you already mentioned expensive places.
Most of us perfectly understand that especially an older Polish generation will definetly talk shit about Ukraine from time to time, but that's alright, it happens
All handwriting is cursive
Well none of the countries you mentioned are "eastern", but central.
Both sides are claiming "we aren't doing anything, the other side is attacking us".
They're called [digraphs] - two letters, one sound/phoneme
Ukraine is literally mentioned there as entity that shouldn't exist.
Whose hides were tough and necks well lethered -
Щойно з маршу вернувся
Are current sanctions hurting Russia?
No kevlar vests, no helmets, no good food, no clean water, no uniforms, nothing.
Supporters of President Yanukovich also used the term 'tituskhy' to refer to pro-opposition thugs
Russia didn't manage to take Ukraine, for gods' sake.
As there are Two main sources, Gal Anonim and Kadłubek, both with different history before 966 we can't really know.
So, when Europe again to begin ''deeply concerned''?
E.g., an average Ukrainian face of a male is oval with a tendency to an upside-down egg, the nose is rounded and the cheeks are puffy
In it he describes that Ukrainians have lived on the Earth for thousands of years and took part in almost all main events in history
More left extremists than anywhere else and serious problems with racism and sexism at the same time
I'm not really into alcohol but as far as I know, you can buy at least a litre of alright vodka here for 100 SEK worth of money
There are too many people (including some corrupt politicians) who make money from smuggling stuff to and from occupied territories.
Nonetheless Europe should still have a defence force.
Don't know, but we totally need high wall right there
Everyone I met in hostels etc who had arrived by plane said they received similar scrutiny.
That's very weird
I don't know, I've never been to the US, but from people's accounts, it's noticeable there
And then Ukrainian revisionists ruined everything.
And Russian state propaganda makes a great deal of effort to boost empathy in its audience (demonstrating how people in Ukraine/Siria/Baltics suffer and how they need help), but also making sure to alienate and discredit opposition/Ukrainian state/the West, in order to shift perception of their policies away from rational criticism and make it as emotional as ossible.
Bulgarian is Russian Churchian
These will be some very tumultuous times.
Muscovites need to learn proper Ruthenian first.
They just look different, although, sometimes there's a bland of features
I guess losing the passport when your plane is in the morning, is not emergency, idk
So going back to Bordeaux, "Бордо" as a noun signifying the region in France has neutral gender
Crimea, however, is recognized as Ukrainian by everyone except Russian and its puppet states, so it's universally thought of as Ukrainian land, although not controlled by Ukraine, so in practice it is Russian territory.
And it is the best worst song that my country sent to Eurovision
A lot of yes-supporter rhetoric was focused on the notion that voting 'no' to oppose the EU was stupid.
Plus murder rate in Europe is 1/100 000.
Without the Russia flair I would assume that this is a funny dark joke, but with the Russia flair it reads like a threat
Completely shutting off Russia from SWIFT and the international banking system while showing clear and determined effort to rebuild the devastated European energy security, you would have them begging on their knees within weeks
The difference is that black market in Europe is so saturated with illegal firearms (now mostly from Yugoslavia, Ukraine and Libya) that average terrorist has no problem getting his hands on one.
З = with, from
No, "my" side of argument sees refugees as those who come from war-torn countries/regions.
Any International court's judgements
AFAIK it's either Odessa or the area near Carpathians, like Lviv or Ivano-Frankivsk
Partly because of this decision, Ukraine became independent and acknowledged around the world only in 1991
I'm sure that there will be more sanctions if the situation in Ukraine will not be resolved.
You are talking about events, not periods
But there is no doubt that everyone who gave orders and everyone who enforced them understood that famine would be an aftermath of grain extortion.
Switzerland has more opportunities n all
I am not sure how logical is this.
There is a good reason that all the politicians are seen as thieves.
It's more a question of national identity and historical oppression than anything to do with the language or culture in itself.
Why would it become home for Crimean tatars?
IMO Scottish has very distinct pronunciation of many consonants that helps the Slavic ear a lot, whereas English accents often just mangle words to oblivion
Ukraine is no more "Europe" than Russia
There were some very far right, Nazis sympathizers that played a role in what happened in Ukraine.
Couldn't say better
I wonder if that was the case pre-soviet union.
"Revolutionaries", right
Or you want to say that courts, attorney and cops are not a unified machine only doing what government wants in a sensitive matters like this?
They are still a part of Ukraine.
a deterrent and a demonstration of commitment to NATO.
It's funny (and sad) that Russia started to kill civilians in the East of Ukraine because a bunch of people in the West of Ukraine praise Bandera , who, by the way, did not take part in the Massacre of Poles.
Also thanks based EU for trying to do at least something to combat this problem ;_;7
The same reason nobody is trying to get Albania/Moldova/Ukraine to join in.
The Soviet Union collapsed internally.
I was like, a channel called *ushanka* show
They'll just give them houses
Result is that it's critically underfunded and gets additional dotation from national budget each year
But where do you think the borders lay culturally?
**Known by most Ukrainians, but I can't say that by "all"**
So Ukraine's wishes don't matter, let their country be chopped and their people murdered, because Russia desires to keep its "sphere of influence".
Every time I ride those suburban or intercity electric trains where you don't have an assigned seat (приміські та міжміські поїзди), I wonder how a foreigner in Ukraine can possibly use them
5000 is nothing most are probably paid protesters from PO.
Belarus is closer to puppet state
It was a constitutional monarchy last time I checked
The conflict itself would still keep on going, because Putin needs it for those purposes that you mentioned.
Dragging attention from thousands of gun homicides to an actual war is a dick move
I can somewhat understand Polish if written or slowly spoken.
He learned not to invade through Ukraine but instead drive straight to Moscow.
As for our media, that's where you're a bit off
Austria ):
The question asked was "Are you for or against the ratification of the association treaty between the European Union and Ukraine?"
[P.PAT, YUKO - Hrushka (Pear Tree)]
There is specific situation in both Ukraine and RF: they have a large amount of modern anti-air systems.
Poland is an ally at the moment in addition to being a "career destination". The relationship is indeed weird
Germans	**3,5k**
Glad for them both, but isn't Ukraine a possible Trojan horse for Russians at this point?
It's as if some Jews for some political reasons wanted only some part of Holocaust to be recognized, and didn't care about the rest.
Not sure about Kazakhstan, as it's an EAEU country, but the only reason there is even some kind of program is because of the refugees coming from Ukraine, before that it was and still is in many ways a HUGE bureaucratic hassle to gain Russian citizenship if you weren't born there.
So people would want them be kept "liberated".
If Nazis succeeded, almost every city east of Warsaw would be demolished and depopulated and tens upon tens of millions of innocent people from Baltic States, Ukraine, Belarus and Russia would be exterminated in the concentration camps and the other half would be forced in the labour camps.
Annexation of Crimea, war in Donbas,  treating us like we are theirs little brothers, stealing and rewriting our history and much more
Referendum on independence from Ukraine in 1994.
I don't think you quite understand the situation in Ukraine, when you compare it to the dispute over the northern kuriles.
As for Kosovo, I think it is a wise stance
Damn it, I wanted to say missile shield >_<
Real anti corruption initiatives that will have a result, an adequate and competent government that really care about citizens, but not only about the interest of oligarchs
Please respect that and don't abuse this feature
Though we can manage without them
Internal flight alternatives (most of Ukraine is no warzone) prevent this from happening.
Turkey has become authoritarian islamic republic and is now blackmailing the EU.
It's a joke that has some didactic undertones
In Nizhny Novgorod, we have streets named after Karl Marx, Engels, Heine, Darwin, Karl Liebknecht, Max Hoelz, Robespierre, Sacco and Vanzetti, Maurice Thorez, Shakespeare, Julius Fuchik; Belarus, Ukraine, Luhansk, Kiev, Lviv, Georgia, Minsk, Odessa, Riga, Tallinn, Tbilisi.
I guess you dont care that Russia just takes a piece of land of another country.
That immediately nationalized everything belonging to privatbank, including cash in ATMs.
Ironically, the Prince of Kyiv had close relatives on both sides of Stamford Bridge
IT janitor lmao
Such a beautiful country, beautiful people.
It also makes him a liar, cause when he finally admited that russian troops are in Crimea, he claimed they were sent only after the unrest already started.
Welcome to the club, buddy)
Green ("white filling", usually from east), red (usually from Karpaty and near Romania) and hybrid (apple + pear etc
When they commit an offense and there's a basis to get them detained, they are placed in a governmental psychiatric facility for further examination and treatment
Ukraine, Belarus and Lithuania.
Naturally, after the elections, he ~~started~~ continued to use luxurious cars (he's a rich dude) and also surrounded himself with a security cortege
Lol I loved getting my change in candies in Ukraine.
That's high praise from a country that invented Oktoberfest, haha
Hmmm....There are free cafes in Bosnia and Kosovo...wow!
You're right, especially the part with the guy playing the buhai
but now you don't give a f, I know
As has happened not once during numerous protests and demonstrations over the last two years, the latest one being two weeks ago.
Even if the experience isn't identical, I feel like I can have a chat with an Irishman because they know what a great famine is, how it feels like having the native language suppressed and artists/writers assigned to another country because they spoke/wrote in the more prestigious language of that country, etc
Ukrainian medic Natalia and ambulance driver were killed yesterday in Ukraine near Avdiivka, East Ukraine
It's not forcing, it's just common sense
I would copy Swiss anal-retentiveness about social and public property and issues
It would hurt them much more and they'd have little benefit from invading any Baltic country.
Even when I was freelancing and paying my own taxes I still negotiated about after-tax payments, and tax was automatically added
And Turkey until it gets its shit together.
It's what they did in Belarus and Ukraine.
I do it because it pisses them off.
Because I think the EU has a lot of better places to buy chicken from
Yes, but my English is not that good to consider it as a particular problem
Commieblocks are mostly grey, dirty, and need capital repairs
Of course I will but you know this article is part of what already is developing my opinion and expectations for his term.
They have every right to choose which club they want to join.
Since quotas took place, numerous great Ukrainian pop-artists were discovered and I can now enjoy high- and middle-quality Ukrainian pop while in Uber, instead of Russian shitty music
Your cultures are very similar though.
But 5 months later, I still need to hear some numbers twice / think about it a bit longer to understand it
The term can be applied to any nationality as well as city dwellers, as long as they fit the criteria
Definetly First World War and the subsequent revolutions
While you're correct about international law (and the UN resolutions allowing unilateral declarations of independence don't apply to Crimea because they were contiguous territory of Ukraine and fully integrated into the metropolitan Ukrainian government (and weren't sufficiently culturally distinct, which is also a requirement when either of the other two are met), ultimately the law doesn't matter because Russia, for all its decay since the Cold War, still retains substantial second strike capabilities and hasn't hurt anyone with any deliverable strategic weapons (or biological weapons they're willing to disclose).
Sputnik, Assange and co have already started attacking him
Clearly Ukraine couldn't protect their citizens if Russia was able to take Crimea
PS: Dnipro was the highway to the richest and most developed countries of its time (Byzantine Empire, Mediterranean countries) so it naturally became the most important trade road in a region
I'm wodering about this as well.
Rayo Vallecano refuses to loan Ukrainian player Zozulya after its fans call him Nazi
what is the most correct way to call people of British Isles
Many Russia border European nation ARE in both EU and NATO tho.
I think a lot of people are willing to forgive Russia, but they need stop their hostile attitude first.
Stalin
You are fully in your safe space
However, since Zakharova is already defending Dozhd, maybe the Russian gov will finally forget about the story with that stupid Leningrad survey and put Dozhd on air again.
Yes, it did
we got in
[Dnipro is an enormous river that's treacherously calm and very deep] As we started to have more tourists, some of them managed to partake in that sad activity
* [within Prypyat'] - poplar, acacia, and pine trees everywhere - exactly as it should be in northern Ukraine
Of course you can be proud of your heritage as it was the country of your distant ancestors, but to say it is modern Ukraine is a bit silly...
Ukraine, Norway, Italy, Croatia looks great
One of my favorites despite hating modernist bullshit, [elbphilharmonie] and [the port house]∏Hufton_Crow_007.jpg?1474565778) in Antwerp.
It was not official when Crimea was in Ukraine.
Article 1
And we've seen that when Putin starts losing popularity, and thus power, he invades another country.
Consider especially Ukraine: GDP in the same graph as the poorest African countries.
A person who is well-read in more "archaic" literature would be able to distinguish a lot of words in common.
[KAZKA - Плакала] is still very popular
Only islamic countries+ Serbia, Georgia and Ukraine that are afraid of precedents.
Humans are too close together
**Konstanty Ostrogski** (Grand Hetman of Lithuania, ruled in Ukrainian land)
Russia is a threat to Ukraine purely by its existence.
Russian Su-33 crashed in the Mediterranean while attempting to land on Kuznetsov aircraft carrier
And you countered with mentioning Ukraine, a place being invaded by Russia.
In fact, I think that many in the Kremlin secretly regrets the intervention in eastern Ukraine.
Russia, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Ukraine.
Giving more to a tyrant won't stop him, saying "no" does.
The Member of the EU
If not, even after they've united, they are only getting just enough to get themselves in Parliament, mainly because of so many "alternatives", meanwhile Poroshenko gets at least a third of seats due to election rules.
I feel like sometimes your support used to slip into your comments more than you realized it.
The one purpose titushky served was the intimidation and dispersal of anti-governmental demonstrations and attacks on participants and representative of the media
In fact, what we have:
What should happen is punishment is handed down.
Self explanatory, considering that prostitution is legal in Germany, if I'm not mistaken
Russian Anti-Gay Lawmaker Caught Shopping For Embargoed Fish In Finland
The whole Ukraine affair is simplistically speaking a big huffing-and-puffing power-battle between EU and Russia.
There was a coup in Ukraine and they refused to give Gazprom the money they owned.
> This is not to say that the existance of microwave ovens and cell phones has anything to do with cockroach population
It's an ideological weapon and a propaganda tool of the so-called [Russkiy Mir] (the Russian World), so we need to be conscious and aware of its destructive powers
Georgia — Грузія [Hruziia]
Yes, they have loads of personnel and gear and they have modernised them a ton but running an army, especially on a full on war against say Baltics is not cheap.
Yep, Russians also said they are a brother nation with Ukraine
Except that what happened here, could happen only due to extremely weak state of the government and open cooperation from local officials and law enforcement.
Good luck to you, Estonians
It's because in Russian language the word "Родина" (motherland) is feminine
Me neither
I can provide sources on the fact that it's [Kubans peoples republic] But I cant provide any for seperstist movements in Eastern Ukraine pre-2014.
Just a media person aggressively promoted by russian media.
God I hate that insufferable cunt and his tireless work to destroy Europe.
Or it's the Amnesia monster if you imagine Portugal+Spain as the head and France as the gaping mouth
We usually were concerned with the boars while going deeper into the nature
Timing is key
What next, the Baltics because they have sizeable Russian minorities?
Yes, but my English is not that good to consider it as a particular problem
Yeah should've said I meant the ones that border Russia and aren't EU + NATO.
* e-gov services development (neeed an improvement though)
It's wonder me we have some our words sounds similar in Dutch
Also in Romania hunting is pretty big, and in Ukraine.
^^^which ^^^god ^^^gave ^^^you
Well, they already admitted presence of their army in Crimea and Donbass.
They kinda are so it's understandable
It is of course highly unlikely but I don't think that distance matters so much in age of ballistic missiles and fighter jets.
I mean, no one really denies that they preferred to separate from Ukraine and join Russia if given the option.
if all the oil has been stolen by the "fine capitalists"
It is common name
These people came from non-European lands and are today perfectly integrated in the Greek society.
I remember how they make the special present for Alan Turing after he broke Enigma code.
Teaching whatever religion under Soviets - who you are, KGB officer or what?
but still blame Ukraine
In 1917, Mykhaylo Hrushevskyi thought that People's Republic of Ukraine doesn't need an army (even thought there was a possibility to create a big, powerful army)
Short barrel) and the blurry one seems like a Pz II - obviously these are just WW2 reenactors, nothing to worry about komrads, just fake news.
Their "soft invasions" or whatever you would like to call them, in Ukraine have done little to get Europe to respond.
) will be joking about now
Yeah, unfortunately, pretty much everything in Ukraine is stuck in communism.
I'm glad Trudeau is holding his ground, especially when you see other countries ready to capitulate.
she was not banned when she performed
Children have to study other subjects on Ukrainian after fifth grade
Im really tired of living with these fucking morons, even back in March i knew this would happen here and it did
all the damn soviet names we got rid of (expect in crimea)
Prepare for the screams of "I didn't vote for THIS" regardless out outcome.
I assume they were either polish(Lwów) or russian(Lvov)
Clashes over blockade of coal from eastern Ukraine
We had some problems in the past, but now we are BFF
This is just video, a plain fact.
It's that it is not our (EU) fault.
And yes, Article 5 don't obligate anyone to defend Baltic states.
I'm sure she would say the same to the French Basques in case they, you know, became interested.
Families were watching russian news by the dinner, discussing might of russian forces, and when they will defeat all the terrorists in chechnya.
Such a bullshit you just wrote.
I call a spade a spade and your hurt feeling are not something I give a rats ass about
who are you to tell them they're living 'wrong' if they think it's fine
* The structure of an average person's name:
Yes, but it does not mean we are the arbiters of human ascension into utopia.
Джьон мейд гіз уей тю е тавен сфру зе дак фоест, оунлі тю файнд ау-дет гі феґот зе моні.
>English is very well known for its wealth of synonyms expressing certain nuances and collocations
On one of our visits of Amsterdam one of our passports were stolen late in the evening
The US agreed with Russia in the 80-90s that NATO won't expand towards Russia and look what happened.
Didn't russia say that it won't participate this year because they're butthurt about Ukraine winning?
The millions of Russians in Crimea and Donbass overwhelmingly wanted to join Russia and pass referenda to do so.
So what if your president is serving for 25 years and actually is a dictator
I am a geography geek and I was devastated when I learned that Bangladesh is feminine regardless of how it looks
Napoleon made fresh NEW hellish mistakes.
Ukraine also isn't and wasn't an EU or NATO member.
I know one, possibly both were during the campaign.
When the war started, soldiers had literraly nothing.
Of course, for Russians generally Belarus would be best friend and Ukraine would be least favorite (thanks to propaganda).
oh shit, i was looking at public opinion post, where Ukrainians approve same sex marriage at 9% while Russians at 11%.
Russian isn't a foreign language
The beached inside the city are awful, the city itself very run-down and the prices are on European level
If he was a Nazi, wouldn't he be fighting for the Ukraine and against Russia ?
Not yet, but probably soon
But that famine affected not only Ukraine.
I hope we'll win 2 games in our group, I want us to go out of the group but it's just a dream ahhh
At this point, all the frozen conflicts should be addressed (Donestk, Lugansk, Transnistria, Abkhazia, South Ossetia, etc) and solved in an as-mutually-beneficial way as possible.
Such a weak economy for such a big country as Ukraine would probably become a huge problem for the EU if it joined it.
So yeah, I'm just tired of this stereotype
My dad used to work in Siberia and Far North in Soviet times (voluntarily, mind you) and it was pretty bearable with adequate clothing.
In general, he has a rather positive view here rather than a negative, but he is criticized for union with Russia and someone also criticizes his alliance with Crimean Tatars (we weren't friends back in those days) - both alliances didn't end well for Ukrainians
Oh well
I mean, Polish wouldn't be so hard, if you were growing up speaking Russian and Ukrainian as your mother tongues
Like the rest of Europe owes something to the east.
>rebels
There are camps from Soviet era, near the lakes or rivers mostly
Why not fucking Bangladesh, or, I dont know, maybe Ukraine that is actually in Europe and kinda at war.
There is the old saying of "biting the hand that feeds you." It feels a bit like that.
It did not work
But they would also eat some of that megafauna meat.
They played a lot of Il-2 and shit
I meen when ever we could fuck up the country so big and powerful
They're the ones that invaded Ukraine and ignored borders and previous agreements that they were party to.
Ultimately they gave it to Ukraine but people were never happy about it.
I've seen calculation that taking into account voter outcome on last elections only 15-20% of population voted for EdRo.
(unlimited internet + 500sms and 500 minutes on other operators and in some European countries
They expected Ukraine will bite the bait and ban her entry, since they knew there might be security issues, and that the girl could be harassed in Ukraine by the radicals, simply because she is representing Russia.
But that is not enough
the countryside, though, is ХІХ century without food scarcity
Northern Lights
Saw such ad on YouTube at least five times today
Ukraine needs to come back to civil definition of society very fast.
Regular working class people can't afford to buy new clothes, let alone expensive furniture, with our 250 dollar wages and 70 dollar pensions, so people don't know IKEA
The East European nation of Ukraine is bordered by Poland, Slovakia, Russia and Belarus.
This is a war for the very existance of the idea of democracy, human values and a united Europe.
_See, the glory's born again,_
English is not very common, though you can find people who do speak it.
Crimea is geopolitically very important to Russia.
young men from Ukraine in Poland aren't only looking for work, but they don't want to die on the front.
Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, etc are also in Europe, you know.
**Pelmeni** is a sturdy, calorific food
Ukrainians don't exactly do that: the corresponding feminine verb form is йшла (jšla), masculine йшов (jšou).
Budjak is a better name than South Bessarabia IMO
The people in their turn also can look away for a minute, it's all good
As far as I know the government didnt really change things that much after 1991 so all of the state-owned stores and buffets with foods my parents reminisce about are all still there, it’s kinda cool
Pottery and timber is questionable (although I'm not an expert as well) so you end up with stone tools and bones
Please explain what did that "labelling as an enemy" include?
• 1253–1349 (Kingdom of Ruthenia)
> Just look Bolivia and how pathetically they tried with Venezuela
Is there a further barrier to pass, like PM signature?
[YUKO - Hreblia]
* "do" (to (I go **to** the shop -- Ja jdu do kramnyci)
My only association with this word was physics
It was right decision for us to come to the station at 9:30, because, apparently, central police station works from 10AM
Poland is an ally at the moment in addition to being a "career destination". The relationship is indeed weird
But if there's a grass strip or sidewalk, the cars just push to the sides until they both fit the width of the road
I second the Lithuanian brothers and sisters in their amazing support of Belarus on the road towards the democracy
Putin to Trump: Lift Sanctions Or Ukraine Gets It
Russia is ironically the second most rejective Republic with only 73% voting yes, with only Ukraine wanting to break free more than them with 71% wanting to keep the Union.
Russia has invaded this place ''just because'' a number of times........and you can always find justifications and shit if you really want to.
PS: BTW we have [duma that mentions Mikołaj Potocki]
Like, Russia can't even afford a fucking Windows license
Russia retains some control over Ukraine, Ukraine retains a foreign enemy to consolidate against.
Laws are more like suggestions, unless somebody up high wants to fuck with you.
The sanctions are imposed because these countries are enemies to Russia, but the war in Ukraine is a justification.
Freude, schöner Götterfunken, Tochter aus Elysium etc etc
The country is experiencing both brain- and capital drain and it cannot really produce anything beyond fossil fuel products and weapons.
but company, that own content, can ask VK to delete it if they want.
Ukraine will be better off without the EU which is currently failing and falling apart.
Then start believing, becouse that's what happens, man, that's what happens.
The fact that they are allowed to say such things in public characterize if not the whole Ukraine, but at least their impotent government.
Around middle school, students start to develop their own style of handwriting, and some use print-like elements like the lowercase **T** or a snowflake-like **Ж**.
Not so hard to start speaking with proper training
, but still, it adds to the precision of the description (what kind of man) rather than to your own attitude as the speaker (do I think the man is strong, healthy, average, vile, filthy, etc)
That kind of stuff is a big problem for public health in ex-USSR.
Look at what is actually happening.
The last name comes first or last in order
if you follow your sources you'll see [that] only "he role of OUN-UPA in restoring the independence of Ukraine is illegal".
publicly available knowledge knew she performed
But would CDU form a coalition with AFD ?
Russia is not handing out freebies.
Virtually a country like Moldova has no chance of ever hosting a contest.
Do you view Piłsudski as a genocidal barbarian dictator or as a national hero who saved Poland
Mysterious rebels using Russia anti aircraft equipment in the region...
Unless Ukraine was embroiled in a war of conquest on two fronts that I wasn't aware of.
I'm talking about Lithuania and January events...
Or you want them to sit on each others heads?
A bunch of dudes were living in steppes, in a self-governing free state, practicing martial arts, giving each other nicknames like "Break-the-oak" or "Speckled-butt", and then those nicknames have become surnames for their descendants
That's a really good one
No one won't be ever able convinced me that it's not a pun to "trash".
Just because professional politicians are like that
* *"list"* (letter)
Not to mention that, if they did that, they would appear as the aggressor as Russia would certainly play the victim.
Sad that we didn't fullfil this
I know, as it would be weird for Belgium to kinda "survive" as functioning state without something like this
Naphtali would be just about the weirdest name here, but it sounds cool
The best case would be for Ukraine to return to pre-maidan.
Former Russian Lawmaker And Putin Critic Killed In Ukraine
Poroshenko & co brings in western support, Akhmetov & co brings in the russian support but that doesnt change the nature of the fight - it's not about freedom or democracy or whatever else fluffy slogan is in fashion today, it about power and control of the country, neither of the oligarchs groups is fighting for the interests of Ukrainians.
Actually as the Ukraine foreign ministry affirms that crinea is an autonomous state I kinda did not know, certainly i not understand this to be so before the coup.
I don't want my country to get involved in that mess.
Even though cultures within EU are quite diverse, most of us still feel united in the fact we share a European identity.
It sort of correct to us, but I really expected better from Albanians...
As for people speaking surzhyk, it's best to avoid them, they're not really the best at oratory and you probably won't get much out of discussing something with them
Unfortunately for us they haven't yet reached 1984 level.
Non-EU European countries such as Iceland or Norway are also EASA members, and the EASA has agreements with countries that aren't joining the EU anytime soon (Albania, Ukraine, Turkey, Russia, and so on).
There's been some diplomatic tension with the UK and Iran in particular, such as embassies been raided, Royal Marines being captured and the UK was very involved in the nuclear negotiations.
Copenhagen is actually closer than both Luhansk and Donetsk.
Just call it even and be done with it
So, the vast majority of our nation's capital is owned by [oligarchs] many of whom have ties to the kleptocracy operating the Kremlin today.
Is the poverty in Ukraine and Moldova visible compared to Russia or the eastern EU?
* If it's the main calorific dish, the filling is usually meat, roasted bacon, egg, potato, stewed cabbage (separately or somehow combined)
Ukraine also specifically moved further away from the EU before this Crimea stuff happened...
De jure Ukrainian is the only state language, de facto in private life everyone uses the language they like
But I don't like the way Russia blatantly illegally grabbed Crimea.
Poland Exhumes Ex-President’s Body in Inquiry of 2010 Plane Crash
You can't honestly expect America to just sit back and let the chinese flood the market with clearly cheaper steel due to predatory trade tactics
Grecce with Thessaloniki and Athens then we'll turn towards Istanbul and if they are somewhat less dicktatorrish we'll have a one -week stay the next country would be Bulgaria with Sofia etc...
Apple - tapuah (תפוח)
are the anvil and hammer of a future EU army.
The Crimean invasion was a contingency plan if yanukovych was outed.
I invite my fellow Americans to join me in uniting in support of liberal values.
I used to do business in Ukraine.
Oh, here we go again
Luckily, your opinion on Ukraines legitimacy as a state is worth as much as my shit.
I'm sorry you're personnally so invested in this and have an extremely jingoist attitude regarding Ukraine.
> **Titushky** are mercenary agents who supported the Ukrainian police force during the administration of Viktor Yanukovych, often posing as street hooligans with the express purpose of performing illegal acts
I won't even be the most drunk
That's more than Sweden has
B-but I just finished sharpening my Traditional Values™ pitchfork ;_;
More left extremists than anywhere else and serious problems with racism and sexism at the same time
I remember there were some things made with camel meat and it was bloodu delicious (I'm really bad with remembering names)
oh, yes, invading Georgia and Ukraine has nothing to do with nationalism
Fine print, because many people probably don't know this: the European Court of Human Rights, even though it is located in Strasbourg just across the river from the European Parliament (which is the parliament of the EU), is *not* an institution of the EU, it goes with the Council of Europe, a larger international organization (e.g., Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, Serbia, Turkey, Ukraine and Russia are members of the CoE), even though the EU shares (viz., borrowed) the same flag and anthem as the CoE.
We ended up walking away from the railroad
Here it is called as "Olivje" or just as "Meat salad".
Still is very strong
Airbus creates tanks, small arms, ships and artillery
And this was not about "Russian brothers", but about good old revisionism and sacred land.
Weekend of Fighting in Eastern Ukraine
There was a 90s singer Tatiana Bulanova singing about being a single mother and rocking her son to sleep while he's crying and calling for the dad - the same thing, but this time a Ukrainian singer
In Russian, there's also a slightly outdated slang term *"мыло/mylo"* (literally means "soap")
It's translated "kin's land", not motherland
My only association with this word was physics
They were forced into a corner and acted like any other country would.
Ukrainian constitution doesn't allow them to secede without the permission of the whole of Ukraine
I completely understand why the man who fought in this war holds these views, but Ukrainian people shouldn't support these kind of opinions, and shouldn't hate all Russians simple because they are Russians, and support all sorts of terrorists when those fanatics attack Russians who had nothing to do with the war in Ukraine.
I wish we had more cute old wooden balconies like in Georgia
Baba is You is pretty cool
That, and also more Cold War themed games
Whenever I think of Bucharest badly, usually I think of Ferentari, but maybe all of Sector 5 sucks
For ex
**Varenyky** are both food and dessert
CNN probably already has the headlines ready to go: "Russia invades western Ukraine.
Cossacks had nicknames like "Break-the-Nose", "Kill-the-Wolf", "Forelock", "Coil-the-Tail", "Lil-Porridge", "Lil-Flute", "Bend-the-Misfortune", "Dangler" and so on, which now are typical distinctly Ukrainian last names
I identity myself first as foremost as Ukrainian, then as a western Ukrainian, then as a European and then as a Slav
Although, they know those are the US cities
There were/are Russian soldiers involved in the proxy war, east of Ukraine yet no proof they were directly sent there in Kremlin orders.
Of course :)
I've been to both Ukraine and Turkey and would recommend both.
Thanks
and some Russian vs Ukrainian
If not them, the war might be lost in 2014, in bigger scale.
Yes, but they either integrate really well (Vietnamese, Thai etc.) or they are from a similar culture as ours (Ukraine) so you don't hear people bitching about those groups of immigrants (AFAIK, I could be wrong...)
We have no and pretty much nobody supports it
Russia never ratified "Rome Statute" (neither did Ukraine).
I will attend, after return of the territories of my Fatherland"
It seems like for me, there is some shift in personality or self-expression after all
In case of Russians, they will gladly teach you mat
It appears you live in some odd fantasy universe where the whole world is at odds with Russia over its actions in Ukraine or for whatever other reason.
The Byzantine Empire seems very much an independent Greek state though, there was not much Roman left in it by 500 AD or so
It worked in USA, why wouldn't it work in France?
We aren't going to risk lives when we have no ties to Ukraine.
Therefore I am pretty sure that he is not going to leave the Brexit issue uncommented.
Strikingly different in their mood, yet both reflect the Ukrainian psyche quite well
>Plus I don't think anyone outside 'CIS' even knows what CIS is
Only Bulgaria is the question mark at the moment.
Although Hungary is indeed doing a bit better, things are not as bad as this map implies.
some shops sell deepfried sea fish skin as a snack
Also, it has part of Biloveža forest which is pretty old, i’ve never been there though so I don’t know if it’s worth or not
I've heard that many of the older generation in that still speak fluent Russian however, and taught in some schools in Slovakia over English but I could definitely be wrong with this.
When Lukashenko came to power in 1994 he returned the soviet flag and coat of arms and also gave russian language official status in a referendum in 1995
I can come up with much more
Unsurprisingly I was overweight for much of my adulthood until I started counting calories
The word "Palyanytsya" (a type of  Ukrainian bread made from wheat flour ) - basically the easiest way ([Shibboleth] to identify Russian, because, despite the similarity between ukranian and russian words, russians would say somesthing like Palyanitsa
Monument to Poles killed in Huta Pieniacka massacre is vandalized in western Ukraine
Nationalists broke the truce in eastern Ukraine and Kiev has no control over the situation
But what other texts are known for their merciless repetition
But in recent years mainly people from Ukraine.
That's when our government resigned and that was a PSD government too.
Michał  Wiśniowiecki is known only by people who're more or less interested in history because he ruled in a period when Ukraine wasn't part of Rzeczpospolita, and overall the Ruin  (1659 - 1686) period is super complicated so regular people don't know much about it
Most conflicts are distant, and low intensity, where the logistics requirements of tanks don't make sense.
* Simplemente María (Simply María)
Danke
Living in denial like Ukraine does now will not get it anywhere...
I meen when ever we could fuck up the country so big and powerful
An attack on one of its states would be considered an attack on the union as a whole.
And if you consider that Poland is slowly improving and Ukraine has a frozen war at its border
Population wise, drawing a comparison between RuFed and Ukraine / Poland could make sense, but still it doesn't take into account certain 'cultural' aspects.
Wildfires happen time to time, but this was one of the biggest
The reality is that most russians are proud of their country
Happy to oblige
Planets and unknown worlds are awaiting of you
I'm sure it's only the Ukraine that must do anything here.
Tastes not as sweet and artificial as other apple sodas though
Also that "feel of gender" lets you down sometimes
Ukraine's present in one picture
Why do you think the dictators of those countries lean on Russia this much?
In an ideal world there is no military spending because there is no threat and everyone is just doesn't what's best for the economy.
It did not work
small thing regarding the issue couse it was asked few times on polish sub - there's almost no Germans left in preWW2 german territories that were given to Poland "thanks" to Stalin.
"Intelligentsia" hates him, but they're minority, most people like how he's ruling
I like Ant-Man
It is in general accepted, but considered teen-ish
and that's when he probably realized he won't be invited to a Russian talk-show anymore.
Thank you
Also, you can have good reasons to move to China even if you are a decent human being.
Yes, as u/hesapmakinesi told, caffeine may for short periods of time increase your blood pressure which is already high because of sauna
low wages
>suddenly
Side questions how much in USD does Kosovo receive in foreign aid?
For example, some time ago Putin was absent from public view for a while despite some events that required his reaction
Same for Ukraine, but we lost :(
* Dynasty
I don't know how anyone can call NATO obsolete in the wake of Russian aggression in Ukraine and Georgia.
My other half is Czech/Slovak, I get silent treatment every bloody time I call it Eastern Europe.
* [Champion] - they're sweet and mushy, with a hint of sourness
Or 24h McDonalds for cheap, filling and not messy food
As you know, the majority of inhabitants in Crimea are ethnical Russians and Crimean Tatars.
A lot of labour-demanding manufacturing.
As I've mentioned in another thread, BY/UA are almost mutually intelligible and PL/UA takes some effort, but mostly due to different phonetics (hello, rz, sz, cz and Pan Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz).
Russia is in absolutely no position for war in Europe.
Тащи с работы каждый гвоздь! Ты здесь хозяин а не гость!
Suburbs like Khimki seem to be shown as separate towns.
Can't find the 24,3% of Donetsk number, only that 26,8% of the Donbass citizens want South-Eastern Ukraine to join Russia.
They're the ones that stopped Russia from shagging the Turks.
Not sure if we have anyone else
However, some native speakers told me that my accent is not that bad
I don't think a proxy war with Russia serves the interests of the EU or any of it's member states.
I rarely see one in the street, but there was at least one in every programming team I worked in
Why Ukraine Is Losing the War on Corruption, by Mikheil Saakashvili
Trump for example, has said he does not care much for eastern europe and that Ukraine is on it's own.
Because they don't need Ukraines permit if they want to go to Crimea
> Pryvit, mene zvty Dzhon, pryiemno poznayomytysia
*Economic migrants from Ukraine and yes, some people do complain about them, but it's not common to do so.
Because currently the low taxes on IT are a huge argument to stay and work in Ukraine, thus making the industry competitive, self-sustaining and well developed (and it brings a lot of foreign currency to the country).
Amsterdam
What if instead of spending money on "fences" they tried to spend them on PR & media campaigns against migration in countries from where the most of them come?
Sure seems the EU is doing just that with Ukraine.
I moved from there as soon as I got a chance despite a fact that savings which I do now are two-three times less than what I could save in Ukraine.
-20C + dry air = refreshing
There are Italians fighting in Ukraine...
The Dnipro Rapids were a major portage on the north-south Dnipro trade route
I wonder how this would look on an actual globe
Yeah, because flying at 10 kilometers above the ground in a metal box full of flammable fuel, which will burn you alive in seconds if something goes wrong during takeoff is not scary.
So that was my first encounter with the American version
The story (in Ukrainian, more photos):
Unlike Ukraine, Lukashenko in all those decades managed to build rather capable military that is fully loyal to Minsk.
Yes in Russian, no in Ukrainian
Ah but they certainly have an interest in visiting other countries...
I really hate dictators but wouldn't sticking with Lukashenko be the smart thing here?
A Czech dude's face is an upside-down egg with two yolks, and the nose is pointy
Don't forget that you're a minority.
Indeed, that's a big problem in our country
If you read their headlines, significant part of foreign news read as "%officialname% threw a tantrum", "%countryname% shakes in fear" and so on.
Because original paper as far as I can tell only talks about shifting all focus of EU onto single market, while leaving current issues to member states, hoping they will do some bilateral treaties.
Those aren't Hausmannian buildings.
They want death to Ukraine, they are glad "Crimea is back" and want more conquest
A generation of people, who haven’t died, is being lost because life can’t normalise
Can't say for other countries, but for Ukraine this country is utter BS
U.S.-supplied drones disappoint Ukraine at the front lines
Nuclear recent track record is blank, but if you think getting rid of it while others have it is a good idea, you may look at Ukraine
Greetings from Kyiv, Ukraine-where Filiki Eteria was conceived by Alexander Ypsilantis
Or you know, because they're poor and would abuse the social services and there's 80 million of them.
The typical theme in Europe is that the US is a war mongering imperialist state.
Only textual information from from page is there, while hi-res photo and handwritten signature images are not there.
My region and social circle is very anti-communist for example, but every single person I talked to that was officer in USSR said that they miss it greatly
E.g., to feed with promises
I did *not* expect to be living in this surreal dystopia even a couple of years ago
And also homo sapiens)
Yes, they originate in what is today being called Saudi Arabia but this doesn't make them non-arabs, just like some Slavs live outside their homeland of Ukraine/Poland you know...
Срач means a mess in Russian
Not only do I very highly doubt that NATO would get involved(Finlands fault that they're not in NATO), but I also doubt thaf Russia would attack head on.
His companies provide more than 300,000 jobs across Ukraine, most in the rebel-held east.
Especially because she makes hardcore which is mostly popular in the Netherlands (lives in Rotterdam as well).
Edit:"weakest in economic degree", not "poorest economic degree"
There are three ex-ussr countries in this map along with Estonia.
Same here
Until then, you could look at some of the lower-tier schools in countries like Russia, Turkey or Ukraine, or go the TEFL route in Asia or South America (keeping in mind that most K-12 schools don't look at TEFL work as "real" teaching experience).
Are you prefer propaganda from Russia or Ukraine or Poland?
Ukraine truce renewed at Munich security conference
We call flip-flops "vyetnamki" - Vietnamese
There's nothing wrong with looking for midle ground.
Should not have severed all ties with Russia.
Nyet, Gorbi, it's your beloved Putin is preparing for war.
Same for surnames
If you think Iraq and the Ukraine are equal in terms of their brutality, willing disregard for their own citizens lives, and fascistic and expansionist tendencies, then you've been watching WAY too much RT.
* Ukrainian Revolution, Ukrainian People's Republic and Ukrainian State (of hetman Skoropadśky) during 1910's
They let the government spend money on them, buying local goods such as food, which stimulates local businesses.
this is only question of political will.
The average quality of life and income has risen in every country that has joined the EU.
Teacher in 8th and 9th grade
They have "they deserve it" mentality
The problem being for Russia is that they took a lot of their ground before Ukraine had time to ramp up mobilise and train their volunteers.
He stands to gain from making a stand now, more then after the campaign.
She cares about buying out the less fortunate ones (farmland in Ukraine, ports in Greece) and trading with all of them.
Poland is ruled by right-wing parties when in Ukraine right-wing parties not even managed to get in the parliament
To create your own reality, of course
Yes, methanol is used in cosmetic products(denaturant for ethanol).
Yeah, it's funny, it's kind of a popular sentiment here, but no one really noticed around us, lol
You think it would stop Ukraine from joining EU?
It costs something like 1€/l, while average salary in Ukraine is a bit more than 300€ per month
Everybody who had the dubious pleasure of meeting him was killed.
A short term gain for a long term sacrifice.
What does the Ukraine have that America needs?
This is excluding ancient Ukrainian and obscure dialectical words
MH17 in Ukraine was shot down by Russia's militants, it did not happen during any exercise and had nothing to do with not informing authorities.
Not really, plus it is complicated.
Actually you got financial help even a few years after breaking loose from the Soviet-bloc.
So I clicked the link and found [this particular video] on relationships between Ukrainians and Russians in the 1980s, but it has a lot of additional information to set the background for anyone inquiring about the life prior to the dissolution
Let's also not forget that the Ukraine thing started when the US and EU staged a coup to overthrow the democratically elected president, who happened to be a Russian ally, and installed a government of Ukrainan nationalists that instilled fear in every ethnic minority in Ukraine (not just the Russians, but Hungarians too).
We all know who calls the shots in NATO.
They didn't really have a choice.
Canada is our brothers, too
People for example claimed that the treaty would lead to Ukraine becoming a member of the EU.
There is no need to call it Northern Europe, just stop making up your own concepts...
> Is the parto of Zelensky going to take part
Remember Russia never attacks, it just protects peace and their ethnic minorities.
Honestly, Russia should have won last year.
That's why Lithuania is on the list and Latvia is kinda...
That's out stereotype of georgians/azerbaijanis/armenians
As an East German: being occupied by the USSR wasn't much of a good time.
Not sure if we have anyone else
Petersburg, without the author's knowledge
Switzerland is a different deal.
Don't forget the people that are like, "with me, he's different, we have that special bond" or "they were just asking for it, really".
• 1648 - 1653 (Khmelnytsky Uprising against Rzeczpospolita)
Wages in medium and high skilled, high value added jobs in the most industrialized parts of China now trail just slightly those of Romania, Bulgaria, Ukraine, etc.
(Google Gytha of Wessex and Elisiv of Kiev)
So it would be better if Ukrainian characters speak Ukrainian in movies
Do you want me to detail why the Romanians hate Russia for example?
On the subject of alleged Russian concerns over NATO missiles in Ukraine, you are falling for a demonstrable lie.
That makes no sense, wouldn't it be a lot easier to seize Kazakstan or something like that than the rest of Ukraine.
It combines classic with streamline.
In Crimea's case it would require Ukraine 'a consent.
Petty
It is definitely usually translated as Great Patriotic War
Welcome to the club
it's going to get pretty bad soon
Cannot imagine how polish metal would sound like.
Yeah would be a shame if the Ukraine got invaded by anyone.
That Europe = Western Europe
Parts of Eastern Europe could be unfriendly, like parts in Ukraine, Russia, maybe Poland, Romania.
Aeneas was a lively fellow
If you knew russsian a bit and visited few of their major forums, you would realize that the only reason Putin is getting away with all this shit, is because people are supporting him
True, but still there are many countries with a win/lose ratio way above French and with their successful revolutions not descending into the reign of terror
Im always surprised by how much French influence there is in Romania.
* National Rennaisance in 19 c.
Russia must reinvent itself and give up his imperialist ambitions or Ukrainians will never forgive Russia
...that Finland used to be one of the Soviet Republics (within the USSR), and that's why some Finns occurred in Russian movies speaking Russian with an accent, just like the Baltic countries nationals
No, they're not justified, because they chose to escalate a fight they've already started instead of trying to end it peacefully.
In Ukraine it's around 30 people
But this will never happen though and this is what makes me sick.
And all it's vassal states including DLNR.
Of course it he would took over Ukraine with significant polish help he might be more or less dependent on Poland but not so much to call him a puppet.
More like corruption is so fat that even hard hits barely make a dent on it.
When your political party loses the legitimate election it's not the loss for democracy
And made of Troy a heap of litter
So there is definitely a case for Crimea belonging to Russian and the crimeans think so too, because they voted to be a part of Russia as well.
Maybe that's wrong, but that's the law.
I don't agree with having a binding referendum for pretty much all policy decisions.
Polish is already more popular in Ireland than Irish
But as things stand now, even without what's happening in Donbas/Crimea - there are plenty of things I'm not sure Ukraine can get a grip of.
Well the point is, EU integration in case of Ukraine makes it even worth than before.
Well, it only means that overwhelming majority of Russian singers violated border crossing law.
*Ф Шчебжешинє хшонж бжмі ф тшчінє*, am I doing any good
Germany — Німеччина [Nimechchyna]
You know, some people say that USSR splitup was US overthrowing legitimate governments too.
They're fully determined to see us as an enemy and are as such a general threat to our way of life and our allies.
SBU has lot's and lot's of work.
How is this in any way the fault of EU?
As he died in accident next year after USSR barely started to produce own toilet paper.
Why isn’t Ireland not as successful in brining Gaelic back
•Serbs bad, Croats good
And Google maps was useless — it showed wrong directions to them, and also the stations work till 10PM, and after that they will not take any report, please come down in the morning
You are safe behind NATO and strong military
Austria ):
There's an obvious conflict of interests in Ukraine.
Even if your command of its grammar is near-perfect, you still have doubts about spelling, commas, hyphens, subordinate clauses, etc
And Google maps was useless — it showed wrong directions to them, and also the stations work till 10PM, and after that they will not take any report, please come down in the morning
In Russians' eyes, we straight up invented Ukraine and placed in on a map where Russia should be
* [Idared] - big and not very hard apples, sweet with a hint of sour, tour potato-ish in winter
It's the first language the Bible was translated to; it was brought to Rus along with Christianity, and Rus alredy had an established spoken language at the time
The one even western economic experts agree was way better for Ukraine than theirs?
I think it's the wrong decision to show Ukraine the finger when it needs Europe the most.
The Sacred Realm of the Weird H Sounds.
Neither did the French president, the Belgian president or the Turkish president after their terror attacks.
We gave up 3rd largest nuclear arsenal, basically for nothing
Anyone who is patriotic, want to defend the country till the end and don't want to make compromises with the aggressor would do
She instilled me with the idea that all that is served is to be eaten, no matter how full you feel, how much you already had during the day
Anti-Russian - fairly common among the ethnically Latvian population, especially now again in the last 2 years, after the invasion of Ukraine.
I have house slippers for myself and a few spare pairs of slippers for the guests
> The Zaporozhian Sich was a semi-autonomous polity and proto-state of Cossacks in the 16th to 18th centuries
if you draw a straight line past istanbul, half of Ukraine, none of Russia, Belarus, parts of Finland wouldnt be in Europe.
Terrorussism will be added in half a generation
Let us in
Edit: but now it's a time to make good friends
Both because it will be around 99% of world's population with one side using at least quarter of arsenal due to nuclear winter effect.
Russia doing it doesn't give Ukraine a free pass on doing it.
ołów is lead (Polish), olovo is tin (Russian)
Staging a coup really made this a bad situation.
For example, the Ukrainian word for Sunday is "*неділя/nedilia*" i.e., literally "*the day you do nothing*". In Russian, "*неделя/nedelia*" means "week/7 days", and Sunday in Russian is "resurrection". Every Sunday is the resurrection day
Yeah, seen those
By Lithuania a "legal president of Belarus" is Tikhanovskaya who got 10%, but since she is pro-west talking head who cares
to just give money to Ukraine ?
It continues to push the South Ossetian border further into Georgia.
What about "you're welcome"?
The most unknown facts about Ukraine!
Willingly sell an innocent minor to have her organs harvested
"Schedule" - I heard at least a few versions of pronouncing and I don`t know which is right, like it's [sheh jool] or [skeh jool]
Right, the reason is just that they are 'simply less progressive'
source: am from countryside, farmed poultry
If it's not enforced, it's not worth anything.
In fact most maps on here only have data from EU countries, sometimes EU countries vs Russia which is always a fun time
Ukraine was persuaded to give up their nukes too, mainly by UK and US.
Another off topic question: what websites would you use to browse real estate listings in Ukraine?
When 90% of Russia supports your death and want to conquer your state, perspective is different
Soviets OCCUPIED the rest
The more to the east you go, the less the probability of hearing it is.
If anyone ask how much I make a year I'll have to make a pause to calculate it, since we always measure salary by month
Just as they gave no fuck about Nemtsov, Politkovskaya, that guy (edit: Ildar Dadin) who's being literally tortured in prison now for a single picket and dozens of others.
It was a predecessor of Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, but it was neither of them, as it was its own thing with its own unique identity and language.
How many times has Drumpf filed for bankruptcy?
Belarus has been giving Russia the cold shoulder since 2014.
Better to have Ukraine "on side" as well.
I don't know what you mean by "pretending", Kadyrovsty have served in Russia's wars, including in Georgia and the Ukraine, and allegedly now in Syria too.
There're also other names that were calqued from yet again Greek or Latin, for example:
Ukraine bombed Russian occupation military.
Why would Russians want to throw away their
What's the point of wasting resources on an exhaustive list?
at least the region that fights Russia back, when you just let kill on your soil whoever they please with no consequences
[Clearly someone is ignorant of his own parliament]
The Ukrainian Catholic University.
There is no way those cities could ever be considered Asian.
I don't think he is actually pro-Russia at all, or even that many of his followers are.
Can do no wrong as it fights against Russian barbarians for democracy and European Values^tm.
I love how simple but still imageful they are.
By the law it has politically, has its own legislative ( Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea) and executive ( Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea  ) branches of government
I think if Russia stopped the violence in eastern Ukraine, they would get the sanctions lifted (even without returning crimea).
No, he was clearly talking about Russia and referring to how Ukraine can get better by going in the opposite direction from it.
Probably because the majority of Ukraine are anti Russian.
Honestly don't know about eastern):
What makes him pro-Russian: He constantly praises Putin, he believes Putin more than US intelligence agencies, he has promised to consider recognizing the illegal annexation of Crimea, he wants to remove sanctions against Russia, he has watered down the Republican platform on Ukraine by removing the provision of lethal aid and he seems open to dismantling the NATO military alliance.
The issue is, that we shift goal posts in this story.
Millions of tourists visit Hungary and Czech Republic every year.
Is the claim that the Muslim Syrians, Lebanese or Egyptians commit more crimes and contribute less (whatever that may mean) than Christian Syrians, Lebanese (Maronites) or Egyptians (Copts)?
And in fact, most of the killed police officers during the coup had been shot.
**Bohdan Khmelnytsky** (Hetman of Zaporizhian Host and ruler of Ukraine 1648-1657)
[Hristina Solovy - Fortepiano]
I wonder is his name is derived from the word sapka.
They are theoretically in favour of referendums.
On the other hand it was the reason Hitler and Stalin fought for Ukraine.
They are not Urbanized and Industrialized, E Europe is.
And in such an efficient way, instead of Ukraine having to buy the materials the Russians just shot it to where it was needed.
Because buzzfeed didn't lie about what happened to shot down plane in Ukraine?Because buzzfeed is not propaganda tube of oligarchic regime?
We should be more careful and organized than ever'.
It was considered boring and outdated by many when I was a kid
* [Champion] - they're sweet and mushy, with a hint of sourness
Whatever the fuck was happening in Yugoslavia during it's collapse
All I can see through googling is some modern pagan fanart
Some would say - should borsch be with smetana (type sour cream) or without
Even worse with summers
Hungary has been saber rattling for a while now, theor ministries are trying to prptect corrupt politicians in Romania just because they are ethnic Hungarians.
* with [sour cherry] and other fruits like plums or redcurrant (are served with sour cream or honey);
Because what this article carefully skirts around is that quality of cables is probably of negligible importance.
we have it as well, it is awesome
>Again, it all depends on what mood we choose, a modern story, a fairy tale etc
There always have been folk artists of all ages: kids, teens, young adults and adults, older people, elderly
That way Russia tries to convince West to abandon Ukraine and Georgia, so they could keep doing anything they want without any confrontation because "no, no, no wee need to have good relationships with Russia, only idiot doesn't understand that"
[Go_A - Веснянка]
I always thought that Poland and Ukraine (in particular, Western Ukraine) had common history, the same as you with the Poles.
What with all these insanely high putin approval ratings then?
final nail in Ukraine's transition to west.
The "Russia meddling in elections" story that seemingly never ends now turns to Germany.
What can be the proof for you for example?
From rule of law, working industries that are being dismantled, pensions and decently priced food.
Cossacks had nicknames like "Break-the-Nose", "Kill-the-Wolf", "Forelock", "Coil-the-Tail", "Lil-Porridge", "Lil-Flute", "Bend-the-Misfortune", "Dangler" and so on, which now are typical distinctly Ukrainian last names
according to Wikipedia 34% speak Russian at home - we are not small minority as you may think.
Ukraine will join the Western bloc but sanctions are going to end.
If it goes south — sure, I won't argue with that
Sorry, I was hoping for an informed discussion, not alt-facts.
Could you explain the last fact please
Mykola Tesliuchenko, you cultural thief!
That's the most successful part of their propaganda effort - muddy the waters, convince ordinary people of this false equivalence between Russian imperialism and America's imperfect, sometimes criminal, but nevertheless a lot more restrained foreign policy
Russia shouldn't be sanctioned because of Syria, but because of Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine and their actions to destabilize the EU and its members.
This would make it easier *to live* for us all.
I would love to welcome Georgia to the EU!
A dwelling is any place of residence, a place where one dwells.
I remember the motto from that period in my country: "There are no free Ukraine without free Lithuania!"
In Ireland, it's already too late for quotas, and also Ireland has two official languages, unlike Ukraine.
I'd be worried about Belarus getting a similar treatment if it ever did something similar.
I don't know what sort of effect being in USSR had in Ukraine, but in Poland essentially our people of intelligence got...
However, *your* government has every imaginable power over you and can put you in jail.
I don't even try to combine economies of both countries.
"The vast majority of Ukrainians supported UPA and OUN and praise them as heroes - or at least they don't oppose it."
Provide amnesty for those who are not total cunts and allow them to emigrate to Ukraine proper, set up artillery on the entire border with Russia so that any new ''green man'' gets his liver sucked out of his disgusting mouth and move on.
[this was a residence of Ukrainian president Yanukovich] and Ukraine is much more poorer country than Russia with approximately same level of Corruption
And in Ukraine mob was hurling molotv cocktails at the police officers
Anyone who thinks rebels that aren't aided by a major military power could hold out this long is delusional.
Men have their traditional male chores back; they perform the regularly needed hard manual labor while women cook, clean, and care for children
He isn't talking about justification but about causes.
Every baby in Ukraine speaks Russian.
I learned about him from [NYT podcast "Alone at Sea"]
If Trump's US can recognize Crimea as a de facto Russian territory, perhaps in exchange for a settlement in the East of Ukraine, that would be a positive move.
You should have made it clear that your
Tbf that's not that odd
We're capable of defending ourselves from them easily as is now, until you see Russia drastically improving their army there's no real threat of them invading NATO.
Great to know it was interesting to you
Your phone doesn't react to the touch each time, but it's not like it reacts each time when it's warmer
What a hero, the hero the nazis need
The answer to these questions will tell you who the real warmonger and hot head really is.
Please provide a link showing that she was actually banned before being selected for Eurovision.
Being in or outside of Europe is not of great importance, there is nothing wrong with being in Asia for example.
That way you could ask how democratic those states really are and could even include recent events like what's happening in Romania, the whole Ukraine mess and whatever else goes on there.
I doubt there are more of these people in Ukraine than in, say, Poland.
In the Netherlands we had this referendum and one of the reasons people voted against the association agreement was that they thought it meant Ukraine would join the EU.
Even if we'd agree that what happened in Ukraine was a coup, illegal and what not, the difference is that this is Ukraine's internal affairs.
Ukraine says more soldiers killed in deadliest clashes in weeks
The only reason it was used before the USSR was because Ukraine was a republic by itself (Ukrainian SSR)
Maybe I’m blind but I don’t really see many other Ukrainians
Versus centuries of Kiev being the capital.
_We, whose sires were mighty_
And whine
Such phantom threat, say that to Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine etc.
I haven't seen many people that learn Ukrainian
That's messed up
I'm not a nazi when I'm drunk, I don't do nazi salutes or spew their propaganda when I'm drunk
I’m the most boring gamer in the world
True although most countries have access to the single market and are therefor all in some form or another under EU regulations.
Looks like he isn't so sure about his innocence.
Keep kidding yourself that they would not leave NATO at the first sign of Russian agression.
90% percent of Ukraine is governed by a democratically elected president and parliament, with humanitarian situation fully under control and economy functioning (although not without international cash infusions).
It was
all the state hospitals in Moscow were alarmed not to reveal the truth
And deforestation is one of the main reasons for such serious consequences after recent flooding
That would be Switzerland
People with a hyphenated first or last name aren't common, but they do exist
A swing for children in Kyiv, Ukraine
Croatia is our Balkan brother
Russia is a federation and has given its federal subjects various amounts of autonomy depending on the subject.
In that case, you probably overestimate poverty in Russia/Ukraine/Belarus
It is all about structures of power, something you can easily play with when the other part doesn't have functioning liberal democracy and is less powerful than you.
Correct me if I’m wrong but English seems to be extremely different from Russian
Love the idea, I think Frankie Goes to Hollywood already explored this in “Two Tribes” and their answer was that no one wins
You can do so legally and I would highly recommend you do.
Ukraine didn't really have a choice not to ban her unless they were willing to set a precedent case about entering crimea from Russia.
Ukraine MPs throw punches in parliament
Turks much like Russians earn their hate because they idolize the empires and the deeds committed by them.
Because the dark one tastes fking awesome.
People like that
A dream ️
Ukraine isn't in the EU though
It's a direct translation of the Russian name and they're really close languages
I believe most military strategists estimate that NATO couldn't have stopped Russia if they had invaded with full force.
Why does Romania have any territorial waters near Crimea`when Ukraine's coast stretches like a hundred miles west past Moldova from Krim?
Nice comments you have there in The_Donald.
Also, the majority of business websites usually have a fully-functioning Russian version which used to be the default one
Ukraine tried to Ukrainize Crimea, mandated Ukrainian language in cinema, forced Ukrainization of Crimean schools and so on.
It's only cheap if they sell you cheap :) If there were no alternatives, it won't be as cheap.
[Alina Pash - BOSORKANYA]
Referendum did not pass, lots of real estates in slovenian ownership on croatian coast being one of the reason.
People in Spain and Portugal must be hearing:"SPEG BOL
How long would you recommend there?
You've portrayed Ukraine so accurately: it shows not only our country's physical state but emotional too
I'm guessing he's Russian, so not exactly on the best of terms with much of Ukraine.
They don't trust Ukraine and Belarus in the same way.
In this case it's just photoshop
*"Militarily, Ukraine has zero chance of dislodging Russian troops from the peninsula"*
No chance
If you think that if Ukraine will just secede DNR/LNR that Russia will stop then you are delusional.
Turning to the western and central Europe.
Russia is Netherlands flag + drunk Peter I
A spider makes a web, and a poor Ukrainian makes a 3L jar of pickled woolen socks because the commies might come to take all the grain or the 90s might come to take all the non-material savings
You say Russia has to make sure it is reintegrated.
Ukraine is kind of a special case because It has never fully escaped Russia's sphere of influence.
It seems like Obama has been doing an adequate job.
Ukraine bars Russian singer over Crimea visit
Just to illustrate:
This is tediously and humiliating to go through such procedure multiple times at year.
You're welcome
We do tend to blindly defend the West in issues like Ukraine and Syria.
Giant Arch, a Feat of Engineering, Now Covers Chernobyl Site in Ukraine
Even with such cool stuff on Russian streets
Why Ukraine thought this was a good idea is beyond me.
They need to have an area of permanent conflict *somewhere* to destabilize the rest of Ukraine.
True, the eu hadn't the best deal, but for the emerging market of Ukraine, it would have been more than the Eurasia deal could offer.
Overwhelming majority of those that dared to go to the polls when an island is occupied by foreign military....
So, unless things change to the point that relationships between Russia and Ukraine become very strong, Crimea won't return to Ukraine through peaceful means.
The poem was written during the formation of romanticism and nationalism in Europe
USSR and Russia had a [total of 7 nuclear subs] sink though.
I don't mean it's impossible to learn Ukrainian, you just need a lot of work and time
Kropyvnytskyi in the middle
Any way, the link I provided has all the details as to why Ukraine has 13%, so now I am even more puzzled by your earlier objections.
I probably wasn't articulate enough.
Should Lithuania and the Baltic states be concerned?
We do not generally greet people with holiday greetings right off the bat, but it is considered polite to do this sometime during the conversation, or, more often, at the end of it.
Ukraine have proportionally bigger community in Canada then in other countries.
There's something simple and primal yet meaningful about the genre
Well after Russian aggression in E.
And you don't even have to be EU national yourself to travel through all these countries
Indeed, indeed - such is life
The same spots they were during previous exchanges.
This ensured that even if a big number of refugees would not return to their homeland, they would be easier to integrate in the host country.
It would just weaken NATO from within.
Germany even voted Russia back into PACE after they got kicked out form it for downing a plane (**4** germans also were on board)
Just any place attractive mostly for nightlife, alcohol drinking/drug consumption and white people with dreadlocks, so music festivals as well
Because as long as there are considerable Russian forces there would be no reason to return Crimea.
By your logic, you should laugh at Auschwitz
The same convenience that allows so much encroachment.
If this assassination was not organised by russia (which is hard to imagine, because russian "media" don't provide right now any coordinated propaganda campain on accident, i.e.don't know how to react), nothing is going to happen
It was obvious that striking a deal with Ukraine would make Putin freak out over Sebastopol harbour.
Sort of like a cover up
/u/simonbleu pay close attention to how you're feeling, I would restrict the uninterrupted period of being in the hot room itself to not more than 4-6 minutes depending on heart health and body fat (less body fat, less time)
There's no punitive legislation.
I'm not sure what legal term should be used to denote that situation.
There isn't going to be any Turkish threat probably ever again, unless it jihadists.
Ukraine has the best [salo] in the whole world.
Something about girls, Russia or russian language
I think they can shove this agreement up their hole if they think they're entitled to a say in this matter!
And now is completely taking EV
They've not really elected a pro-Russian government.
The records are scarce because of turbulent history and purges of documents in the start of Soviet era.
I've never heard them making an attempt at Ukrainian
Hmm, must be an attempt to confuse Putin to death.
"The EU has created solidarity in Europe like no force has before" The E.U is gonna be like china and start censoring things like the Yugoslav civil war, Catalan independence, war in Ukraine because it go against the E.U stopped conflicts in Europe all by itself narrative which is a lie.
Crowd of Russian immigrants (not only immigrants) in Berlin protesting against bad immigrants that raped a girl.
Sometimes there is no peaceful solution when it comes to boundaries.
better keep fighting - already Russian army lost 30K.
I was expecting people screaming their throats off.
* all of the above
Just saying that it wasn't goodwill from their heart that they accept Ukraine immigrants.
When somebody talks about Germans, the first topic that comes to the mind of a common man is a strict nazi occupant
Obviously, but do they want to be part of Ukraine, Russia or have their own state, that is what I meant.
You're still a NATO member and a part of the joint defence.
But in my factual answer I'll join my Russian colleagues
Well if this rumor is true, I wouldn't be surprised.
Purely politically speaking, aside from the fact that's he's right: Man, he must be loving this, and wishing an election would take place a year early, so he could ride this thing all the way back to the Elysee Palace
> From my understanding, it was Russian-backed and directed revolutionaries that shot down a civilian airliner due to some sort of mix-up
There is no simple answer, but it is very likely related to how 'extractive institutions' (when small group of individuals exploit the rest of the population or receives lion's share of benefits from state's natural resources) perform much better in complete autocracies.
Pretty everything
You wan't be pleased if I'd piss on your door just because I had a flight to catch and had no time to find proper place, right?
Do they really actually think in Russia that Ukraine doesn't exist, like the USSR and its passports are as obsolete?
Today we have +14C which is more typical for late September-early October
Soviet Union was a collection of countries in a single union, Russia was one of them.
Because I seem to recall a well-known politician murdered near the Kremlin recently, as well as one journalist or seven, all within the last ten years.
What *else* do you need
I hope that someone will singing about Trump, Farage, Wilders, Le Pen, Orban, PiS or other terrible far-right politicians.
Thank you for the educational part Haaretz, but is it related to the incident
It's the same way Germany made the UK and France its enemies by invading Poland.
We have patronimical names
I can come up with much more
It was a Stalin's man-made famine that happened in a result of collecitivization and affected approximately half of the Soviet Union -- Kazakhstan, Ukraine, Belarus, Northern Caucasus and Russia.
Basically a synonym for a magnificent military commander, also with (unrelated to the man himself) connotations of Napoleon cake and the urban myth that crazy people have delusions of being Napoleon.
From Ukrainian perpective, it makes sense since "krug" is the length of a drawn circle in geometry, as well as circled/concentrated movement, but many other "rounds words" consistently have the "kolo" root, as well as the word "circle" itself
Well, Americans still call big cars "trucks" for some reason
Titushki raid is a widely used term in Ukrainian mass media and by the general public to describe street beatings, carjackings and kidnappings by unidentified men in civilian clothes from behind the lines of political rallies
No, most people don't speak any foreign language or speak just enough to ask for a dry towel in Turkey or haggle with an equally not-speaking-English Egyptian seller of trinkets
Although, you might agree that when we start using all those words from English and become annoying people that use a lot of English words and phrases, we don't feel that they're emotionally less charged
I did a full day of Kiev, could have been more.
Or population not educated by Russia during past occupation.
Ukraine wasn't "invaded" just for not being a success story.
A lot of (borderline) illegal ways to access digital media come from countries where people can't normally afford to pay western prices, whether it's for movies, music, games or articles in this case.
I had read the Lord of the Rings long time ago in Russian and this name was tranlated like "Torbins". They just translated the meaning of the name and keep English-style surname
Couple this with the exploding numbers of births in Africa and ME and the decreasing birthrate in Europe and you have a disaster in the making.
The inhabitants of Germany, Germans, are Germanic.
All Slavic ones
In Ukraine it's around 30 people
* Pochilit' - to relax, chill, spend time
The OP in the context of which we were talking mentioned 550mln people of Europe.
I'm pretty sure it's the origin, in fact.
Although Austria and Hungary,they were the best out of all the oppressors
We went to this restaurant in Fez's Medina and the restaurant was, to be fair, pretty expensive (about 14 EUR for a dish which is very high for Morrocco) but literally everything was so awesome
No, but have been influenced a good bit by their slavic neighbors like Hungary.
* there isn't any state registry of pet owners, legally no one knows when you get(or get rid of) one
"tomorrow there will be no Ukraine at all", "Ukraine is not even a real country", "you are Russians" and so on and so on.
I suppose Putin can do it, but why would he?
That G reminds me of something...
"Second birthday" was on Donbass War
Yes, we have special quota for lower-educated employees from Ukraine.
Or, you know, russians can stop pretending that expansion by war is only thing keeping russia alive.
Not in the time of twitter warfare
We have invested more than 5 billion dollars to help Ukraine to achieve these and other goals.
Ukraine hasn't existed as a state until 1991.
I mean, Russia and proxies can barely hold what they have in eastern Ukraine, one of the poorest countries in the continent manages to hold against utter terror imposing Russian war machine.
Let's just hope something like that isn't going to happen.
I think the EU will simply expand further when that happens, because cheap labour from those countries is very attractive for the west.
Even Western pro-Ukrainian reporters travelling from Russia don't bother going through the Ukraine-sanctioned checkpoint because it's so much more expensive and time-consuming to enter Crimea via the mainland vs by air.
You should probably dismantle a couple more armor brigades as a response to this
If it weren't for the importance of herd immunity for the people whom have the sore luck that vaccines don't work as well on them I would've said let them, and let the disease sort them out.
Actually new elections were supposed to be held the same year according to the [agreement on settlement of political crisis in Ukraine]
I once met a Greek woman whose name and surname were misplaced by a drunk priest who baptized her
nazi battalions in Illovaisk and defeating "cyborgs" in the airport.
I actually never learned to write printed
&#x200B;
In English:
Something similar happened to my coworker who used to hear me speaking Ukrainian most of the time
Regime will keep abducting ant torturing to death ones not loving it.
I'm not very good with the Scandinavian languages.
I didn't know there was/is [a competition]
First of all Russia should take its weapons and men from Ukraine, make its puppets stop using arms and assist Ukraine in getting control over the border.
Good job man
Yeah, from my experience with this sub, having two different subjects  covering home history and history of other countries is uncommon
[Hey, Sokoly]
Timing was absolutely critical here.
We call Putin - Khujlo
Alot of people immigrate there or go to work/study to Poland
German one looks very...stern to me.
They were going to attack no matter what, that's how KGB government works.
Plenty of them
in 2nd Commonwealth's politics are usually talked in context of [Piłsudski] (our national hero, pretty much a dictator) vs [Dmowski] The discussion is mainly about two concepts regarding recreating the commonwealth - multicultural federation (where we would be in federation with countries like Belarus or Ukraine)) or smaller monocultural state with polonization of minorities.
Okay, I might be totally brainwashed but I think what happened to Germany after WW2 can't really be compared to the Annexation of Ukraine.
If Crimea then, um, 0 people have been killed during Crimea annexation.
Well, state statistic service still haven't published detailed numbers.
As an example in December he called all CEOs of big Ukrainian gas companies and said them that tomorrow price for gas should be \~10% reduced because people want to celebrate Christmas without worrying about gas price
These are served with sour cream or honey
People can buy a hot drink everywhere, at a bus stop, in a park, in supermarkets, in stores that sell electronics and other non-edible stuff
* Randomny - random
Even if the experience isn't identical, I feel like I can have a chat with an Irishman because they know what a great famine is, how it feels like having the native language suppressed and artists/writers assigned to another country because they spoke/wrote in the more prestigious language of that country, etc
Oh no, no, no, no, NOOOOOOOOO
We also have wild boars coming to people's fields in the countryside
It's odd, if they meet the criteria, work hard on battling corruption and many more things, even if that is in 30 years, then why not?
It's in their culture
I'm not sure in which temperatures do you use sauna, but I like to use banya that is very hot and to get massage with bath brooms to the point that I'm dizzy and at this point I suppose it can be really dangerous to drink caffeine contained beverages
They call it "leapfrogging" or something like that.
I guess Putin is just hurt in his alfa male ego that nobody wants to join his club
Switzerland has more opportunities n all
Make them suffer, make them get on their knees and beg for forgiveness, make the people realize how Putins totalitarianism is hurting them.
Imagine that you're a young engineer in the Soviet Union, just graduate after university and have your first job
If the Ukrainian government was so sure that people wanted to stay in Ukraine, why didn't they just hold the referendum and be done with it?
When they cause disturbance or can't be trusted with themselves, they're detained/hospitalized
There are 45 million people in Ukraine.
They have different stress, does this still count
We've had a lot of migrants from Ukraine in that last two years.
Actually, it tastes a lot like water-diluted carbonated apple juice
Slavic languages don't have articles so we don't have to think about it
But nowadays most part of Ukraine doesn't have Russian ethnic majority does it?
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I don't feel like letting my son/daughter wasting their life away with that partner they've chosen"
Proper word for this should be "drug abusers", not "adults".
But because she was just a screw in a bigger mechanizm Ukrainian government sued RF as the one responsible for it.
There wasn't a lot of polling done before Russia attacked and stole their opportunity to have a say
Here, in Ukraine, parents of grandparents always keep saying this :)
We don't use scissors with food generally
But the Brits and the French were the ones that stopped the Russian offensive that more likely than not would have taken Constantinople twice.
Yeah, or even from River Sian to Caucasus Mountains
No, "revolutionaries" can't learn to operate a Buk SAM complex on a Sunday afternoon
If they were to do anything about it, they'd probably replace it with some nasty, international style/contemporary monstrosity.
You can't physically remember them all so even the best philologists make mistakes with stresses sometimes
NATO calls on Russia to help stop spike in violence in east Ukraine
Well that was actually true though.
One of the most common images for the moon is a sickle
…says a person, who has previously mentioned things like "Nobody cares about Ukraine.
Ukraine taking positions near Avdeevka as part of its "creeping offensive", including south of the Donetsk filtration plant:
Ukraine will feel the consequences of the Maidan madness for a very long time.
Many people still remember the cold war and equate todays Russia with the Soviet Union, all of the anti-russian and anti-eastern propaganda from the cold war left scars in the public image that only healed slowly and these pretty much bursted open with the conflict in Ukraine.
Look at how many incremental efforts it took to get Romania semi-cleaned up.
"Oh, that was an unfortunate mistake
That you can't move borders just like that?
You demand more than just "sabre rattling" and call the reaction to the Ukraine crisis spineless, because Eastern Europe shits it's pants because of Russia.
Too be honest the tension in that region wouldn't be as bad if Russia didn't invade Ukraine.
So daughters of some man named Oleksandr are Daryna Oleksandrivna (of-Oleksandr, feminine form), Olena Oleksandrivna, etc
Она цвела... (с) М.Ю.Лермонтов
You'v been reading this sub and just lumping it all together, finding all the supposed "hypocrisies".
The issue is that this referendum was after armed military invasion
Ukraine conflict: Why civilians still tremble
One time I consecutively saw three hedgehogs ~100 m one from another (maybe they were a family)
Definitely a lot more oligarch control.
Putin himself, however, has said that Russia is everywhere people speak Russian
The vast majority of Europeans aren't multicultural and are completely ok with it.
Everyone knows that there is (Ukraine is knee deep in it themselves).
* Topovyu, top - the best
* Big fucking river in the middle of the city
I think it makes a big enough dent in Russian's rep of the dominant language in the cultural domain
You have your regrets, you have your grudges but you don't want to continue the conflict
You can hear russian strong voice
It reminds me of [this] I've never worked with this software, just remember the name
Both resisted Soviet Russia's takeover of their countries.
By your argument, I can be pissed at Mexicans, because they are also brown.
>Legally, Walloon has been recognized since 1990 by the French Community of Belgium, the cultural authority of Wallonia, as an "indigenous regional language" which must be studied in schools and encouraged
He won by landslide everywhere except Lviv lol
I wouldn't have a problem with it if Russia wasn't threatening the sovreginity of countries like Ukraine and Georgia, as well as trying to bring down the EU.
Last was Ukraine and it should have stayed there.
They come and dig gardens
The US government has been supportive of EU integration for decades and only became Eurosceptic about 10 days ago.
Running away from the Ottoman Empire,many are descendants of sailors  who worked in Odessa
Kyiv city also has somewhat special legal status, e.g. it doesn't report to a governor
Yet they oppose sanctions on Russia for its actions in Ukraine.
Now you enter a regular 3rd-grade classroom, and some 9-yo boys are pear-shaped and as tall as their adult teacher (female)
At least noe-classism tell what the most likely location of them is.
If it happens to win, EBU and other wealthier countries should help it out.
Back in 2014 they decided to join RF.
The selling point is Ukraine's west border, you don't have to have gas in Germany to buy it in Germany same way you don't need to physically bring a bag of wheat to Frankfurt to sell it on Deutsche Börse.
What does Russia and it's internal politics have to do with the fact that there are 40 million people in Ukraine and that those 40 million don't want to be taken over?
Since perestroika there's no stalemate.
BTW Ukraine and Poland united to sue Mennonites for stealing Varenyky (how ukrainians call it) recipe.
Visa regime with RF for instance.
However, some native speakers told me that my accent is not that bad
To start with, I was talking about Ukraine reaching out to us on a trade deal, which was the direct cause for Russia's invasion.
Did you try learning English in duolingo
everyone who charged with corruption in Russia, quickly became Putin's critics
So the UK which is farthest from Russia pays 2 times less than us or Ukraine when we are much closer.
Now with Trump things are going to change.
She also said that children went to church at lessons time and that it is wrong - absolutely adequate words.
The Ukraine crisis increased Putin's popularity.
That we're not drinking vodka every day
Prices without taxes included
Meh don't matter still be winning here and there.
It's like realizing why someone named Marshall Mathers would call himself Eminem
And in general we're not even in top 50 drunkest countries, even Sweden, Iceland and New Zealand drinks more than Ukraine
IMO the best way to handle Transdnestria is as a day trip by bus from Chisinau--that way you can just go with a little day pack.
You hear patriotic songs, I hear songs glorifying backstabbing and illegal occupation.
Anyway, my point is: this influence dispute between the US and Russia can either end in war, or the West negotiating with Russia for peace.
Who invades and annexes territories from their neigbour?
Rest in power
I just wanted to point that to be honest, you're not right either.
That be too much of a hassle if I was only visiting for a couple days.
Daily dose of how all around were nazi and USSR were the only good guys propaganda.
And your precious rubles (ok, maybe not *that* precious) had already said bye-bye to your wallet and now they are in pockets of evil banderovtsi or whatever Russian media call Ukraine these days.
Not sure about Ukraine, but I think a reasonable percentage of French people mostly see NATO as a US-dominated organisation that gives us obligations but no benefits.
2018 Economist: Why Ukraine Should Take in African Refugees
The conflict started in 2014 and is ongoing until today, with the Russian military pushing into Ukraine.
It's gonna be yet another We-hate-Poroshenko party.
Yo what the fuck
Fallon tells Trump: Freedom cannot be traded in Ukraine
to break it gently to the public that Brexit might never come
You Euros aren't taking the war in Ukraine very seriously are you?
Serbia is going to war and the powderkeg is exploding once again
So doing a 180 on the EU association agreement just before he was to sign it and propose joining the EEU instead was to benefit Ukraine
Not saying it was a beautiful city pre war, but it got some vibes over there and during Euro 2012 everyone seems to like it
>There was no collaboration in Poland
And so I suspect this person is not a native English speaker
There was no official agreement about the expansion of NATO, however there was an official agreement about the [territorial integrity of Ukraine] There is absolutely no sense of arguing about that, Russia violated written agreement, NATO did not.
Crimea is Russian now, pretending otherwise changes nothing.
No Lithuanians (except for nobles and warriors) or any other Baltic tribe, to my knowledge, have lived in the territory of present day Ukraine.
Russia basically told that no new rules should be invented, Ukraine Dept PM told "broadcasts containing individuals who are banned from Ukraine are not legal within Ukraine and as a result the EBU’s proposal would violate Ukrainian law".[[translation source] Interesting law to enforce, if I may say, but I'm not the one to dispute them, naturally.
You know, five years ago I would have disagreed with you.
"You guys sound like you are always fighting each other"
Even changing Kadyrov's stance or sending arms to the secessionists isn't half as bad as what they're doing in Ukraine.
It's also not like Russia is not allowing anyone in, again, Russian Federation allows any ethnic Russian from anywhere to repatriate, including ethnic Russian in Ukraine to our only ethnic republic which is on a little portion of the historical Circassia.
Like, you want to say "this actor is known in the countries where Russian is still widely spoken as a remnant of the Soviet rule" --> you say "in the CIS countries" instead
I remember USA + EU overthrowing a democratically elected government, Victoria "FtheEU* handing out cookies on Maidan conspiring with Geoffrey Pyatt to establish the new Pro-EU government, I also remember US investing 5 billion $ in "democracy" and US delivering tanks, lots of tanks, and I remember US financed war in Eastern Ukraine for their own geopolitical power games, like they always do.
You should probably dismantle a couple more armor brigades as a response to this
I remember being bored out of my mind reading "Ivanhoe" and "The Last of the Mohicans" when I was 12-13 and in a summer camp
In Ukrainian we don't conjugate foreign words mostly and their spelling is just transliterated
Cia are reporting he has responded by giving free visas and flights to Ukraine to Chechens.
It means Ukraine isn't going to be joining the EU or NATO.
Mi casa es su casa
But don't let them discourage you
You are very welcome
I know ukrainians have done some bad things to Poles but i don't think there was a time where we had much more power than Poland
Chornobyl  and [Sknyliv air show disaster]
To get to the economics stuff again, there is a lot of trade still going on between EU and Russia but I think both EU and Russia are loosing in this game.
I have house slippers for myself and a few spare pairs of slippers for the guests
You still have sea, mountains and good climate, so it is still looks good to me :)
In Western Ukraine, the most beautiful architecture is from Austria-Hungary times
Did you hear about the referendum about the Dutch European Union Association Agreement with Ukraine and what do you think about it?
I'm a non-native speaker and I find Scottish accent to be much easier to understand than those incipherable English ones
I'm for no enlargement in the next 20 years.
> Btw is he a good president
I'm not a fan of referendums in general though, because I know the locals are often stupid as well.
But anyway, leaving Ukraine to Russia to do whatever it wants won't affect Britain or France.
In addition, we have plenty of citizens, who work in Italy
Sometimes Ukrainians wanted to watch something from a TV annonce, but were too late because Moscow and Kyiv had 1 hour difference in time, and the viewers didn't even account for that since the channels weren't perceived as foreign
The average girl in Ukraine or Russia for example is much better looking than the average one in Britain or Germany.
Im sure he loves grabbing pussy.
I asked the landlord in April to install the AC for the summer, since I was sure that due to Covid I would have to work from home
3 Years After the Revolution, Peace Remains Elusive in Ukraine ( x-post from /r/Ukraine )
Лише 80%? Мені завжди здавалося, що ми розуміємо мови одне одного на 98-100%, навіть в усній формі. Я без проблем дивлюся відео білоруською. Деякі слова дуже схожі, а деякі можна просто вгадувати. Наприклад, август (рус) - це жнівень (біл) або серпень (укр) - обидва вказують на час жнив.
Lies
So, which comment is to be believed?
Alien invasion
We and Belarusians can smell out Russians a mile away, they usually have a hard time telling even a Lithuanian apart
You've got some cheap milk though
It's not bad, but I only gave it a second chance since it's one of my favourite bands
Can I hear more
And after they were Russian too, the whole transfer was a Soviet joke, nobody thought Ukraine would actually separate.
Chubby kids like [this dude] used to stand out
That would make Russia openly deploy their troops in East Ukraine to "peacekeep" the population from "NATO agression".
But what we do know is that IKEA got into several scandals over  [illegal deforestations in Ukraine and export of our wood] like we don't have enough of our own problems, Sweden came to help
Some people want to stay in Ukraine
There's "чернуха/chernukha" (Russian: *blackness*, casual/habitual misery)
Ukraine is being invaded by Russia.
there were millions of Russians in German army in WWII, you don't call Hitler's army "Russian rebels", don't you
Was Ukraine's refusal to join the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) actually a blessing in disguise for the EEU?
You can tell it's liquid because it's leaking out of its eyes
Oh, all of them were very interesting
Still a scenario like this is no excuse for Russia to invade Crimea and manufacture a civil war in East Ukraine.
Interesting, in Russian there is "Увидеть Париж и умереть".
Ask Ukraine how well their borders are respected *as we speak* or maybe ask Tai-Wan why they've been actively denying that they're eligible to be ruled by China.
Yes Ukraine accounted for 20% of the GPD back in the day
Moldova has like half the GDP of Ukraine, which has like 1/3 that of Russia.
TIL Ukraine is in NATO and the EU.
But I think he will either be bad or a mediocre president.
We have Google Play Music and Apple Music in Ukraine, but no Spotify
Putin Critic, Who Said He Was Poisoned in 2015, Falls Into Coma
Lol, you have no idea what you're talking about
Italics and TNR (for example) will produce t that looks like m.
[Zaporozhian March] comes to mind.
Both my granddads and one of my grandmas were in Red Army.
If it can get away with it in Estonia, NATO is effectively dead.
If I look at western Ukraine, we should be *Kerstman* + *St.
Poland took in over a million refugees from Ukraine.
All of them that I've ever met.
Just not for Ukrainians
> The USSR only tried to avoid war by concluding a nonaggression pact like others did
This is outdated Ukraine has taken second place in 2009.
My uncle, who speaks ukranian/russian/english, took a trip to some caves in Croatia
Our natural interest is to prevent our eternal enemies to gain Ukraine, build up military infrastructure in the country and use the area as a pawn in their long term containment strategy.
You need to be a total clown to deny climate change after this
They are poor allready and now the government take all whats left and sell it to foreigns for cheap.
Whats left right now is Poland, Germany and France.
I am sure he will like the symbolism.
Although, the way you phrased it, men urinating *in public* are perceived as deplorable
whereas Kiev doesn't and seeks to limit it's use
The Franks the Brittons, the Polans probably, Venetians.
This is from the US Holocaust Museum.
Imagine the tantrum russians and their vassalls on the internet threw when american politicians dare to visit Ukraine.
Ukraine should do what is good for Ukraine, namely make this territory as expensive for Russia as possible
In Laos, USD are commonly used for many large purposes.
They still like it
Ultimate goal is to retire in Albania (isn't it for all of us
When Pilsudski took over Kiev in 1920, he told Petlura to organize an Ukrainian army but nobody wanted to fight for him.
Some want to become an independent country
Most of these things were either added by local dealers or by local assemblers, if cars were exported as kits to some country
Hej, we are one point better than last time.
Is Turkish flag there by coincidence
I know Russophobes like yourself can't stand that you were totally wrong when you gleefully thought Russia would collapse.
If they wanted to ban her, they should do it very soon after the crime was comitted.
It describes the whole picture: you do understand that she could not just take those orphans from Ukraine and bring them through border to Russia without permit from Kremlin?
Is it **REALLY** important that holodomor(and soviet famine) not genocide by definition?
That's because by law if it's not complete it's still in construction and thus they avoid taxes.
* **duck**: smell funky when raw, but really amazing slow-roasted
I just don't understand it in both written and pronounced forms
You have the different mentality.
> Russia in place of Ukraine
Normally it's 'свиня' but with dialect it's 'пацє' and that's so funny to me
Ah, glad to see the "alt-right" crowd make a token appearance.
Southern Europe is doing shit altogether.
Treating countries like children seems like a bad idea
Ukraine is also definitely part of Europe.
For you and me this means that technically the money is still on the account but in practice it's not really accessible at any time like you would expect it to be.
Russia, you need to learn about this tiny little concept called **INDEPENDENT NATION**
The Ukraine secret services have been relatively successful, Pawel Dremow, Alexej Mosgowoi, Alexander Bednow, Arsenij Pawlow.
There's also a big difference in what "fight a war" entails for people in Ukraine or France.
Russia accounts for two-third of HIV cases in Europe.
There shouldn't be any cause of concern from the citizens of Georgia but citizens of Russia/Ukraine with Georgian nationality are a different case.
3.25 times) higher in Russia, than in Ukraine (Russia and Neatherlands: 1.9 times, for comparison).
ok, they sleep well, but how do you defrost them back to life then
Germany — Німеччина [Nimechchyna]
You just get use to it and next time be like "Oh hi old friend, France in that way"
Arabian country with little to no hydrocarbon deposits.
Over time, I adjust and sound a little less "slavic" to my own ear
It asks whether you are for or against this proposed routes.
Because iPhones are overpriced
[Onuka - Vidlik] - Her band's name is literally "Granddaughter" since she's a granddaughter of a locally famous traditional instruments maker
According to All-Ukrainian population census data, the representatives of more than 130 nationalities and ethnic groups live on the territory of the country."
I think after so long you just get used to it and in time forget what the initial reason for the war was
After the dissolution, those few Russian governmental channels remained alive and kicking, showing mostly the same classic Soviet movies, entertainment tv shows, and the news were about the whole ex-Soviet space, but from the Russian POV
Former KGB member turned corrupt billionaire, suppressing opposion, killing and silencing his opponents, invading Ukraine in a massive breach of international law...
We'll just have to agree to disagree on how Russia's belligerence should be confronted.
It was a constitutional monarchy last time I checked
But today Orban and Putin are big buddies united against Ukraine which currently in the existential confrontation with Russia just as Hungry was once
Written, Bulgarian looks literally like Russian written with a bunch of mistakes
I thought Russian forces in the East of Ukraine started the war
Arkane also has that cool ass return to ravenholm game
It's the opposite - regulator only started to care about insider credits and ownership structure in 2014 and now slowly brings it under control now.
You literally can't see the irony yourself - an occupier comes to your land and you play into his narratives because you don't see the USSR as an occupier too
That becomes a common problem
Look at countries who chose their side after the collapse of the Soviet Union  - West aligned one mostly doing good, they have problems, but compare to us they are doing good
Wow,that’s impressive
It's incredibly ugly
We have  "History of Ukraine" and "World History" ( or "Foreign History") as separate subjects
Maybe, so, my mistake
Oh no, that's a shitty looking parliament you've got there greece, it's even shittier than the shit we've got.
He quickly built some boats of timber,
We laugh about the Swiss calling police about neighbor's hedges trimmed not to village code but I would so much like to magically inject a 1/10 of that into the national mentality here
I lived in Romania and been all over Eastern Europe (Ukraine, Bulgaria, Poland, Czech Republic, etc...) and you put the message historically with the Iron curtain which wasn't that long ago.
Not really
Yeah, they are being gifted by Japanese government
This whole event could end peacefully.
Probably we need to use L'Hôpital's rule when we compare infinitesimally small values.
But it looks interesting
It's for Russian soldiers who might get lost like they did in Ukraine.
The consenquence of Maidan was that they got rid of Yanukovych and Ukraine now leanas towards Europe more than ever
Still though, this song had little singing going on.
Or is it most likely gonna beat your naked ass
Do you think the ethnic groups in Ukraine would have started killing each other like the Shias and Sunnis did in Iraq?
I think the reason for so low road traffic fatalities in Ukraine because of
Seriously, there was even some conferences between Ukraine, Russia and EU when the acession treaty for Ukraine was prepared.
*got rickrolled as usual
there were millions of Russians in German army in WWII, you don't call Hitler's army "Russian rebels", don't you
Seriously can you name single ceasefire which was not violated?
The instabiliy in the west balkans, the issues with Ukraine, the governments of Hungary and Poland, Brexit, even the successful geopolitical machinations of Russia have one cause.
We gonna elevate fucking Atlantis or just, straight to water
Before that, the US literally killed most of the their native American population and stole their land in the process.
America finally gave everyone an opportunity to die in a f***ing world war
Russia raising Prices for everybody knowing that Ukraine is buying from them
So is pirating obsolete or you just personally dislike their ideas
But the point I was trying to make earlier is that we should look foremost to ourselves, but in Ukraine's case that's a bit different when you have literal invasion and annexation going on.
AFAIK Kuznetsov was scheduled to have a refit.
Try to find a country in Europe without them
Just the people
Then they could join NATO without problems.
Still, it doesn't save them from endless jokes generated by two puns in English
I think those songs might be slightly, just slightly, offensive
It's not European, rather international, but I **love** Burger King
I am not blaming or anything
-That's how Aeneas lacked her grace -
Although all dogs in my area are neutered and have an ear chip
And 1-3% still support Ukraine, according to different polls.
Sorry for a selfish question, but it seems to be the best place to ask
Russian is more closely related to Bulgarian.
Part of Russia/Same as Russia/Soviet Country
And of course you did not miss the opportunity to shit on Germany by presenting it as if Germany (and France) is the big Vampire that sucks everybody else's blood out, which seems to be mandatory for Poles in a discussion about European politics, and a very popular narrative in this subreddit.
Still is very strong
Have you ever seen Ukrainians ?
better go to Poland or Czechia to find a job instead
At this point it is hard to pinpoint which "nation" was an ancestor of Ukraine.
Sometimes I can use correct words and formula but it can make zero sense to the English speaking people
In Lviv it was 4 snowy days in Dec and 3 snowy days in Jan (days not in a row), but snow melted fast
Yes, but Ukraine considered joining Nato and look what happened.
mmm so you think they declare everything?
He could've easily stayed in power, because pretty much everything he did during the protests only led to more violence and more people hating him, to the point that some wonder if it was intentional.
No cars, you can place them at optimal angle, shade for those who want to take a bicycle ride etc.
**Winter apples:**
When Germany send it's wind, they're not sending their best.
it is not played on the radio in my country, therefore I heard this song this year
Try to get a fan before AC
All is quiet on Chinese-Finnish border
they can be part of whatever they want, the land however belongs to Ukraine
A girl with bigger ear tunnels too, tbf
I live in Kyiv (\~3m population) we have many hedgehogs and squirrels + some beavers
But , without mechanism of realization of "guarantees " as 2014 year showed
The devil in the details, as always
Can you please explain that a bit more?
Those services can deliver whatever you need - wardrobes, couches, cinder blocks, wooden logs, but the bigger is the object, the higher is the price
Well, I don't think anyone doesn't know anything
I'd choose Moldova but they're not really military strong.
It's okay in the sense that it doesn't have any bacteria due to chlorination.
usually, it was -13 or -7 during the day
But invading Ukraine was strategically easy/low cos it was basically a client state, and was isolated.
[Lenin statue transformed to Darth Vader statue after the start of decommunization in Odesa, Ukraine]
Drinking to become a little drunk and have a good time or relax is considered OK - this is why people drink
She was sent to the same places and by same people, as russian tanks and GRADs.
There's also [pear, lemon, and orange] Zhyvchyk which also consist of ~1 ml of juice
Brexit team took out ads in our biggest newspaper to vote against Ukraine, GeenStijl went out in force to show the people that they too could influence policy in the Netherlands and the result came together as it did.
Other countries will leave in one way or another due to the western retarded influx of immigrants from Africa and the Middle East.
Even though you don't have a war in your country, more people die from gun violence every year in the US than in the east of Ukraine (10200+(civillians included) for Donbass war since 2014, compare that to US annual gun homicide statistics)
And it's about having leverage to 'negotiate' 'spheres of influence' with the West, dividing up sway over Ukraine among supposed world powers.
Remember the first Minsk agreement, and the Ukrainian military defeats after it?
Terrorussism will be added in half a generation
The plans about large protests and insurrection in Kharkiv failed, in Dnipropetrovsk never even started and in Odessa we all know how it ended.
Man nothing beats a goold 'ole air raid siren.
Ukraine nationalizes largest bank after stability concerns
I know that it may be an exaggeration but you never know
Yeah, seen those
Next minute we have a government that is trying to legalise theft, is using anti-EU rhetoric amd causing massive protests unseen in the country's democractic history.
America should not have defended Crimea.
I don't want to slam the Greece here, it was literally impossible to create a decent camp considering that this small nation got flodded with an unbelievable amount of refugees without a system of EU-quotas and without help.
The former were Russian through and through while the latter were Polish/Lithuanian subjects who later on fell under the Russian spell and today are considered by Ukraine as an early expression of Ukrainian statehood.
I did it myself - snatched poppy from my grandma who had it after "Маковія/Makoviya" (a religious holiday on which people bring flowers and poppy to the church)
PS: the village where my ancestors came from was owned by the Potocki family
With wheat in very short supply there was an improvement at a children's ward of coeliac patients
Of course not,both of them has done a lot of crimes,but saying that
Let's say, thank you, Poland, for Donald Tusk, and for opposing Germany "doing business" with Russia yet again
Contitutional Court of Ukraine accepted our school law as Constitutional
As to Europians, they don't even care much that Russians kill Ukrainians daily on the Ukrainian soil.
I actually don't know if they allow people to do that but I'm almost sure they just write "Ivanov" and apply the Italian law.
All Soviet countries had BUKs, Ukraine has at least 72
I do get the historical reference, being a Ukrainian in Hungary, but Lviv itself was more Austrian than Hungarian, if we're continuing said reference
Land is a very special kind of property, in countries with sane law you can't just fence off whatever your family happens to own.
The Parliament and all of the institutions continued functioning.
Thanks
Maybe you are quite artistic person but if I would try to draw that I would probably unintentionally insult many people from Sri Lanka :\
I don't think a lot of Ukrainians are losing sleep over that, as long as some solution is found.
This is actually a very interesting point.
Or why Ukraine's dictator flees to Russia after he was ousted?
Voting committee consisting of putinists prints ballots with no Navalny.
Not that I think it is true, but there is a conspiracy theory that they intended to shoot down an Aeroflot plane, that would have given Russia an excuse to roll into Ukraine with great forces.
People that emigrate  have different opinions
By the way, I don't really think myself that Ukraine is anti-russian(langauge).
Seriously, it looks like a hodgepodge of styles and shapes
So Ukraine, Belarus, and Georgia.
You summed up my thoughts perfectly
Oh fantastic, so if now Putin keeps expanding in Ukraine the whole EU is gonna be dragged into a military conflict with the country with the largest number of nuclear warheads.
But as far as I know, most people in cities either buy water or refill it on some kind of public spring (especially in the region of the Carpathian mountains)
Yep
I took Ap US history back in the day and this is the first I'm hearing of Spain helping.
On the second though, our women love to tease in a relationship accentuating how the man is crazy about them and all, so I imagine a Ukrainian wife dropping something like "c'mon, stop kissing me for just a bit, I'm not an ice cream".
Inflation hit us hard
Others could be included too, such as Romania.
After all Ukraine is only our problem to a very limited extent.
The representation of women in science, medicine and engineering in USSR was miles ahead of West.
Why can't the eu just let Ukraine in the union, my ucranian girlfriend has to suffer a lot of bullshit just because she was born in a certain zone of the planet earth, it's infuriating
You know, I just checked the map, and "pointing barrels at Russia" from Romania would be pointing them at Moldova and Ukraine.
Can I take a flair in mobile web version
> The poem is in top-100 list by «From Skovoroda to modern time: 100 most important creative art in Ukrainian».
Well I don't really know all things rich people do, maybe they sent their children to camps abroad, or take vacations while children are at school, whatever
We cared, but, perhaps, not enough.
He views Ukraine as a part of the russian world(driven perhaps by his partly ukrainian ancestry) although he laments the fact that Putins war in eastern Ukraine will only drive Ukraine further away from Russia
Sending military equipment and supplies is good, but won't help in long run
Donetsk, Lugansk and Crimea were, but they're already little out
Ah, the good old "Whataboutism".
* Lol is used in everyday spoken language, pronounced as one syllable
What about an "ugly sleazy Anglo-Saxons"? That is what your TV tells  your people every fucking day :)
they can't even seriously push into Ukraine
Sanctions, Syria, Ukraine, Missile shield, Oil-pipe blocking etc.
Ukraine deserves all the bad press they are going to get for this.
Germany has always been obsessed about Ukraine since the times of the German empire.
Germany is a Vape Nation
as our market would be flooded by EU goods with marking "Zrobleno v Ukraine
Or is it really sounds wrong for native speakers too
It was all set in motion already when Ukraine won with a song that was clearly politically charged.
Yes, I think you are correct on this.
Nationalism+hatred+xenopbobia never made a country strong and ended in catastrophes.
People can't get on their bus/mashrutka even when their section of the road is clear, so it's a plausible excuse
Depends on the school, but lately it's mostly Ukrainian
Today in 2014 Crimea voted in a referendum to secede from Ukraine and join the Russian Federation
Russia is not being invaded by anyone.
In other case police has rights to forcefully stop protest if masked thugs do whatever they want and endanger protesters.
We're scared of mutants and exploding nuclear plants
At the very beginning rebels in Donbass had very few weapons, mostly from local military bases and police stations.
I see a 13 on Romania and a 31 on Hungary.
I remember watching clips of missiles being fired in the Ukraine conflict.
Like, there is a difference between description of beheadings in history book and posting it on a billboard near the kindergarten.
Netherlands, EU Reach Deal On Ukraine Association Agreement
Now just wait for the news about angry french decapitating iranians
How many people were protesting in Paris when George Floyd died
Noone knows anyone from there
I personally buy water in a grocery store in my building which costs me ₴1 per liter (€0
After it's been warm (+25 C) and sunny for several days, +15 C doesn't make that much of a difference
I've been learning English for 12 years in school and kindergarten, and still not sure what tenses in certain situations I should use
There are also coffee/tea vending machines everywhere
She's a woman who attended Donbass almost weekly to show how children suffer there and how Ukraine is all to blame.
If I understand correctly, you need a mobile data package
They certainly arrest and even [lure] foreigners who are former separatist fighters back to Ukraine to face justice for their crimes.
Well, let's just assume for a moment everything we hear is the truth.
Don't just listen to message, but look, who does deliver the message.
Just like state institutions, mass media, the internet, etc., Russia's Ortodox Church is controlled by Kremlin, just as it was under total control during USSR times (and submitted to a lot of persecutions as the soviet man was supposed to be atheist).
This is turning to be the ultimate downfall for Donbass.
Poland doesn't have it that bad ( our right wingers are just easy-triggered kind of people), but countries like Ukraine are prime example of how much sovereignity you can get as a neighbour.
Because Russia is the source of everything bad in Ukraine.
Wow, that's fucked up
So no, it is very much relevant what they sing about.
so, Ukraine faked death of russian journalist, who was out of favor in Kremlin, who was probably ordered to kill by russian FSB
What we don't have is street preachers or loud conspiracy theorists with cardboard signs
Do you have any credible western sources?
Aside from that, there's an alternative dubbing of the trailer to this movie remade into a full-blown parody of Zelenskyi
If you're really adventurous, you can *probably* go with a seagull, but that's already seafood territory IMO and that's a separate thread
I've met a few spontaneous migrant guys from Ukraine here, in Moscow and no one of them was running from the "horrors of war" or from poverty at that time.
Don’t Forget The 4,000,000 Ukrainians Living Through Russia’s War In The Donbass
I guess only shipyard in USSR capable to build such a large hull still remains in Nikolaev.
According to them, we migrated after constant attacks from Rome.
Prime minister part: Rutte is often accused of being a coward and liar.
And then forcibly changing the local laws by taking the city's officials hostage and throwing them into a dungeon
Not a full independence, but pretty close.
Lmao, Europe could barely agree to sanction Russia after they fucked about in Ukraine.
War on three fronts (Africa, large Eastern European, and some relatively passive till 1944 Western Front), having a delusional leadership that cared more about the extermination of population than winning a war
And most of all it's right there - it's Romania's fin
I meant NGOs operating in another country.
The more you live the more you learn
Since war in Ukraine Putin's purged not only opposition to his regime but any free expression from most public figures, present and former.
You weren't even a full member of NATO at that time.
It does not justify invading the country and annexing its parts in any way.
We never went to war with Serbia so we shall keep the tradition.
Essentially he says that Russia, rightly or wrongly, doesn't want NATO near it's borders.
Woo contemporary Ukrainian music shameless plug
Russian troops massively shelling Ukrainian city Avdiivka by rockets and artillery, Ukraine prepared to evacuate 12 000 civilians
>If anything my comment is more about 'saving' us from violence than it is about 'saving' them
China named it for Hong Kong (Canton) tho.
He must be an Australian, trying to confuse people!
If Bolshevik Ukraine was independently governed from Kyiv, I could agree
It’s pain in the ass to control territory, where nobody wants to be controlled by you.
pro-putin troyan horse called Serbia into EU?
They can be pretty tasty
You can portray various events in a different light, at different angles or with different commentary.
Also lots of country's best restaurants
Also, kids just cut the top from a ripe dried poppy seed box and eat the seeds
Looks so sad about it lmao
Although, you might agree that when we start using all those words from English and become annoying people that use a lot of English words and phrases, we don't feel that they're emotionally less charged
It is easier to name all that is more expensive
Viva la Libera Repubblica Corsica!
I had more Ukrainian-language speaker contacts in Catalonia/ES and Alberta/CA than in Ukraine.
For example, some time ago Putin was absent from public view for a while despite some events that required his reaction
Very easy
Finland has not been attacked by Russia since the 40s, even though they're not in NATO and joined the EU relatively late.
Immigrants get killed in Russia and hundreds of tajik, uzbek and other non-slavic immigrants were killed by Nazis in Russia.
I spend a total of 2 weeks in Lviv.
Also, Ukrainian police uses Skoda Octavia and Skoda Rapid
PSD basically passed this emergency ordinance at midnight without it even being on the daily agenda of the Government
Wars are fought in the treasuries mostly, without money Ukraine will crumble and lose the war.
Also, it's easy to fit other nations like  Tsardom of Russia, Crimean Khanate, Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and the Swedish Empire
Just look at the natural resources that they have.
Better delete everything than allow low-quality content.
Gun violence
Where do you get that division?
Poland — Польща [Polshcha]
Don't forget that he said to russian pro-putin newspaper, that it was polish soldiers in disguise who shoot at Berkut during Euromaidan in Ukraine.
> Seems like if it were he wouldn't have to imprison and assassinate so many political opponents
Especially when you're not expecting it.
We give you our wheat fields
Also many of our folk songs or marches are about fighting Polish, Russians or Bolsheviks (Even older version of national anthem had lyrics about borders from River Sian to River Don, which are in Poland and Russia respectively at the moment)
The rest of my post is the answer to your question.
Don't worry, Ukraine will never catch up to the Baltic tigers™.
Not that much really
I think, espacially in the Baltic states, Georgia and the Ukraine, they have created this situation themselves by treating these ethnic Russians as garbage second rate citizens, instead of embracing them as fellow citizens at the new start of their country after the division of the USSR.
Excuse this wordy reply, it's not 100% directed at you
That's not feasible given the current state of programming as a discipline, any non-trivial software package contains bugs (an old adage), not to mention possible hardware faults.
Kazakh is Russian can-readian-but-can't-understanian
Do you think you can punch it hard enough
5 euro
Daughter of the last Anglo-Saxon king of England was the Princess of Kyiv
Don't get me wrong the Russians are still a strong military force, but not nearly as dangerous as many people tend to think.
I volunteer Ukraine(and the entire post soviet/communist block) for the ugliest country in Europe.
Kyiv is named after its legendary founder Kyi
Hot: +30C — +34C
That guy who is hiding in Russia now
Exactly what I'm always thinking.
I'm all in favor of closer relations with the Russians.
Not sure about manual bans, but putinlovers on yaplakal and pikabu will just downvote anything dissenting below threshold.
can you explain me why, in the first place, russia wanted to send her to the country, towards which russia is committing A FUCKING WAR???
Tbh outside Germany, Czechia, Ukraine and Lithuania I don't like mainstream beers (I'm not a fan of Belgian beers too - too strong for me).
Oh thank you
Here’s a cover for it in [Turkish] and [Ukrainian]
I really doubt a country as poor as Ukraine is going to have a lower/middle class that spends a lot on tourism, while the higher class doesn't really have issues with a visa as of now anyway.
Isn't this a really really stupid move?
I have relatives in Budjak who lived there before WW2, including my grandma.
Those of us with roots know slightly more but tends to involve stories of oppression and being poor peasant farmers.
You could make it about the governmental changes in the former soviet states since the fall of the USSR and compare the ones closer to the "west" (=Germany and westward) to those closer to Russia (assuming there are differences).
Purely phonetically, I'd rather spell it like хшон**шч** and **Шч**ебжешин.
Just take a look at the Ukraine where the Russians used a few of their best equippet troops.
XII-XIII: Principality of Halych-Volyn
I would change my current flat for a small house out here easily
Could not think of a game more fondly tbh
> Are there wildlife and trees growing
So no, my life wouldn't be ruined if I suddenly didn't have a car
LMAO
Depends because we have been under foreign rule for a good part of our history but I guess It has to go to Stalin
Yes and yes
Russia didn't pursue new territorial gains and quite frankly I don't think they will.
>instead of wheat they have wine
Narrative depends on the teacher and it's moved a bit lately for obvious reasons
It didn't take long to blame Russia.
Lol, you have no idea what you're talking about
Oooff, from 1991
Ukraine and Poland’s History Wars Are a Gift For Putin
But nope, it was also closed, please come back at 8AM, said very polite guy over the intercom
If this goes through the river will barely have any water left and super polluted.
English is easy to learn because it's literally everywhere
We do not have such luxury, sadly.
I guess it's pretty standard: the capital for being assholes who hemmorage money, Lviv for being posh (Lviv also gets a whole separate nomination because they fancy themselves the Silicon Valley of Ukraine) and Donbass for being postindustrial degenerates who literally shot themselves in the foot to show them khokhols
It can
Everything east of Frankish Empire and North of East Roman Empire on this map is historically incorrect
You just get use to it and next time be like "Oh hi old friend, France in that way"
Are you anything else
The Crimea and a few cities in the east is what they could achieve
* Blue - because it's the most traditional colour associated with Europe
Wait are they related to the Vaterlandisch front (sorry for butchering German)
But also towards Iran and Syria, just like under Bush.
If the UK tried to do to Scotland what Ukraine did to Crimea, people would be denouncing us (Eg.
The name "*тітушки/titushky*" (plural) comes from the surname of Vadim Titushko - [a guy] that you'd certainly fall in love with, Reddit
It's in fact remnant from soviet times and become some sort of mentality
Not really, I think that's Ukraine.
I'm sure there are a few fields where you might find a Russian scientist at a reputable international conference, but not in my field.
The media should have called them out for that and warned the public that this would tear the country appart, because it was going to force Russia to secure geo-strategically important areas: Crimea.
Let us in
So Q and anti-vaxx morons who think the earth is flat, eh
Do you use the calque OP mentioned
That's a lot of ikeas
Is it not an odd coincidence that war in East Ukraine is reigniting after Trump's election?
Belgorod and Taganrig were ethnically Ukrainian at the beginning of 20 century, for example.
Same for Europeans - they just look different, and it's not only about biology or fashion sense; people of the same nationality often have similar facial expressions
Baltics will defend themselves with arms from the first minute.
Used to use cyrilic, and had to reform the language to phase out many slavic loan words.
^ Basically it is an apple lemonade
But seriously, so weird were the times that I can't imagine how some people still can feel nostalgic about it
My native language is actually Russian
As commie shit
So actually not that bad but this system can't last too long and in 1991 collapsed
Perhaps people will not make the most efficient decision, but I can see it working better, or at least not as bad, as when dealing with international relations.
And now his main objective is not to be prosecuted
Water and Sprite are completely different things (hint: sugar).
here, in Ukraine, i am paying 5€ per month
You love Easter
Places like Moldova, Ukraine or Belarus.
Poland
Something that can replace NATO, kick the Russians out of Ukraine, or enforce peace in Libya, that would be useful.
Someone built 700m long tunnel with a train between Slovakia and Ukraine to smuggle cigarettes.
I'm currently not interested in the countries where a political shitstorm is currently happening.
And how to provide security for her?
I disagreed with you that a majority of people from the EU support the withdrawal of sanctions against Russia.
A lot of people in all European post-communist countries know good Russian.
The referendum had about a 32% turnout...
I've never seen any person here who would keep eggs outside of the fridge
Just to screw with Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine and Poland - yes.
Not enough
While there is no doubt there are extreme right groups in Ukraine,I doubt they have enough free room on their plate to think of Jews.
The journalist's face really sells it
And what happens when your Eastern European country is opening its economy to internationals
Imperial is usually used tech context, usually just as comparative.
But it’s not the most realists perceive.
Hahaaha
Gas physically never goes beyond Ukraine's west border, therefore transportation is not charged.
Admittedly involvement in Syria is a pure power play, but Syria is not a neighbour, the way Ukraine is.
On one hand, it's Ukraine, the oppressed victim that should be supported no matter what.
Just one figure: per capita GDP (PPP) is more than 3 times (approx.
People like the ones who joined DNR/LNR would probably be more widespread around the south east, helping the invaders.
Watch this: it kinda compares Lithuania's struggles with those of Ukraine.
New wave from Ukraine ready to steal our jeebs!!!*
Sometimes those things aren't connected, like, people know Las Vegas, Chicago, or New Orleans but not the states those cities are in
If Ukraine somehow were to meet the criteria in 20-30 years, then why not?
Funny that we have the same ones meaning-wise, but the terms are different
Maybe that one "krug" word is a loanword from Church Slavonic
1) Might be the difference between an analytic and synthetic language, but English affixes are mostly used to create derivatives (do - doer, relevant - irrelevant) but not to intensify the meaning (Ru: мужчина - мужчинка - мужик - мужичок - мужлан)
That there are a lot of Soros agents in government including prime minister, some others ministers and members of ruling party (some inner feud inside party, i don't know)
This year, we were to send **Go_a** with a song called "Solovey". They aren't new to the folk electronic scene
Polish is hard to understand but you can get the gist
Finally, answering the main question of whether we feel overwhelmed by the news from Russia, I'd say we don't. We get as much Russian news as everyone; the difference is, we hear them in the language we actually speak, get all the references and minuscule details, and can interpret them in the context of those shared informational years
But since articles in many languages show the gender of the word, we have 3 genders and most of the times you can feel what is the new word gender by the look of the word
A failed state, that will cease to exist within the next two decades
But there might have been in the past, as e.g.
Especially since it's pretty uneven and there's some parts where everything is absolutely logical and orderly with few exceptions(like basic conjugation outside of the sentences, word formation, lexicology, phonetics etc) but at the same time there are parts that go absolutely bananas(advanced conjugation, syntax, punctuation, semantics and dialectology) and those that don't have any rules at all
Ukraine does not buy gas from Russia any longer.
Quite a sweeping statement
There's really no ethnic or religious hatred in Ukraine (maybe some small ultra-Orthodox minority that still harbours hate for the Catholics, but Catholics aren't really all over the country so it would be hard for them to get at each other).
The son of Bohdan Khmelnitsky turned out to be such a total insignificance that he ended up in a monastery, from where he was dragged out by the Turkish invaders
Our own **George Washington** at last
Your typical shpargalka looks like that
If Ukraine somehow were to _meet_ the criteria in 20-30 years, then why not?
No major first world country has recognized thee annexation as legal.
Although enforced is a strong word
For example, a child can be jealous when their baby sibling gets all the attention
Oh you mean like electing a former comedian as a president
But they are not Hutsul
You over estimate how large that population is and how much incompetence there still is in the army.
Sad that we didn't fullfil this
* Ruś
No vowels in the end, no other signs of being feminine
(*Kazka's [Apart] is a great song though*)
Now I have no money, but one day
You probably comparing discrimination policies with genocide
as if "Gaia" wasn't short enough :)
all these fancy things matter only if there is a will to act behind them:).
Here in Bochum and at our neighbors in Dortmund it's the same square level formation, but made out of unworked concrete
&#x200B;
Yeah, the Holodomor was not a genocide - it did not target Ukrainians.
No, but it spread something questionable as undeniable final truth with heavy anti-immigrant ->anti-government bias.
That's  despicable of them and they are absolutely wrong to do it
Russia in conflict with Ukraine and our western neighbour aka Germany which also caused us some problems in the past...they behave kinda abnormally recently, let alone refugees quota distribution.
In Kyiv, you can get a 250m2 luxury flat in the city center, 13 normal size (40-50m2) flats outside of the city center, 400-700m2 house with a garden (overall 2000m2 land)
The country brought its own demise, since theres little union among the different people that live there, some are pro EU and Ukraine, some pro RUS, others are pro themselves like Odessa.
EDIT: If we count Grand Princes  (and regent-consort, princess-consort and dozens of a princess )  we have next names:
Meanwhile Ukraine is in a civil war.
funny
If you're comfortable with it and interested I'd suggest looking east.
Nobody wants to see someone fumbling with their genitals or hear the sounds
I don't drink and don't like salo
Not Donetsk and Lugansk per se but rather Russia declared it for them for some reason.
More separatist movements in Italy than just the Veneto area, talking about the north separating itself.
That's enough to keep peons entertained.
And also pretty much for anyone in Asia that wants to do something related to gas and oil Russia is quite attractive as well.
"It was not about Ukraine, it was about the EU".
Russia does not need to feel worried about the military presence in their neighbouring countries if it abondens its agressive and warmongering foreign policy.
Is anything else used instead now?
I mean, we're at war with Russia, so there's that
Welcome to our company Friend !
Remember we only became independent a few decades ago so its a big deal.
Greetings from Ukraine, where we have only one highway which is just 14 km long
Oh well
We don't have RossComNadzor or any other internet controlling organization, so yes I can.
Btw i am still learning it
* car traffic is terrible
Also, of course we hate your government, not your people
For vast majority of jobs it did not matter what gender you are.
Usually, they react very calmly.
We now see that the only purpose of Russia was to use local Russia-lovers to destabilize Ukraine, create a buffer between the West and Russia and distract attention from the Crimea issue.
99% agree that we're eastern Europe and 99% are unaware of the fact we or any other country is supposed to be butthurt about it
Pls end me: +35C and above
I've got no idea who the sides of the conflict were(apart from "Serbs dislike Croats and Bosniaks and it's mutual") and why where they fighting in the first place apart from partitioning Yugoslavia
People that think it is naive to start co-operating closely with an oligopoly.
So if I negotiated 1000$ per month, I would get 1100 or whatever so I get what I negotiated after I paid taxes
Even if/wen the fighting stops, the problem(s) won't be solved any soon.
See, sometimes it's easier for me as a non-native speaker to just describe something than to use an idiomatic phrase
As for subject that don't exist in Ukraine, I'd say, it's religion
Ukraine has been stagnating economically
Putin is an oligarch and criminal authority
These etnic Russians can't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by Stalin.
I'm not a nazi when I'm drunk, I don't do nazi salutes or spew their propaganda when I'm drunk
> Two states, Ukraine and Turkmenistan, have ratified the CIS Creation Agreement, making them "founding states of the CIS", but did not ratify the subsequent Charter that would make them members of the CIS
I have an app called Tandem which is for language learning.
Octogenarian couple struggle for survival on Ukraine's front line
Putin himself, however, has said that Russia is everywhere people speak Russian
Oh boy, those things that happen in Poland's independent day  shouldn't be tolerated as well, especially in modern Europe
And now it's £72 both ways, but what you would really care about is a price of beer in Lviv.
Your comment about the media isn't true for the UK.
Have you read Minsk II agreement signed by amongst others by Russia?
E.g., I know what "old as the hills" means, but if I didn't, I'd say "very old". It's still correct, but less metaphoric/more precise
All of them have been well known commanders and all of them have been killed during secret operations.
I'm really worried about the language barrier.
Long live Ukraine
USED
If you care enough about Ukranian take on Volyn, please check this video
yea, fuck Ukraine and Baltics and all the other small fuckers who happen to stand in between them.....hell naw
If you was a democratic stable country these people would change standpoint.
He was very unpopular towards the end of his term, even pro Russian people were disappointed with him.
Oh i remembered about when it’s cold but you wear light clothes mom always says: “It’s not may month outside”
We have some differences between how we say things in the East and the West but generally you can't distinguish them unless you're a native speaker
I do love German cooked red sauerkraut and buy a can of the ready made one in the supermarket as soon as I get there )))
And now it almost not used in order to avoid misunderstandings with rassians (Moskovians)
As /u/mil_cord points out, it goes "where do you think you are between the best and worst possible life for you?" People here don't often think about Africa/Middle East aside from "death, destruction, hunger" etc, while for example Ukraine will probably spend a lot of time looking at Russia, the rest of Europe etc.
Well it's a good thing that the Americans who also gave their assurances stopped the Russian Army before it could do anything to Ukraine.
Maybe someone other familiar with our laws will correct me or tell you more
Pagan idols looked more [like this]
4 Russian Cybersecurity Professionals Charged with ‘Treason on Behalf of the US’
The closest word-to-word would be Great Fatherland War or somrthing like that
How I (Як я) - have spent my summer
By Eastern Europe I mean Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova etc.
Personally I agree with the definition that terrorism necessarily involves intentional targeting of civilians, so in my view neither the American revolutionaries, nor the current PKK (as far as I'm informed), nor the pro-Russian separatists in Eastern Ukraine (as much as I dislike them) count as terrorists.
1941
Our real income doubled from 1990 to 2015.
Because Ukrainian lands become part of this country not as result of conquest etc but because of Dynastic union, and we still had right of voting and so on
Neither celebrating, nor feeling sorry for them.
Since I am not from the capital, I had to order from a reseller (from Ikea Poland) one more time
Some works are shortened, some are excerpts; poems are usually complete
When 90% of Russia supports your death and want to conquer your state, perspective is different
Belgians are just french swamp germans after all
Of course, 65-70% of the Ukrainians actually do, which piss me of so much, but there are a big amount of people who speak in the language of the country in which they live
Same thing with winters
the 3 biggest polluters
What else cliches people have about Ukrainians
I don't suppose there are a lot of Ukrainians here, so here goes
Not Turkish particularly, but Turkic languages.
With all the precautions being taken over there, it would be unwise to deliver that strike.
same with south ossetia, but there has to be an official Russian map with these separatist states, and the parts of Ukraine they annexed?
Anyone traveled to Ukraine since the Crimea annexation?
Well, it’s possible, but so complicated and I wouldn’t recommend doing this at all
Keep it up, one day I hope we would visit each other as EU countries
And it was also accepted by the historical community.
its already done so in Moldova, Georgia, and Ukraine.
> 325€
Ukraine isn't EU confirmed
Dude with a scarf: Oh, there's my mate Bartek, let me wave at him so he sees m...
Even some teachers at schools just ignoring smoking and drinking kids
Nominative: Mariya Petrivna, Danylo Petrovych
We ended up walking away from the railroad
* **World** or **Foreign Literature**, which is everything you can think of: ancient, classic, and modern literature; poems and prose; Asian, European, American literature
How he can be dictator for 30 years, when Montenegro declared independence only in 2006
Russia invading Crimea (and Ukraine) is indefensible.
he would falcificate those elections and triggered maidan anyway, but with russian fsb cannibals more prepared for the situation.
That's why countries require visas, generally speaking - it is technically infeasible to cross-check every single possible applicant.
Egalitarianism means equality of opportunity, which USSR provided.
I haven't really seen Russia do much aside from Ukraine and Syria
Usually, cats
sorry, it looked like you implied that Ukraine still has plenty of space and should not fight for the territories.
I'd also like to one day visit Pripyat, Ukraine, but that may be the most difficult trip.
Thousands were killed because the West decided once again to stir up a "spontaneous revolution" against a twice-elected president.
I haven't been there myself but wanted to add a few spots on google street view:
Clearly they were referring to Russia not holding back and invading Ukraine in Crimea and Donbas
It worth a visit, but the whole city is overcrowded
You're going to nuke Russia over invading the Ukraine?
We have similar thing
You're an example on how propaganda actually works.
I was talking about him in regards to Ukraine.
4 billion people recognized his legal status
She wished his soul would stop delaying
I bet this is just a few obnoxious crazies who either own dogs or live close by, plus the journalists overreacting.
We have ample historical precedent of Russia intervening in Estonia ([1]#Soviet_westward_offensive), [2] Of course you can say that things have changed, but I would argue that the situation in Georgia and Ukraine proves at least that Russia is willing to move in when it deems it favourable for itself and does not care overly about international agreements.
Sherlock Holmes series
We don't have any bases here, but US troops sometimes cross our country on their way to or from the Baltics.
Also yes
It arose simultaneously in three particular areas: "serious" fiction (published in "thick" journals such as Novy mir ), film, and investigative reporting
There are also coffee/tea vending machines everywhere
And by devaluing the dollar they would make US more competitive, forcing shift of production from China back to US.
You cant really say it's radical if almost 60 years have passed
There are a lot of different flavors of it in Ukraine(orange, mint and strawberry, blackberry), but they all suck ass imo
Pull your head out of your arse and go out of your safe space for once, then you maybe won't start defending fucking Nazis
Yeah, which noone even bothered counting
In fact, large regions of Russia and Khazakhstan were affected just as much, if not more.
"*. And then I recalled, it's singular (and feminine) in Russian, so there's no clash in our minds
**Serhii Korolov** (rocket engineer, launched the first human into space)
Cursive for Cyrillic languages and printed-like for Latin languages, except German for some reason
Nah, another deep concern from Europeans is something we are already accustomed to.
It's often romantic but not necessarily
Here "розташоване" is the word "located" conjugated in the present time, neutral gender, singular number and according to it's group of verbs
Ukraine's Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko said Voronenkov's assassination is a "typical public execution of a witness by Kremlin"
While it's really ugly, I can see it's being a popular tourist attraction in the future
Trust me, that's not the worst shit they have there
Yanukovich
But cackling Juno, dog-gone-daughter,
The thing is: Spain is tiny for American standards and it's the 2nd biggest EU country (France being #1, with Ukraine and Russia being *European* the biggest countries).
He was elected by Ukrainian people.
So does the 4th May, when I am writing that comment
Well they tried to become independent in the 90's but Ukraine ruled they couldn't ever.
You can not be surprised that we don't wanna have this in our country.
Welcome to our company Friend !
Well hello there
You're literally paying for more costly Russian gas for 1.5 years now
Of course the long term benefits depend on how much Ukraine can be pulled out of an economic slump which will be dependent on how Ukraine handles its corruption problems and on how Europe and the US handles Russia.
This kind of russian thinking makes me want to vomit honestly.
Oh well you might want to let the thousands dying in Ukraine not to use the guns until you have another fascist dictator who helps the Germans slaughter most of the continent.
[The Doox - Колискова \(Live\)]
Do you think it will still be OK to come or should I start worrying and search for another place to go
(I didn't experiment much as I'm a student)
In fact he is conducting wars for several years now.
Should we start redrawing borders based on demographics?
The story focuses on Pro-Russian Separatists shelling a Ukrainian city, which did not happen.
I guess you're meaning the [bottom right]
* [**Живчик/Zhyvchyk**] - apple soda with 1 ml of apple juice to justify its mentioning in the ingredients
The various beautiful villages I see posted on this sub have convinced me so.
Lithuanian-Russians do not immigrate to Russia, there are better countries in Europe to choose from.
I think that was his point, Russia has pretty much got away with annexing Crimea and sending military and equipment into Ukraine.
Lmao, that pfp, I thought nobody knows this guy outside of CIS
I mean, people like to talk shit, you know
Evil is subjective, everyone is evil (or something), you all invaded Ukraine too.
Crimea, sure, but Ukraine was never going to let them democratically determine their own status.
Doesn't matter when it was said, it was said, and futhermore it has been acted on.
Do you really think any one of these makes sense?
Crimea is a done deal IMO, and they actually have a case for it since it was very recently and very artificially joined to Ukraine and has an overwhelming Russian population.
He appeased Putin from day one with his "restart" of relations that included abandoning the rocket shield and radars in Poland, among other things, sending clear signals to Putin that he has a weak president to deal with in Washington and can do shit like Ukraine.
Basically, European level prices for very not European level service
And in the region in general, look how many refugees we've had from Ukraine in Poland, Slovakia, Czechia and so on.
These lands were added to Russian territory during the Soviet period just like Crimea was added to Ukraine.
Also, our memes usually making grammar mistakes and lowering overall quality on purpose
We have those [hot beverage kiosks] in public places
[Ukraine] Polish memorial honoring victims of Galicia genocide was blown up and painted with nazi UPA and SS symbols
we are in peculiar possition where media propaganda is not even needed.
Would Ukraine and Belarus agree to give back the lands they received from USSR in 1945 that were stolen from Poland?
> Is the parto of Zelensky going to take part
This annoys us so much
Think during the last 2 centuries there is no other country has changed borders as often as Russia by using military power.
Even the dubbing has a few of his catchphrases
Ukrainian
They had social and professional relationships with their neighbors, but the Haskalah only ever affected a very small element of the Jewish population, specifically the urban wealthy Jews.
Ideally located near rich prosperous countries (Germany!) and far away from problems.
It happens between any languages that you use fairly regularly, and the wolf you feed more grows fatter
I was talking about Ukraine
no /r/TIGHTPUSSY ? shame
Being against Russias actions clearly hasn't been enough.
Russia Snubs Croatia's Peace Initiative on Ukraine ::
Which is even weirder when you consider people in current Western Poland are mostly (though not all) descendants of the former "Polska B" inhabitants, which is currently in Ukraine/Belarus/Lithuaina.
Be aware - this might be the first sign that russia, after having won the US election and achieved major goals in syria, turns to Ukraine again.
We also call asian style cooked duck a Beijing style duck and this is considered a delicatessen
Yes, as u/hesapmakinesi told, caffeine may for short periods of time increase your blood pressure which is already high because of sauna
Nich - Ніч
Realpolitik cannot exist without moral relativism.
coup d'etat but it was to gain power, not ot hold
But as far as I know, most people in cities either buy water or refill it on some kind of public spring (especially in the region of the Carpathian mountains)
Though I only add it to meat/salad/coffee, I'm not drinking it on it's own
This poll form October 2016, among other things, asked people what they think are reasons for sanctions on Russia.
If they want to take something from the fridge, they just ask
Not much, at least since 2014
Ukraine Must Make Painful Compromises for Peace With Russia
I don't see why the Dutch should be able to block it for all the rest of us.
Also, Plarium has a big office in Kharkiv, so Raid: Shadow Legends is partly Ukrainian
I remember buying a kilogramme of the same cheese back in 2008 for 40 hryvnia
It's not a compliment that the US has a similar homicide rate to Russia and a country in a civil war.
My dad calls it "*where the king goes to without his entourage*".
However, Crimea is an autonomous republic within Ukraine able to enact its own statutes.
Maybe they were just being nice
* Center of city mostly safe and clean
Sounds like Renzi, it's more about strategy than being a friend of Putin.
Belarus will continue to be a Russian puppet
Literally no one has only ugly apartment blocks.
This is not about Ukraine, it's about Russian posturing and geopolitical goals.
So I'm going to go ahead and lean on his knowledge and understanding of the subject.
I use two handwriting styles: regular cursive and a much more compact print-like handwriting
For these languages, punctuation is almost as important as grammar, especially for a linguist or journalist, etc
Unfortunately Trump is going to come in with his cabinet full of Russian plants and remove the sanctions on their mother Russia, so this is just going to make Europe look weak and divided.
But what will stop them from overstaying and working for cash which will make them more than they would ever make at home?
Pro-russian side started bloodshed.
I'm from Bila Tserkva, which used to be owned by Polish noble family of Branytskyi
Those aren't geographically or culturally close to...Each other?
What I believe are Russia's goals with Ukraine and Syria:
If they people are free then they too are free to reshape their government.
yes
For a Ukrainian, it's not obvious, actually
They respect your military neutrality, but not Ukraine's territorial sovereignety?
First of, it was USSR in Afghanistan, not Russia, which ironicly included Ukraine at the time.
Anyone else feels that way...?
Kyiv
In 2010 I did my first solo trip to Europe.
Things might be run efficiently there for once.
Imperialism, historical revisionism, suffocating internal discontent with a foreign policy victory, slowly destroying the European security system, bringing back Russia as a regional superpower, stopping Ukraine from joining EU/NATO etc.
Elderly people usually boil the water or don't care at all
We have a country now
For us Western involvement in the coup at independent and sovereign country is as unacceptable, as Crimean referendum to the West.
And our plane is at 7AM
Men work outside the house and women are in the house, and everyone is exhausted equally
Ukraine is just abusing its host status to stir up a political scandal
Military conflict in Belarus would be catastrophic for Russia, Belarussian intelligence would go full regalia if they would even smell some little green men coming and started arresting everyone they even suspected with cooperation.
Ukraine has the most fertile lands in Europe, huge and well urbanized population, lots of natural resources, acces to a sea and yet still they are poor as fuck.
What about us
Is anyone surprised
All other European partners will be fine if they will bring defense spending up (Romania has already said to spend 2%), perhaps some trade re-negotiations here and there.
To be replaced by far-right populists or non-funny clowns like M5S?
Yes, the lead character and their stories are shit.
UPA is the result of decades of oppression.
Australia and Oceania are 1
But you know, it's all jokes until *some eastern neigbour* desides that your country is too independent
Hutsul = Rusyn = Ukrainians
It does explain why Sweden,Finland,Kosovo,Bosnia,Ukraine or Russia are so ready to fight,they all have credible threats to national sovreignty.
Does Putin count
I'm fine with different currency as long as everywhere my domestic card is accepted
Everything
Palestine is a pseudo-entity that's not a full UN member.
Pinchuk is associated with Kuchma
> Привіт, мене звати Джон, приємно познайомитися. Звідки Ви?
This reminds me metro between Stormwind and Iron Forge :D
I also grew up in the countryside so had more access to different types of poultry than an average city dweller
What's about Walloon and Flemish
Are you from Ukraine yourself too?
In short, we have two separate classes:
Couldn't say better
Especially Ukraine and Russia lol
Or Russia would have to create puppet states, starting inevitable Somalization of Ukraine (or, if you want, ISIS-isation), with permanent war, roving bands of marauders, warlords and so on.
I don't know how you'd get there easily from where you are (flights from Kiev, Warsaw or Vienna - none of these are exactly convenient for you), but Lviv in western Ukraine is a fantastic city.
In conclusion, our language is bullshit, I can rant on and on about why it's retarded, I love my language and I'm sorry for writing this giant wall of text
He got Crimea, destabilized Ukraine, took control of Syria.
If I want to reply, I quickly scroll down to see if there's someone replying for Ukraine and if I can add something to their reply instead of typing the same thing
War on three fronts (Africa, large Eastern European, and some relatively passive till 1944 Western Front), having a delusional leadership that cared more about the extermination of population than winning a war
I think it isnt the case with high end realty but cant say for sure coz i havent really payed attention to prices of this segment back then.
It never was part of Ukraine, it was autonomous region with its own laws and government until late 90-s.
Whichever territory Russians occupy (even if it wasn't bloody) start lagging in everything behind free countries.
To study their children in Ukrainian schools with their mother languages at best as foreign.
US military treaties are never limited to the current administration which creates them.
Sarajevo and Belgrade
large cities are indistinguishable from average European city (except abundance of ads I think)
it is for the sake of law not people.
(Ukraine borders Belarus, but its TV has never been broadcasted here)
> Today at 4 o'clock a.m., without any claims having been presented to the Soviet Union, without a declaration of war, German troops attacked our country, attacked our borders at many points and bombed from their airplanes our cities
I wrote this in comments below but i find this very importaint, so i'll put it here also.
Let me know if you have questions.
Why do you even bother to post on this subbredit if you're eternally against any dialogue with either country, and given your attitude, probably have minor gripes of one kind or another with all the other European nations.
The American culture is just very close to ours because it's all founded here in Europe.
But I’ve heard about the statue:) Thanks
Der Butt-Stürmer trilogy is my favourite.
Georgians have either arrested or banished 99% of the criminals that caused the rampant crime in the 90s.
Pfff, $10.000 and some evidence just "gets missing", judge sees your good character and you get one year suspended sentence.
It's also around the level of Spain, which although struck with crisis, had 18 years on us as part of the EU and a much more peaceful transition to a fully capitalist economy.
PS: Dnipro was the highway to the richest and most developed countries of its time (Byzantine Empire, Mediterranean countries) so it naturally became the most important trade road in a region
Same goes for us
Meanwhile we stop building shit and massively move to Poland and probably every second worker on these sites is ukrainian
Is that something that would spund outlandish considering the size of Rus'?
_Of our homes
We are your neighbours yet you didn’t even mention us, greetings from Transcarpathia, Ukraine
I can travel without passport in many European countries, not necessarily EU countries, like Moldova, Norway, Serbia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Macedonia, and probably Ukraine and Switzerland, though I never tried in these two yet.
Oh, here we go again
Not even Russian want to be affiliated with Russians.
He's as set as one can get robbing a huge territory rich in oil, natural gas, diamonds, wood, etc for 20 years
Nazism is emotionally driven, and I am the enemy
Which is why there are not many Ukrainian asylum seekers here.
And yes, we don't have a word for "sibling" as well
Zakarpattia Oblast
Ukraine on the other hand is in the midst of a civil war and is worse off than under communism in many regards.
Yanukovich wasn't "pro-Russia", please stop that.
This has been underestimated by many western forces in the last decade and that's why they are trying to catch up.
Reflexive pronouns are *yourself, myself,* etc
No free education
And no, there was no certainty that they would have otherwise kept their port and base.
" (i.e., how do you feel
How many have died in the sea ?
Russian
We laugh about the Swiss calling police about neighbor's hedges trimmed not to village code but I would so much like to magically inject a 1/10 of that into the national mentality here
As some people have mentioned, the Zaporozhian Sich
This is what olgino bots smear all over russian-speaking internet mixed with sexual insults.
I thought Russian forces in the East of Ukraine started the war
Amsterdam
i.e eastern Ukraine, Turkey, Kosovo, etc..
Or all the central Asian Republics.
Why is it so popular in Romania
Belarus is already poorer than all of its neigbhours, except for Ukraine.
> roaming charges
My argument at the time was that the treaty contains a bunch of anti-corruption, transparency, legal harmonisation etc.
A recent poll by Russian *state-owned* public opinion research center VTSIOM showed that **only 1% of Russians believe their country was complicit in MH17 disaster.** One in a hundred respondents believed that Russian special services had been behind the shoot down.
Honestly, I think most of the warnings about the area are outdated and/or blown out of proportion and obviously have no hesitations about visiting Moldova or Transnistria, and I would probably make any decisions about the east of Ukraine once I was on the ground and could talk to locals.
Romania and Bulgaria were plenty controversial for the same reason and it honestly may have been a bit soon.
Russia buys off Ukrainian leadership, which makes unpopular move to dump EU and make trade arrangement with the Russia.
The same goes for Mearshimer, and the later argues that a sovereign state should be used like a buffer state by the west/US to satisfy Russia.
USSR fell apart because even it's leaders knew it was a joke of a state.
They say that people of Crimea also fleed from central government that opressed them
ITT: your whole life was a lie
There aren't going to be any land wars in Europe in the future.(Ukraine got fucked because they weren't in NATO).
How many people were protesting in Paris when George Floyd died
And I didn't death threat you, I merely hope you will change the way you perceive russians when the collaborationism law goes into effect
For example the recent events in Ukraine just make me sick.
Overdrinking is not respected
I wouldn't put all those news sources on the same footing, but if we take the most reputable one in the list, BBC, they are not perfect of completely bias-free, but that does not make them a mindless propaganda outfit.
Many Ukrainians have Cossack nicknames as surnames
Ukraine accepting a neutral position would be ridiculously stupid.
How many Serbian fighters coming back from Ukraine have been prosecuted?
* [Example 3]
* Pollution
Haha, *you* have a sense of doom?
If you think it's ridiculous that we are sending armored brigades to eastern Europe, I agree.
Also for /u/CrocPB
If anyone ask how much I make a year I'll have to make a pause to calculate it, since we always measure salary by month
As much as I'd love to include all of the drawings, I was afraid the map would be too messy
I use commas and other punctuation the way I'd use it in Ukrainian or Russian
And according to you guys Ukraine is your backyard.
Kyiv historically was the center of our lands because of the natural benefits which it gives to people who live here
I say they refuse to fight for regime.
Not that I'm disputing Jamala's win, it was all fair,
With our country, we don't have that much people that may need a second nationality, because, apart from Russians and Polish guys, we're pretty pure nationality-wise
The Ukraine sees the art as possession of the state.
But there can be little benefit for Ukraine in diplomats being killed, even if it's caused a small amount of pain for someone who caused a great deal.
How I see it
Fine, really
I wish i had a countryside place to live, people around me keep ignoring the quarantine, dont wear masks, public transport filled with people, my city is in red zone now (thats the maximum 'oh shit' level of zone possible), our local hospitals already 60% occupied, our local mayor said literally ignore the quarantine and forget about it, despite the city being in red zone they don't close anything, even the night clubs still open and filled, all because they have local elections in a week and all the candidates roam around the blocks and gather people to listen to their pre elections bullshit, each one of them didnt' even say a word about how they will fight pandemic
Putting RSFSR aside, Ukraine was the only former Soviet republic that was profitable
- tons of new Ukrainian music, books, shows (on YouTube), and other interesting projects
You can get 3-5 cinnamon buns or 5-10 cinnamon powder bags(~10-35 grams) here for 10 NOK worth of money
Victoria Nuland was fired by the White House a couple months ago, without her and her cookies no revolutions for now.
It was definitely worth to ask for AC
An absurd example would be the father of my acquaintance who used to drink heavily and posed a threat to his relatives
99% agree that we're eastern Europe and 99% are unaware of the fact we or any other country is supposed to be butthurt about it
Add in NATO special forces and I suspect you'll be hearing about a cessation of hostilities soon that will hold.
The Ukraine isn't even a real country, Putin is teaching them their place.
* Second Maidan, of 2013-2014 - pro-democratic massive not so peaceful protests, called Revolution of Dignity
inform me then,Russia took Crimea and sponsored separatists in eastern Ukraine to safeguard ethnic russians living there right.
ITT: your whole life was a lie
People have accents and melodies from their native languages, and after they've managed to acquire a native-like pronunciation, their sentences may retain bits of their native grammar or vocab
> Titushky adopted the strategy of blending into a peaceful crowd or mob and then instigating a violent fight between them which always lead to arrests of peaceful protesters on the grounds of mass disorder; perpetrators were then used either as "witnesses" of the committed "crime" or as "victims". During the events in Ukraine in 2013-2014 known as Euromaidan, they became a collective term for provocateurs and thugs hired by the Party of Regions and law enforcement agents in civilian clothing
Is it about Crimea or other regions of Ukraine?
Not many people like post modernist architecture.
Ukraine has been made an example of what could happen if Kazakhstan, Belarus or others decide to seek integration with the West.
Dumplings in civilised Russia and barbaric Ukraine
At least, the official ones
They've also been genetically influenced by the slavs, but are undoubtedly mostly Romanian.
* [Glory to winners] known as Glory ("Слава/Slava") - another great summer variety, juicy and mostly sour, but with some sweetness and, just like Doneshta, a hint of vanilla
2 days later when the punitive action began being committed by up to 500 persons unit of SS and auxiliary police, the partisans were just observing; there was no order to step in (most of partisans were local, from surrounding villages)
Even if you had previously multiple entry visa, you still can get rejection or single entry visa for exact time period you requested, so FUCK ME if I want to change my plans!
I will also avoid Ukraine (except Lemberg) and Turkey.
lawmakers want Russia sanctions over hacking, Ukraine, Syria
So, we started to look for a police station and we learned that this bug city doesn’t have a police stations in all districts — it’s like 4 or 5 of our them in total
But we both have to admit - we've had it all wrong.
However, there are not so bad and quite modern private kindergartens, schools, unis, etc
I do agree about it looking like Eastern Hungary though - areas of Romania with Hungarian minority also look the same
If they don't, then it's pointless for the US to be in NATO, and the US becomes an unreliable ally even to non-NATO US allies (Japan, SK, Taiwan).
No accession talks or membership of the EU or Schengen in any way or form.
Ukrainian President: Finland and Ukraine both face external threat
There is no real basis to this accusation.
This just in: "Russia says Ukraine is 'obsolete' "
Ukraine did not do everything to help the investigation, on the contrary, their military offensive close to the crash site greatly complicated and endangered the investigation.
There were some talks in our politics that Crimea also should be cultural autonomy of Crimean Tatars after the de-occupation, but I doubt that will become possible even when the peninsula will be free
If I was PM of Romania, I would set up a meeting with the PM of Ukraine to discuss closing the Moldovan border for a month or so, just to remind this dumbass and the retards who voted for him that they're fucking with the wrong people.
Such claims haven't even been made by the most fucked up propaganda outlets in Russia nor their proxy republics in Ukraine.
Sunce slobode sada nam sviće
Maybe because of pretty similar history
What are your objections to Ukraine's actions here?
Armenia's case is a bit different though, with the difference mainly coming from the fact that it's sandwiched between two states that won't hesitate to destroy it and is in need of constant protection
Thank you for your answers guys, I considered my chances and was able to change my ticket for Macedonia
To illustrate production improvements, here's our pop diva Tina Karol in 2011:
Eurovision entries are surely second to that :)
Some of their songs that I like:
The idea of secession was totally Russian.
They do exist - for example Russians in Estonia or Muslims in 'Yanmar are not entitled to citizenship in their countries of birth or anywhere else.
Like I stated before, I support free Ukraine.
Looks like Yanukovich & co has run out of money, they're saving even on killers.
I’ll wait for pogroms
Does anyone have some opinion/insight on how Germans do that?
On one of our visits of Amsterdam one of our passports were stolen late in the evening
You cannot be illegal immigrant if you are from same state
I love this
>Companies are required to serve people in Ukrainian
[Sabaton created a song about this] even :)
Artists, scientists, politicians are either dance to his tune or expect the consequences
It's not a fear against russians in general.
The Donbass is both leverage for Crimea and the way to keep NATO out of Ukraine.
The overwhelming majority of Jews in Poland/Lithuania/Ukraine were clearly not integrated.
You're like quoting KiselevTV bullshit only heard and 'approved' on russian state TV channels about horrible nazi Ukraine and evil Eurogays and fascist US.
At least we would be able to travel to Tokyo Olympics like everybody else.
My only problem with D66 is their referendum fetish.
Not too hard
The translation reads like a document with first and foremost information and then all the decorative and emotional stuff that the translator chose to include
Norway is worried about increasing Russian military tensions in the area, not environmental policies, the article says nothing about environmental policies.
Polish Foreign Ministry slams vandalisation of WWII monument in Ukraine
If it's true, we just spend more time on it
Also completely disregarding how the Russian alphabet comes from bulgaria and the origin of russia from Ukraine.
Why don't you write an article on how the crimean referendum was staged and how a crony of Putin and by extent the russian government caused the 2013 riots in Ukraine.
Centrist, probably
Being kind is not the same as being weak or not confident
you can really see the war in Ukraine **was** was no joke
I live in Kiev and we have a similar one, so its story begins as one architect realises that by the construction rules walls of a building don't have to be perfectly parallel, you may have as much as 6 degree slant between any two walls
I really can't see any conceivable way we'll be withdrawing from the Baltics, regardless of what Trump might want.
Borshch, varenyky, pies, porridges, were common, as long as people's harvest wasn't taken from them
But today Orban and Putin are big buddies united against Ukraine which currently in the existential confrontation with Russia just as Hungry was once
There’s Something Very Weird Happening Inside Russia’s Cybersecurity World
1) There will be integrated western Europe, integrated Intermatium and then weak Russia 2) integrated western union ends on current eastern polish borders, similiar to the shape of napoleonic Europe and then there's stronger Russia, probably having Baltics and of course Ukraine.
* **KHAYAT** - a young folk electronic artist who also was on Vidbir to Eurovision:
Wikileaks starts working against him.
It's hard to believe that only 30 years ago it was stuck in it and now it's one of Europe's most progressive countries
If Russia succeeds in such a takeover of a NATO state then the alliance is done.
No matter what's the quantity of those millions
Nuclear weapons, missile shield to defend against nuclear weapons, North America and basically all of Europe militarily and politically allied, Russia having to deal with a serious economic crisis while fighting wars in Ukraine and Syria, absence of totalitarian expansionist ideologies etc.
IMO, it's the same as arguing that nazis weren't nazis because a real definition of national socialists says something else
It is in general accepted, but considered teen-ish
For the anti-Ukrainian statements in the social network, two residents of Slavyansk sentenced to 5 years in prison
But in my language you can determine spelling by hearing in most cases, if only English work this way
Diplomacy works when you have something to back up your words.
yeah because if you criticise Russia on Russian sites you might end up in prison
Yes, like you can influence mainstream media on the topic of forgetting Ukraine
But any Russian liberal, or Russian turns in to Imperial when topic of Ukraine comes up
It's a common thing for most expats.
On one occasion I started replying in Russian, and she said something like "why do you make me walk this uncanny valley
* services are mostly on every step
Every one is dependant on others
And Pinocchio is his name, right
Together with his brothers Schek and Khoryv and sister Lybid' he founded a settlement here
Ukraine is part of Europe and is currently in a treaty with the EU.
They also come closer to check what's up
Also the Duomo is so-so
Ukraine can't ignore its own laws and turn a blind eye to a person who broke them.
It Putin one of those billionaires you mentioned?
Many of these apartment blocks were built as temporary housing, and people still live in them
* irresponsible people - one of the example is when people adopt a dog, move to their summer houses("dacha") during the warm period and when it is over they just leave their dogs
So unspoken military threats is a way to keep countries from seeking closer integration with the EU.
bad roads
Online it also works vice versa, when you know an idiom from your native language, and someone writing in English uses a calque of this idiom
Can you imagine something that is made today that can still be used after almost 1000 years
And tried building own missile shield.
Of that you are aware of, because the 90s in Russia weren't rosy.
Yes, if you didn't pay attention
Oh, there’s no doubt that day we’ll see
Then the fact that soon after the German invasion the Soviet armies invaded the the territories of Eastern Poland (in one schoolbook they state that Poland was already defeated by then) and made them a part of the Soviet Union.
Our languages are so similar we understand each other when it's spoken and we don't have any quarrels
Even if the Dutch people voted for an exit out of the EU, I'd imagine the government would simply say: "screw that".
In chechnya they used "green man, which is not there" to start war.
The Ukraine is a failing country because of the economy
But *much more important* is that in the Budapest Memorandum Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons in exchange for Russia's recognition of the existing borders.
And they lost Crimea as a result.
Now we're not going to let Ukraine in and joining isn't all that attractive anymore in any case.
Be sure Taganrog all ukranians, all Kuban too, Green Triangle in Russia -
On the other hand staying in Moscow's shadow forever they will never make progress.
>suddenly
So it's less hassle for Russia in the end, but I feel sorry for the girl.
Yeah, we haven't heard all that Intermarium bullshit for a few days already.
Polish is hard to understand but you can get the gist
бабка - dragonfly (ukr) vs old woman (folksy rus)
There should be a plan with requirements and benchmarks.
love of Ukraine among the Crimean Tatars actually surprises me as Ukraine did not do anything at all for them
Or the way she just did with Ukraine.
They feel like they aren't taken into account enough, so they put their foot between the spokes to remind the leaders that they're still there.
That's why instead of trying to jail them here, we just deport them to Georgia.
I can't say that same about all of the others.
Wait, are you implying Kim Jong Un doesn't think of Best Korea's citizens daily and nightly?
Poland and Russia (and later the USSR)
Also with the amount of Unionists in the North it would cause more violence than there was during the Troubles.
It should be in some way because ukrainian news prevailed over russian in Russia for how long?
The obvious answer is the Ukrainian revolution 1917-1920, but also I guess that Khmelnytsky Uprising 1648–1657 had a huge effect on our identity
We call the day Masliana/Masnytsia/Kolodiy
This would make it easier to live for us all.
What is the evidence of Russian army/government involvement?
My dad calls it "*where the king goes to without his entourage*".
I've also heard great things about Ivano-Frankivsk, which is pretty much en route.
The EU was trying to appease and not confront Russia, sweep problems under the carpet (which has led to Ukraine btw)
This is just a casus where law declares something, for example "it's banned to have another citizenship", but makes no punishment or even mechanism to detect it.
And let me tell you, Belarus is fucking *clean* in every sense — you won't see a drunk on the street, everything is spotless, no 'graphic pollution' like ads on the streets, kebab spots and shitty coffee-trucks (it's porbably hard to explain to a European, so you can just [look] at how Kiev is today
Everyone stood up and said the pledge with their hand on their hearts til were Graduated HS.(some without their hands on their hearts but still stood up).
An early apple variety which is very common in Ukraine
Moldova/Transnistria, Georgia/Abkhazia, Nagorno Karabakh etc.
The grammar is kinda confusing for many people because of the amount of suffixes and prefixes
The small bag of crisps I mentioned in the OP used to cost 3 hryvnia back before our economy got fucked up thanks to a certain neighbour
Our history is biased as it was written mostly by catholic church, they like to think that they gave us country you know, like "priest came, boom, country".
This is somewhat correct but it's actually Eastern Europe that doesn't exist.
they can come and visit, but not really live/work without the adequate regular procedure.
...Is that meant to suggest that Italian communists were not as dangerous as I claimed they were
Also I'm sure wealth has something to do with it.
Note the difference between Georgia and Ukraine.
Russia limit their transgressions to "reclaiming" part of the Ukraine that they "lost" to the EU on account of a rebellion that we happily acknowledged and supported in spite of no votes being cast for the new regime.
Ukraine needs money from their new friends, now they are escalating the conflict to get more from EU or US.
• 882-1240 (Rus)
But poll doesn't even ask about leaving EU.
Icelandic is beautiful in a fairytale way
This is bullshit Polish propaganda!
And filling them with muscle limber
Can't be tolerant towards intolerance
Russia which is described as having a demographic crisis actually has a higher fertility rate than both Poland and Ukraine.
You have your regrets, you have your grudges but you don't want to continue the conflict
I should have written, until Russia gets out of Ukraine.
In my country you even can bring food and beer with you, as long as you not being too cocky with it.
It would be so kind of you to please not make us take drastic measures.
and this is the question of time and experience.
As someone living in "Bad results", that hits home ತ_ʖತ
Ukraine is not in NATO, NATO has nothing to do with Ukraine or Crimea.
They're not using nukes in Syria...
It's also an opioid, but a different one, desomorphine.
"Lyakhi" is sometimes also used as a derogatory term in Russia/Ukraine/Belarus
Or our Goldman Sachs friend who claimed that we will be invaded like Ukraine...lol if it wasn't for the EU: still won't explain where were the russian tanks between 1989-2004, when we entered NATO in 2004?
Seems like a corruption scheme to me
The problem with Ukraine is Russia.
If someone breaks in, they're not getting caught.
Razumkov Centre, which did the same research, but with bigger sample and very different results.
So wait, TV in Poland is in Polish, TV in Czechia is in Czech, TV in France is in French, but saying "TV in Ukraine shoud be in Ukrainian" is suddenly neo-Nazi fascism?
I think the difference is negligible but I've found the best way to pick out an American in Kyiv is by their massive Patagonia logo
Not a critique of you, but it bugs me that this is so big a part of your planning.
Elderly people with symptoms related to their age may act weird in public, e.g. they talk to themselves, collect useless trash (hoarding), act agitated
Don't forget shooting artillery across international borders.
Look at [this map] of global soil types - everything "frigid" and above is next to impossible to grow sustainable year-round agriculture in (unless you REALLY like winter wheat, rye, and pickles and 1 person per 40 acres), and everything "Gelic" and above is forlorn wasteland that cannot naturally sustain conventional human habitation.
* [**Кисіль/kysil**] - a drink made with water, potato starch, fresh or preserved fruit, berries, rhubarb, sweetbrier berries, etc
the process of joining is very long.
What people said to me is quite diverse.
EU membership
Here it is what people get wrong now days, they rely on modern nationality perception, which is hugely false.
Countries with Russian minority are very vulnerable to a minority uprise or something like that, look at Moldova in the 90s, Ukraine now, it's amazing you made it into NATO at this point nothing should worry you anymore but Russians could always use their minorities as a reason to invade other countries (Poland in WW2) or to start an uprise and create small puppet states like Transnistria and DPR etc.
Then complaing about why there is so many refugees.
They described themselves as communists and since they pretty much set an example they are communist
For my eye, it's certainly Ukrainian
I would prefer the scenario in which we would just buy Sevastopol, and the rest of Crimea would stay in Ukraine.
You don't really need any advanced machinery for agriculture.
Looming [like a creep]
Might well be, in which case it's even more in another price class than the aluminium profile stuff
How it justifies invasion of Ukraine by Russia?
I'm not an Italian but I know all this persons
Dictators are usually not the most reasonable people
She broke the law, she got the punisment.
If we do nothing, the problem will get even worse even faster.
Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, and Moldova
Europe's eastern border is the Ural mountains, and "Eastern Europe" starts at the borders of Belarus and Ukraine - so the donbass is a bit south, but otherwise it's nearly dead-center of "Eastern Europe".
You say they have no room to retreat.
convicted for possession of firearms
If you open the article, you'll see that Burgenland and Hungary also left Hungary.
But who can/should do more to help Ukraine, and would it be wise to do it?
"Кохання" (kokhannia) is a love to a special person(man/wife/girlfriend etc) and "любов" (liubov) is a love in general, e.g.
[Go_A - Веснянка]
Yes, we did a little bit of cooking I'd say
Each language that uses Cyrillic has its own phonemes represented by the script
[Ukraine Today] did a very good article on this a couple of days ago.
Only an online shop
I don't remember your quote in *In Bruges*
Got me
PS: the village where my ancestors came from was owned by the Potocki family
Apparently, a second-third generation immigrant from a Slavic-speaking country
I feel almost sorry for you because putin and the oligarchs have just disgust for the brainwashed masses and see you as tools to stay in power and to steal from ordinary russians
Also, some coutry-side dialects sound a bit childish to my ear
Did you actually bother reading what I wrote.
We don't really have 'nationalism' in europe any more after the breakup of communist countries.
Could you imagine them having to chip in for EU military expenses?!
Belarus is just a country that tries to balance things between two worlds, even though they realized being close tied with Russia might be pain in the ass, as Russian actions in Ukraine show.
Then launched them in the quiet sea
Good job man
It should also be based on fraction of population owning cars.
normal Chechens didn't wanted independence
Maybe Hitler of 1933
And the present shows that Russia acquire land of other countries (Ukraine) despite having treaties signed in 90s and threaten others with frontier change and invasions.
Some of them will even have degrees in economy or law.
brave was on both sides
Ukraine is just a game and Russia is determined to win, if that takes turning the country to the stone age so be it.
It's in their culture
"*[[this dish] is Russian*" or "[*[this dish] is Polish*"
Many Russians miss the days of the USSR
Two-thirds said that Poland shouldn't accept refugees from the Middle East and Africa.
Three days ago Ukraine went full attack on all the directions.
Economic reasons were just facts that led people to understanding this.
«сосиска в тесте» is called “pigs in a blanket” or “sausage roll” in english as far as I can tell, hot dogs are a bit different
In 2014 Darth Vader even wanted to run for presidency, but got rejected by Central Election Commission because he denied to take his mask off
Й, і = and
Romania: nothing personal but the Carpathians would make an absolutely ideal place to live or go for a vacation if Romania was all sea
People don't set their priorities straight
The question is how, with the Ukraine problem.
Turkey is one symptom among many.
Our current president's electorate consisted mostly of this people
Don’t ask what hui means in Slavic languages
Try to live with russians 100 years, let them do what they want with you and than you will be like Ukrainians now.
It depends on a person: for me the feeling of being secure is important, I hate ambiguity; for those who remain, like many my friends, - not so much.
Oh no I didn't mean Polish people, I meant everybody else who cares about the situation will be gone by the end of the next week most likely, just like with Crimea, Hong Kong etc
can Russia afford to war with both of its neighbours and face much harsher sanctions?
A little off topic, but to me it's fascinating how quickly has Estonia got rid off soviet mentality completely
It wouldn't affect, but maybe we would be able to ask someone about was it really French spies who [burned half of Kyiv in 1811]
It's a fertile strip of land shared between 4 countries, so there are similarities, of course
So you deny that Ukraine is an extremely corrupt country?
Worked in Czechia for a year and in Poland for half a year.
North Korea is an open air prison, and it has death camps.
Dude, it's the title of an article from a website that basically posts fake news about Ukraine around the world.
Our state in the XVII century appeared because a Polish court denied one nobleman justice
"It's cold put on a warmer jacket/hat and don't forget the gloves"
As of now, the choice is usually between the Russian dub and the Ukrainian dub, which one comes sooner and has more appeal
ołów is lead (Polish), olovo is tin (Russian)
What are you talking about, Russia is completely predictable.
Sure, who cares about justice when you can just make excuses and pretend everything is fine.
When you order something from a business, whatever the size of the object is, it's always possible that they'll deliver it themselves
They just wanted to give the finger to the EU and the current government.
One of the hallmarks of Mikhail Gorbachev's glasnost was the open discussion of the misery and violence that was a part of everyday Soviet life, transforming the form and content of the nation's news coverage
I don’t know how, but grief for the victims of this genocide manages to mix in people’s heads with idolatry of soviet regime and this really sucks
People with really thick Ukrainian dialects generally don't know the standard version of our language or at the least struggle to speak it, while they have no problems with writing it
Never been there but yes there are really cool places at/near Carpathians
XVII: Cossacks era
I am sure there are Nazis in Ukraine who praise this act even if it is in the end a "false attack" but most Ukrainians would just be annoyed by this and don't care about historical rivalries with Poles which are just totally irrelevant today.
The problem is, of course, that Putin will be quite butthurt from such magic
For once those speakers aired something important.
You're right but I wouldn't bet my salary that our far right wing populists care about facts.
But the pronounce is weird imo
Of course, Stalin took ''good'' care of them through ethnic cleansing then brought in russians as colonists.
I think that's pretty unlikely.
Putin didn't need to steal it back, since they had legal lease to use it since '91.
What's the point of exposing to an occupation expenditures while rapidly gaining wrath in Western media?
Conjugating words can be a pain though
It's extremely uncommon in Ukraine.
[Dakha Brakha - The Monk]
While a minimal wage of €453 seems tiny in absolute terms, when expressed in PPS it puts us 2nd only to Slovenia among the new member states (bear in mind that Poland has the lowest price level index from all of the EU member states).
They are shown the empty shelves of european supermarkets.
Next time you'd tell, that guns don't kill people or drugs don't make people addicts!
Did you have any painful experience with Ukrainian women?
We've been practicing variants of hellenic architecture for thousands of years.
Ukraine army 'repulsed rebel attack' near Debaltseve in east
I never insinuated that Russia was on a moral high ground or anything btw, just that *even though* it comes with strings attached, a european trade block with russia would be much more profitable for european countries in the long run, based on the fact that Ukraine really has nothing much to offer us in return.
If you think listing a few European countries not in the EU but doing fine as evidence against the EU then Belarus, Ukraine, Serbia, Bosnia, Macedonia, would have to be taken into account as well.
That’s interesting
Ukraine is not so far from Romania for instance, and it's cheaper than going West...
_Offer we at freedom's call—_
This is better suited for /r/askhistorians.
Looks like the colors of Ukraine though xD
Dragon is "дракон/drakon", a more common name
I don't say we should have do the complete aggressive opposite but he is way to passive.
> Later it came under the control of the Grand Duchy of Moscow
Edit: people seem to be really upset about Wales, I definitely would have included Wales if someone had drawn a separate lo-fi girl for them
I think we should distinguish between nations and single citicens of these nations.
how about not spreading false information?
Russia has been screwing Ukraine for generations.
One could vote multiple times and for family members.
Luckily our people can freely leave Crimea and they are welcome to do so.
Nominative: Mariya Petrivna, Danylo Petrovych
Does celebrating that guy's death count as Russophobia?
So EU is a club for selected elite, not for *all* Europeans?
Shit like this will go on and no one will care about this until Russians will not destroy a city in Ukraine like they did in Syria with Alepo.
The question is to who the works need to be returned.
They are in fact hostages of Russian militants
Also the 1st of May is a day off so it moves from Saturday to Tuesday
That's a popular trick in russian propaganda.
>basically breaking internetional treaties about the rights of minorities
Decommunisation and all
Turkey and Azerbaijan are building the TAP/TANAP pipeline into Europe, operational in 2019.
8th most populous city in Ukraine.
Now it's the language in which one calls for a pale guy wearing elevated soles to "send in the troops".
They thought it might lead to accession to the EU, cost us lots of money, may lead to more visitors like the Romanians and Poles who are thought to take jobs and undermine mores, others feared the agreement may lead us to war with Russia.
[Old New Year] is also a thing
With some good Troyans whom he gathered
The trip to that unearthly place
If they are Ukrainian posesions of the state, then to Ukraine, of course.
From there things just escalated.
An SBU officer who was the Voronenkov's bodyguard.
However, couldn't Ukraine have gradually reoriented its trade ties and industrial links towards Europe?
The mouse never had "a lot of buddies" due to reasion that the mouse has been agressive towards its neighbours for hundreds of years.
**Lesya Ukrainka** (poet)
Trully no one cares about Makeevka for 50 year, it was dead city and before war.
Just because a bunch of people on reddit joke around doesnt mean regular people in Western Eu dont care whatsoever if bad shit goes down in the east.
Well, you described the way he became a president:
That's not political instability, that's called democracy
>stalinism but not communism
Also, of course we hate your government, not your people
How Putin became the Che Guevara of the Right
I find it a bit tactless to shout state secrets on the internets
Stupid climate
fine, they have "borrowed" one.
I've never been able to remember this word, but every time I see it on reddit I think "is it that weird ugly smelling fish
Their dumb referendum victory has made the Netherlands leaving EU less likely.
Nachtigall battalion - 400 people; Ukrainians in Red Army - 4,5 to 7 million according to various estimates (out of
but you can't sit on a Bidet with your AR15 on
Trump administration 'had a secret plan to lift Russian sanctions' and cede Ukraine territory to Moscow.
[YUKO - Водубьору]
You must understand that the situation looks very different when your country is actually right next to Russia, just like Ukraine and Georgia.
Shhhhhh
Apart from S.T.A.L.K.E.R.:
Do not act as superior
"Oh no ITER is horribly expensive just one sanity check before with a simple calculator would already be enough to decide to not try that in practice"
I think the lack of advanced farming machinery and lack of prosperity also tends to decrease productivity.
If I want to reply, I quickly scroll down to see if there's someone replying for Ukraine and if I can add something to their reply instead of typing the same thing
Getting closer with Russia is within the interests of oligarchs and poor old fucks who just don't know any better.
People become interested in politics and start consuming propaganda.
The fact that no one blamed the pilot along with the militants its because "muh Russia is evil Russia"
Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of her other realms and territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith, Protector of the Realm
Are you referring to Chechen fighters in the Ukraine conflict?
You just don't know our brainwashed naselenie
And we don't even have good weather.
Kosovo, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine is even hard to predict with the frozen conflicts, their internal politics don't help either.
Either the Kremlin has an unparalleled intelligence apparatus or really people just dont want to go to war over Ukraine
That's messed up
Which is why China has bought 5% of the land (3 million hectares) in Ukraine:
Social shaming
Us and Poland would benefit immensely in the long term if one of these two in a perpetual hammer-and-anvil situation were to disappear
I've been working on this over the past few weekends on-and-off, as a sort of creative outlet from my PhD!
Beijing - Пекін (Pekin) comes to mind
Poor people live in a house or apartment that still looks just like when it was first built and/or settled, but it's seriously worn out by time and due to lack of renovations
And europeans should be aware of importance of keeping this pressure.
>Slovaks say they "opened the doors"
Chilly - 0/5
I don't think it was on display for these past two years, generating income.
Russia, Belarus, Ukraine and Moldova would like a word with OP
And quite a Cossack for a lad,
No they are talking about Scythian gold.
Tbf that's not that odd
Beside the Bolsheviks where an enemy to every other European government while Tsarists Russia was their ally including and ally to France.
Countries are allowed to leave the NPT if the security situation changes significantly.
Where in Romania exactly
Is me or Poroshenko is really trying everything to alienate and being hated by ethnic Russians living in Ukraine?
Also, the majority of business websites usually have a fully-functioning Russian version which used to be the default one
So yes, Italian communists were absolutely a threat right after WW2, and the prospect of them crushing Italian democracy and turning Italy into a totalitarian Soviet satellite/ally were very real
Talking saved Ukraine for example.
Why
[Oh my God] you weren't kidding
Military action initiated by Russia.
I’m about an elevator
I'm disappointed in the result.
East-West split is easily observable in Ukraine.
It still wouldn't work without end goal declaration.
Probably also has a lot to do with the GDR and that even west German parties were and are more sympathetic to Russia than Americans Die Linke (former SED) are pretty big fans of Russia and the Social Democrats, whilst not supporting Russia in Ukraine, are more interested in saving relations with Russia than others.
You really think Russia would let Ukraine join NATO or even the EU?
The idea behind both is that it would be better for NATO for them to expand their sphere of influence.
If it's a quite similar face, but narrower, with a longer chin and overall smaller features, I suspect an Austrian
McCain visits frontline Ukraine troops in anti-Putin gesture
However, beans Vs meat is the main war in my area
be done a long way ago and especially help them with job permits to escape the war), what I think thebeginningistheend is implying is that, no matter what - the opposition WILL find a way to twist this information and sell it as a scandal.
They are in the middle of Europe
Having been to CZ and Odessa on holiday I was surprised to see Dekuju for Ukraine.
They distanced themselves from conflict.
I think, most popular ending is “ія” (Франція [France], Португалія [Portugal], Швеція [Sweden], Іспанія [Spain] and so on)
Russia is also richer than poor Ukraine.
10 helicopters flying is not an invasion, but if thats the best you can do..
&#x200B;
* The structure of an average person's name:
I have some Italian ones like this too
If not in ukraine, then it will be semewhere else, maybe to the west of it.
Edit: I expand on the parent reply explaining how the concept of WWII was replaced with the Great Patriotic War in the USSR and how it was presented to the public
I don't like the idea of Poroshenko staying for a second period though.
Now the default one has to be in Ukrainian, and then you can switch
I don't want to undermine Ukraine's plight, but, if Putin was willing to transfer a couple million shlim-shlams in my bank account, I'd be trotting to the tune of yablochko right in the middle of Simferopol for 24 hours straight.
There is [OSCE Monitoring Mission] on the ground in Ukraine which produces daily reports.
When you call, e.g, your internet provider, the initial addressing is in Ukrainian, then they allow you to press 1 for Ukrainian, 2 for Russian, and 3 for English
Canada renews military commitments to Ukraine
Speaking and reading Russian will help you a lot so there's that.
We need to make sure they never get the chance to challenge our supremacy in the Pacific.
Ukraine Agreed to a Monsanto “Land Grab” to Get a $17 Billion Loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
What's really interesting is that it's a second high level resignation that mentions [Ihor Kononenko] as someone who prevents reforms.
Actually, save for Ukraine and Belaru (which is already under pseudo-Russian gov't), ALL bordering nations are EU/NATO.
In words of John Oliver: "Ukraine, Russia's fastest growing import"
Are you implying there's something wrong with copious amounts of grilled/fried/...
Serbia is going to war and the powderkeg is exploding once again
So going back to Bordeaux, "Бордо" as a noun signifying the region in France has neutral gender
On my phone, it's usually some anime stuff
I think the doll symbolizes winter
But then he understood that 75% tax is not that bad compared to life in Russia.
A couple reasons: First, it's in the EU, which means that things like English education, road/transport conditions, etc.
That no matter how complicated are our relations, we still need more and not less dialogue.
Our combat divisions did not take part in the Holocaust, and so it's thought of that the Right Sector people are simply nationalists coming from a nation under siege by our last-century oppressors.
In this case you are not thinking even one step ahead.
Belarus will continue to be a Russian puppet
I'll concede the constitutional definition, but to the best of our knowledge, that's about it.
Half of reason why half of the Ukraine is pro-Russia is because people poor.
So that's why Russia is invading Ukraine.
Dude, do you think I know what was on mind of that madman
net] art from r/europe's Lo-Fi challenge
Logic is simple: armed radical Ukrainian nationalists were among active participants of their coup.
It can be a topic up to discussion.
That's a good one
Owners of radio stations got butthurt because they played low-quality Russian pop music and were fine with that and didn't want to change anything
Serving content costs money
So two series Home Alone and Harry Potter
Especially the nothern ones, since that's the Chornobyl zone.
* **Alina Pash**
I would not want your old teachers Facebook to begin with, teachers can be biased, and I dont know Icelandic.
>basically breaking internetional treaties about the rights of minorities
But that is not enough
Not strong, still someone seems this as ok
Happy to hear, that means that I made the right choice when picked those who are known by anyone who had at least some contact with Ukrainian culture
Haha, no one wants to be Easter European, not even eastern europeans.
Only there they just drive across the border, no need for planes.
You should be understood, although I highly recommend learning a bit of phrases like "Thanks", "Hi" and "Please" in Ukrainian, etc, at least.
Are there people which understand that starting a war is the biggest sin people can do?
Gopniks
On PC, I use my screenshots from Forza Horizon 4 as wallpapers
If so then it's Ukraine's by right of heritage.
> Titushky adopted the strategy of blending into a peaceful crowd or mob and then instigating a violent fight between them which always lead to arrests of peaceful protesters on the grounds of mass disorder; perpetrators were then used either as "witnesses" of the committed "crime" or as "victims". During the events in Ukraine in 2013-2014 known as Euromaidan, they became a collective term for provocateurs and thugs hired by the Party of Regions and law enforcement agents in civilian clothing
And a couple hours before that what now is Greek flag was a battlefield between red and blue
Nah, we prefer to turn it straight into a passive-aggressive verbal " skirmish ",sadly, but most of the surrounding countries still live by the past and with one we still enemies, like it was in the past
Putin seems to forget that Russia didn't own Crimea first or last.
And there I was looking for alternative tree ideas
[Fahle] [woodcrafters workshop] Now from the rest of Europe.
Citizen opposition starts with protests in front of the legislature that become increasingly-violent.
The pictured tanks are obviously a Panther, a StuG (early version?
For the captured soldiers, the Russian government is claiming they went there on their own, taking a vacation from their millitary work.
All children and teens being slender
Get into a fight over the food with Russia claiming that it didnt take anything
Thou there's a difference betwen what i would like to see and facts.
A far-Left councillor, Clémentine Autain, visited “Au Jockey Club” after the TV broadcast and posted a photograph on Twitter on Tuesday that showed her sipping coffee at the bar.
In this case, you need to find some road (with a map or by listening) and head towards it to see some roadsigns, ask the bypassers in cars or even hitchhike
It's a stray cat of apples, rather small and juicy, grows everywhere including forests
Ukraine
Demarcation is still an ongoing topic, but that is purely technical.
And all this wasn't even meant to be in our language initially because we just apply our rules to foreign words by doing that
Anyone have a map of Ukraine and Georgian parts that are annexed.
Everyone talks about the Ukraine and Syria, less time for domestic issues.
I heat my house in village with wood when it's cold outside, my neighbours do same , so probably this is typical situation for ukrainian village or even small towns
Mainly because I feel like the rest of Europe doesn't view us as Europeans either.
I find it a bit tactless to shout state secrets on the internets
Only $4.6 billion instead of 22 billion.
Well, first of all Crimea was annexed by Ukraine and no one gave a flying fuck.
They're not as snobby as the French.
I'm not actually a Putin sympathizer or anything and I get that the situation in Russia is bad for anybody who actually cares about civil liberties and whatnot but if you take a look at Russia internationally it has annexed part of Ukraine without larger repercussions and effectively split Europe over it, the country is asserting itself in the Middle-East, (the Iran-Iraq-Syria axis is slowly driving the US out of the region, especially the Iraq turn towards Russia is hugely awkward) and with their cheap propaganda efforts they even turned the US upside down.
Ukraine for other hand is distinctly young state with still many unsolved problems after fall of CCCP.
who said anything about glorification lmao
Yes, just like Russian "volunteers" are fighting against the Ukrainian forces in Eastern Ukraine.
You can support Putin's actions in Syria but not his actions in Ukraine.
\> Had it been under nazi rule for another 10 years it would be empty space populated by ethnic Germans
Yes, area around Chernobyl
Without mobile internet access, with severely limited unstable broadband, and no media but state media, it gives a huge edge to the police on the streets
'The Italy', 'The Germany', 'The France' etc.
Mostly it's name is a matter of subject.
We do appreciate *any* help in screwing up our government and Russia) And we love Joe Biden)
This is not the case when some nation wants independence.
While i like the idea, Belarus and Ukraine together couldn't really stop Russia, and the EU didn't really go out of their way to help them until now....
I don't think it does, but according to the same stats that say that Sweden has a higher rape than Moldova, Ukraine, Albania, etc.; those same stats will have Sweden above third world countries as well due to how poorly the rapes are recorded there and how differently rape is recorded in Sweden.
We are quite different from Ukraine and Belarus.
I did just quickly check, when it was - I saw different dates.
This answer, while technically correct, is also completely useless.
Our government recently introduced the first comprehensive app in the world for e-Documents
You break the law - you get punished.
He tried to write it in Ukrainian
брись звідсіля
Also the economy was artificially propped up by foreign currency, nothing but a big charade, a curtain of a sort that covered the actual state of the economy.
The biggest issue for us is that it strains our relationship with Russia really badly (probably a bad thing to say to an Ukrainian).
Hroysman, the grandson of a Holocaust survivor, is PM in Ukraine too
Tie your kingdom please, there are minors here, Jesus!
Yeah, but now it is called just "Brest"
And bad period doesn't mean we don't romanticize the struggle during the given period
Too spicy for him
Poland
Because you know comrade, every nationalism that is not Russian nationalism is basically Hitler.
except that wolf is real and he ate Ukraine's left leg.....
for throwing their corrupt leader..
This isn't about laws being enforced by a global police force.
yes, lot's of people live in the world, created by russian media.
So, the longer the sanctions are present, the less effective they are.
I think Crimea voted 8 times to leave Ukraine and join Russia in the past decade, so it's hard to make an argument they should be returned to Ukraine.
Excuse me, where did I slammed her?
They already did invade two countries (Ukraine and Georgia) in the last decade so your argument isn't very compelling.
Looks like a metro map
I mean, if you fully support every separatist movement in your country it is okay
China and Russia need each other but calling them "allied" is an exaggeration.
Too bad hers doesn't make much sense unlike the ones shes copying.
Back then, it was all "Don't fight, let's be friends, agreements, agreements will stop them!!"
I was on a trip to Gran Canaria and Tenerife two weeks ago.
Is it still a thing in Russia
Are we sure that's a good question?
> incredible haircuts
For me it is
That's not *really* outside the UK though :P but yeah in my case my children will be born/adopted in Ukraine and Romania.
If millions die, that’s only statistics.”
I don't think so
Ukraine is not an ally we aren't going to fight a war with Russia to protect their border regions.
Who cares
So two series Home Alone and Harry Potter
Do you have any idea how literally right you are
Macedonia is the only country that split from Jugoslavia in a complete democratic way, without firing a single bullet.
Ukraine imposes language quotas for radio playlists - BBC News
Does a small t in Cyrillic look like an m?
That name is already trademarked by Russia
Moldova, Ukraine and Belarus were (in this part of the world)
I think it would be America (especially) for western Europe, because of their cultural imperialism; we all eat their mcdonalds, watch their series, visit their websites like google, etc...
Its politicans failed a lot harder than anybody in the West.
I like the most blaser Lille e Rose from Blasercafe as I understand
US didn't sell these to Ukraine, US gave them to Ukraine, including the free training in Alabama.
>Which do you think your country prefers
What's with this map (not) painting the lakes in Ukraine but not Sweden?
Sarajevo and Belgrade
You use a lot of words that are considered "old" here and not really used anymore, but are still understood
But Crimea was russian for more than 200 years.
Each joke has a piece of truth :) Could you add more details in it
what is the most correct way to call people of British Isles
This is probably not the czech, and not even this town.
The point is to remove the sanctions once Russia gives back Crimea or (more likely) there is a negotiated solution all parties (Ukraine, EU, and Russia) can live with.
We have at least 3-4 hours of history each week for 6-7 years in middle and high school
Both Ukraine and Russia are located in Europe.
Not really
Romanians are orthodox, used to use cyrilic and have a lot of loan words from from the slavs until they had reforms to change that.
Of course it's a good thing to not have another Cold War (or even a real large scale war) like it seems are/were headed towards.
Russia will not attack them and i even doubt Russia could conquer them so easily.
It would solve most of our problems, some of Eastern Europe, Norway, UK, hopefully Ukraine who want a looser relationship with the EU can keep their sovereignty and we who want to be a world superpower can step up our game.
Tbh it's more "friend of my enemy is my enemy" thing
They cry over the money they lose due to sanctions not thinking about how much they will lose if Russia is not stopped now.
It has it's charm
The fact they have highest subsidies relative to GDP and that try to earn on Putin just means that they're trying to improve their wellbeing.
Surprisingly, there wasn't even much people who voted for Russia for politic reasons.
The only way to settle things down is deoccupation of Crimea, withdrawal of troops from Donbas and staying out of our politics
How is Poland teaming up with Russia against Ukraine?
This is a good point
Also, one can have russian ъыэ with Alt
"You'll see when you have your own child"
No, we only have dumplings with meat (it's a traditional dish), and I've never seen fruit-filled dumplings in any vegetarian cafes here either
So when we speak about Old Church Slavonic roots, they're borrowings which have become synonymus with the already existed words
And here are some [illustrations] for the poem
There are nazis in Ukraine and they are a problem but they are really much less a problem in Ukraine than in Russia.
They are also in Ukraine and Galicia.
It often doesn't help that Polish is spoken with a lot of nasal emphasis, which at times can make it harder to understand.
if they wanted to annex/invade whole Ukraine they would have already done this in 2014.
Oh, please tell me how the sanctions harmed Putin's position, caused Russia to pull back from Eastern Ukraine and Crimea and prevented them from decisivly changing the fate of the Syrian Civil War.
2% were Romanians
It is ridiculous to take the official stance and tell via the media, that the western world is rotten to the core and falling apart, while we are prosperous and glorious and strong and everybody listens to us (like they do also in DPRK), and keeping all of your own good stuff - including your kids - there.
After all they are still an oligopoly and divided country.
Why don't you tell me what you think of liberators co we can settle the case and report you to SBU ;)
There is still a chance of Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia and Turkey joining.
I really really hope that this doesn't go the way of Ukraine, that would be an absolute disaster for the people of Belarus
And special thanks to USA for all those javelins
I can go along with this to some degree.
My native language is absolutely Russian, not Ukrainian
javellins could be more useful than a tanks in a modern war.
Even so, what are they gonna do with it?
An interesting offence, it seems to have been entirely in Ukraine.
I just wanted to clarify that it's not an accurate translation, although the most common one
Thank you for acknowledging it wasn't just Russia
>A real man never dies, even when he's killed
The small bag of crisps I mentioned in the OP used to cost 3 hryvnia back before our economy got fucked up thanks to a certain neighbour
There are so many proofs of Russians fighting in Ukraine already, for example Russian troops are posting about it on social media.
Proper Kefir should be nowhere near thin.
Kyiv has metro
So they are able to muster a good number of troops quicker than the alliance can.
>silent sounds, like sz
He also wants Britain to pull out of NATO.
Thats why people are against ruSSian occupation of Ukraine.
Point me at where I was justifying the whole affair?
I "actually read" the articles and Macron ties de-escalation of sanctions to de-escalation of Russia's aggression in Ukraine.
I am not justifying him, just wanted to make a point that northern Bukovina had Ukrainian majority and Southern had Romanian
I just hope that someone will come up with a smart idea to counter this
Maybe, Hutsulshchyna
I want to visit Italy at least once in my life.
Not everywhere
) your life is decent enough
Never really understood this kind of position.
Ukraine appoints 23-year-old woman to lead purge of bureaucrats
They've always had only good things to say about those days, and they're all Russian/Ukrainian.
That led to some praising Bandera who they see as a hero for an independent Ukraine.
That's an important point you made.
The downtown is safe enough
Oppressed Russian minorities, yeah.
\[balkans scenario intensifies\]
Which makes it somewhat weird with regard to at least my country.
I mean sure, if Estonia suddenly started treating ethic Russians like jews under world war two your fears of a Russian intervention would be well founded -- short of that, its just irrational fear.
What's your measurement of evil
Ukraine violated the Minsk agreement by creeping into the city.
Am I a joke to you
I personally buy water in a grocery store in my building which costs me ₴1 per liter (€0
But there's been so much hysteria over Ukraine in local news, that I would prefer fact checking.
That's answer to what you should have asked: "Why Poles and Russians while having far right regimes at home don't find it ridiculous to blame Ukraine for something like that?"
Says someone from the country who promised Ukraine's territory sovereignty back in the 90s and then does nothing as Russia is invading it as we speak.
And he started with gaining full control over media and putting Khodorkovsky to jail.
Unlike, e.g., Polish, we don't use it casually, but it is possible to address someone as *"pani Olga"* instead of *"Olga Fedorivna"*.
Supporting/refusing to not condone the illegal coup/overthrow of Ukraine's democratically elected President.
I like no-name Chinese candy but if I eat more than 3 in a short time span, I feel like I'm going to throw up
Exclude them, humiliate them, ruin all things good for them untill they admit that they illegaly annexed crimea with military force and give it back.
Check out [this] thread to see how many amazing examples are being built and have recently been built.
If the objective was to win a popular vote, they would campaign differently and the result of the popular vote would be different.
This is a good advice
*In my village, there was a man who had a red fat cat
It is not because of her performance, but because border crossing violation.
Crimea's indigenous Tatar community says it fears going back under Moscow's rule and will boycott the vote, which has already been described as illegal by Ukraine and the West.
Can't really recommend it to the people I know since it has folk lyrics + whatever genre of music + obscenities = not everybody's cup of tea, but it sounds good to me
Those that use Latin alphabet may be tricky because of weird letters and combination of letters they use to write sounds that alphabet was never designed for
Look at the humanitarian work and foreign aid each one has done.
I remember something similar called Lolek and Bolek
At such level - governments are responsible.
Sorry, this is my shitty English
Looks very
As war in Moldova showed, that can be enough
[Kremlin.ru: Executive Order on recognising documents issued to Ukrainian citizens and stateless persons living in certain districts of Ukraine’s Donetsk and Lugansk regions]
if it makes you feel better, [Ukraine is currently at 13%]#8665/0/0), and Russia is at 7%.
While reading the sign, I for the first time noticed the similarities in delta and д.
And this is [Ukraine] And [Bulgaria]
That is because we don't actually want Ukraine in the EU or anywhere near it>
The English spoke quite a different language too once upon a time, they still have a traceable ancestry though.
According to Russian Ministry of Defence, Ukrainians will try to press charges against Russian servicemen, accusing them of crimes against Ukraine
Then better start with Kyiv or Lviv
ah, yes, the good old excuse of any mass murder shit.
When it comes to facial expressions, I can't put this feeling into words
Well, it's a little more complicated than a simple number can say
I went to Kiev and Lviv last fall, It was awesome.
You're saying that there is something going on but Ukraine started it.
You mistake me for someone who cares about Russian education or wants it to be good.
As someone with a bit of understanding of Russian context I would say it is both a calculated and desperate move on his part
Note to self: if you send something to Venice, wrap it in waterproof stuff.
They are not only internal issues, if Ukraine becomes a NATO member things will escalate even more.
I'm confused as I don't really understand why would you vote against.
In fact having the same name does not in any way guarantee that its the same people (for magyars for example we kn know they are not the same people today as the original magyars due to large inter mixing).
You're saying the trade prospects we gain from Ukraine will overshadow the gain we would have from Russia?
My theory, keeping the same set of facial expressions for years influences your facial muscles
However, with Ukraine it goes against the narrative and there is a clear dissonance because of that.
Thank you for your answers guys, I considered my chances and was able to change my ticket for Macedonia
Apparently someone used incendiary rocket launcher.
And it's not like they don't have free internet access to read and discuss, it's just that there's nothing to discuss
They must have some very rapid cavalry to conquer quickly while nobody was looking.
Funnily enough in Germany people seem more afraid of Trump because he might start wars, but at the same time Putin has already done that...
Google earth is free and gives you a globe.
>Russian would have to become a complete foreign language like it is to Poland
The thing is, imagine if there was suddenly no law against littering or drinking in the streets — I can guarantee you they wouldn't start doing it at large
This doesn't change the nature of the agreement on Ukraine.
* *"brat"* (brother)
They do it since the fucking National Socialist party was formed
What is it they're lacking that so many people are commiting suicide?
And even if rationally a person would like to behave ethically and altruistically, he would often be stopped by empathy because it limits their positive feelings for the in-group and blocks them for the aliens.
It's a bit more contentious about Crimea since the Soviets *gave* it to Ukraine before.
Elon please stop lol
Definitely Russia
So when it comes to Iran, Corbyn is much more of a Putin puppet than Farage.
I know I know, we invaded Ukraine, Georgia, soon about to invade some former soviet Baltic countries and ofcourse we will not forget to invade Finland and Sweden.
Become the next Belarus or Ukraine, I beg of you.
Those are rather narrow linguistic terms, so no shame in not knowing them
Yes very reasonable response for 5 cases over ~40 mil population, guess it's just those superior slav genes giving us almost complete immunity
I *think* he had a fairly specific definition of good luck in mind.
Yeah imagine if Sweden sailed their longboats into the Gulf of Danzig and annexed Gdansk and Warsaw and you have what Ukraine is going through.
On men in a workplace - no, because men usually don't decorate themselves even with earrings, and other visible piercing draws even more attention
Russia directly invaded Georgia at first, then Ukraine
In times of America first, we need to think of EU first.
Germany: No
* Muhteşem Yüzyıl (The Magnificent Century)
Also surely swimming would keep you warm.
In Ukraine, there is an organization called "Plast". They are more close to American scouts, I think, but they also get brainwashed with religious bullsh*t.
These countries are now forever destabilized: Moldova cannot into EU, Nato or Romania and Transnistria cannot into Russia.
Imagine if Russia started stationing troops in Mexico.
I don't suppose there are a lot of Ukrainians here, so here goes
Here, in Ukraine, parents of grandparents always keep saying this :)
I've never been able to remember this word, but every time I see it on reddit I think "is it that weird ugly smelling fish
I know it is a joke but between Northmost point of Texas and southern Poland there is enough Latitude for another Texas
Brazil's neo-Nazis was being recruited by rightwing extremists in Ukraine to fight against rebels
Russia withdraws signature from International Criminal Court's founding statute
Indeed, that's a big problem in our country
Yeah, we are the biggest power, but some clown will come out and start complaining that it was built on exploitation of the third world and that somehow we are evil and we should allow whole Africa to move in.
Ukraine is not occupied by nazis, but there are more neo-nationalists there then it is healthy for any state
It arose simultaneously in three particular areas: "serious" fiction (published in "thick" journals such as Novy mir ), film, and investigative reporting
Please get off your high horse.
Я = I
probably, I believe the biggest reason they are uncooperative in Syria as a negotation chip in Ukraine.
Crimean crisis is a great many things, but not a naming dispute.
I for one welcome our new German overlords.
Here we actually have a good example of what I've said - read Delfi front page for several years in a row, and everything becomes black and white.
Apocalypse Now was actually inspired by this book
If you will have spare time and you're into quiet towns with nice architecture and almost empty streets, visit Ivano-Frankivsk (130 km from Lviv)
It's just that now the listeners are getting younger and the musicians often add some twist to folk, mix it with other genres or rework other genres using folk instruments
They said the same thing about Ukraine's Orange revolution in 2004.
ahah, well the average Romanian doesn't really know the difference between Ukraine and Russia from what I've seen, so Russia in the collective mind is somewhere near Transnistria, ready to occupy Moldova.
Says the mod of the one of the largest cancer riddled, cesspool of a sub /r/russia!
George,] which is a symbol of Russia and Russian occupation of Ukraine.
The problem with Putin is that, hes just briliant.
It's US who pursue missle defence capabilities, not RF.
Ukraine a country that had its government illegally overthrown, followed by large scale violence including the killing of 42 Russians in one building by Ukrainian nationalists and 174 injured, 25 of whom in critical condition.
Also, last two years' winters were not only snowless, but also dry, so plants had rough years afterwards
...and for being so unfriendly we will sneakily swap the shades of blue in Estonian and Ukrainian flags
Same shit”
Sure, it's not a majority but i heard that "this is their home now"
The military support and organisation of rebels in Ukraine is certainly an extreme and unnecessary move, but Putin did this in a knee-jerk response after Ukraine LEAPED unexpectedly outside of its Russian area of influence with a revolution, and Poroshenko seized power (in a semi-democratic way) against Yanukovich.
For example, a child can be jealous when their baby sibling gets all the attention
You obviously have not much, if any, time in America.
Seriously, such a rookie mistake.
Mid-range, far-range, any kind of it.
In russia they all are controlled by the goverment.
Ukraine isn't a member of the EU.
That's my point — even if it's 'bad' bu our standards they don't know it and don't feel missing out on something
And Russia might not own Ukraine, but it will always be a constant influence no matter who might dislike it.
It appears you live in some odd fantasy universe where the whole world is at odds with Russia over its actions in Ukraine or for whatever other reason.
So why is there no google street view coverage
I am just wondering, what was the though process of the first settlers
So the only good-documented was part of the family tree that was Jewish, and the oldest photograph I have dates back to 1860s with some scarce data (like first names mostly) to 1830s.
I remember buying a kilogramme of the same cheese back in 2008 for 40 hryvnia
Ukraine says the war is against "Russia".
It's 50/50 from what I've seen when I was traveling around Ukraine
Are you an aspiring mathematician?
The Black Sea is big; the only reason for Ukraine to fire missiles so close to Crimea is to provoke Russia.
In Ukraine, we either say *"electronic post"* or use the hostname of one of the most popular e-mail services, e.g. Gmail, Ukrnet, (used to be) Yandex, etc
Corruption levels are incredible.
I mean, it's just stalinism, leninism, berianism, holodomorism, gulagism nkvdism, kgbism, stazism happened to occur in the same period, just an unlucky coincidence for a cummunist party
Not EU but whole world
Say that to Ukraine and Crimea.
В, у = in
Crimea and the support of the Assad regime in Syria was the tipping point however.
Obviously, I have the highest success rate with Ukrainians, Belarusians, and Russians, and there's a difference between these three which I can't explain, it's just a hunch
Any intervention by the west in east Ukraine (Crimea is a separate matter) needs to take account of the serious risk of nuclear war if things go sour.
* Simplemente María (Simply María)
How did you guys lose it to Ukraine?
The real Eastern: Bulgaria, Ukraine, Macedonia, Belarus doesn't have popular rightwing.
We also call Greeks,Bulgarians,Romanians, any orthodox nation is our orthodox brother,so idk why you single out Russia.
Because if Catalonia vote for independence and result will be "yes" that will create a problems not only for Catalonia, but Spain too and even other countries.
yeap, and Ukraine had "Budapest Memorandum".
They are fighting against a much more sophisticated enemy in the middle east, and against an actual military in Ukraine, both of which use advanced, western provided weaponry.
In some places, it's almost 100% Russian, in some places it's 100% Ukrainian and in some the languages are mixed, like in Kyiv
Despite its short reign of power and implementation shortcomings, the Provisional Government passed very progressive legislation.
when they were forced to declare their holdings,
Well, in 2014 they did snatch a part of Ukraine.
We eat a fair amount of sauerkraut in Ukraine, but it's always white cabbage (often with some carrot) and we don't ever cook it
Their faces are "Ukrainian" but longer and more angular
But there's always a third option: limited usage.
None of that happened in Crimea.
&#x200B;
But met such in UA and in Sk, especially near the border
A failed state, that will cease to exist within the next two decades" and similar.
I'm sceptical towards listening to both Cohen and Mearshimer about the situation in Ukraine and Russia.
You also probably shouldn't "take the eurail once or twice" as that's likely to be bad for your wallet - just buy individual train tickets.
We are exploring the space, but it's only a beginning
His steel products, which are finished in rebel territory, are then shipped to the West — where they bring in billions in revenue for Akhmetov that then indirectly props up the separatist government.
* car traffic is terrible
I mean, I'm not going to discuss Trump, this matter is pretty much clear now.
By the way, Ukraine is not in the EU.
Wow unbiased comments from /u/9A4172
We didn't have friends as we were always kinda oppressed by almost all of our neighbours :(
The mass emigration that would follow alone would end up doing more harm to Ukraine than good.
I do not think that this should turn into a standard procedure and from now on, everyone will be able to opt-out from everything.
In such a scenario like with Eastern Ukraine while it might be ethnic Russians creating problems they'd still be Baltic citizens, I'd like to see how far the West would go in shelling those nationals with tanks and airstrikes.
Italy is most likely because of Romanians.
I thought Poland got it worst (after Ukraine).
Crimeans never wanted to be part of Ukraine they were given as a gift by some crazy Soviet Union leader.
Kabanosy definetly, only most Kabanosy that are sold here are now local (couple of years back there were only Polish)
Of course not,both of them has done a lot of crimes,but saying that
No mixing words to be partially Russian.
And Poland had the rank of kingdom and that was more prestigious after all.
It breaks my heart to see them this way.
Trump will outdo everything Onion can come up with.
Problem is that current frontline is highly populated area.
There's no reason to deny that Russia has attacked another country and annexed a part of it.
You better update your Windows mate (or crack it finally) :-)
He's a joke himself
And the only one we had is the Columbine imposer on annexed territories
Are they not aware that it's a rather large country and their own EU-Benefits will be reduced if Ukraine joins?
They use the same word for "driver". Also, the Italian language has the same cognate "conducente".
But that's not how Russia works
based
One of the travel bloggers from Ukraine forgot his camera on your loop road somewhere in the wild and returned after he drove a couple of hours
So what if it was a part of Ukraine before?
They are painting us as "terrorists".
Georgia — Грузія [Hruziia]
I don't know if it goes the same way for metal though.
For me, it's not that hard but is for people, who didn't study well or for foreigners
Totally, it also has lots of cool bars and restaurants
The nation of /r/ukraine stands proudly by the side of its [ancient ally] /r/de!
He's not just feeling some positive sentiments towards Russia, he's totally and fully supporting them in every way.
Bulgaria is also doing pretty bad, Macedonia too, Greece...no need to mention their recent Euro crisis.
That would go against the values we're supposed to stand for...
Whatever instability it would have created in neighbouring EU countries like Poland, it would be 10 times worse in Russia.
Ukraine actually managed to burn out its tariff-free 2017 yearly honey export quota to EU in two weeks or so, so Europe is sure a sweet place
he served as a diplomatical shield of Russian agression in Ukraine, he is one those who are responsible for this war.
Many of the German ones apply too, since we usually use German pronouciation and not English one
Ukraine, Russia face off in MH17 lawsuit in International Court of Justice
I hope the situation will change
There is a significant amount of Russian citizens crossing the border avoiding the Ukrainian border control.
Medical students exposed as mods of "suicide online communities" in Ukraine
Since then, winters are just extended autumns
These things bring tourists from all over Europe and Americas
Costs of roaming are insane there.
The latter was the case with Finland
It's just that the option was given in the context of a complex situation.
Well yeah atmospheric effects and being able to work only 1/2 of day kinda suck.
I really want Belarus be free and based
Not every kind of decease is able to hibernate - viruses usually don't.
June, 2018, Ukraine, official average salary: 9141UAH ~ $350
If he knew his forces would be crushed as soon as they left Russia, he would be content with all the land he already has.
Corbyn wrote editorials blaming NATO for the Russia's invasion of Ukraine, claiming that NATO provoked Putin.
When I went to school, we had days off when the temperature dropped to -20C. I'm not sure what's going on now, especially during the pandemic
Ukraine requires anyone to enter Crimea through Ukraine-controlled checkpoint, which she didn't do.
On Ukraine Police found big cache of armaments with APC, 4 sets ground-to-air missiles and and 200 antitank mines
Ukraine's National Police chief Dekanoidze resigns
The thing is, imagine if there was suddenly no law against littering or drinking in the streets — I can guarantee you they wouldn't start doing it at large
He's saying the Irish potato famine, and the famine in Ukraine were the deliberate murder of millions, but not attempts to destroy the entirety of the Ukrainian and Irish people, and hence, not within the generally accepted definition of genocide.
The dough is traditionally made with flour, water, egg and some plant oil
Such a way of life makes gender roles valid again
I think there's more money to be made in peacetime for them.
How I see it
RT "documentary" about Ukraine, shared by 'kommie'.
If the map was correct, Ukraine has to be all shiny there
But what he want it that the people of these country can choose what they want to do with it, without Russia and the EU using them as puppet to "fight" each other with.
Russia's Orthodox Church is more politicized than any church out there.
And you can also filter per sector; for example, in Ukraine an experienced software engineer would be making around 2200EUR per month, which makes you basically a tiny bit short of a king (a very good apartment, 70 sqm in the center of Kiev will be 800 EUR absolute tops)
Can Ukraine be Ant-Man
This is a good point
Lithuanians are all Belarusians, therefore we are all Belarusians and this is the Greatest extent of Belarus.
Russia going all in on Ukraine?
Ukraine's 375th largest city: Zalishchyky
He has made promises of limiting free trade deals, but this was said with the implication of bringing back/protecting manufacturing jobs in America.
Ukraine is ready for visa-free travel, says EU
The story (in Ukrainian, more photos):
I thought Ukraine will be higher also..
Ah for fucks sake, give me a break
Ukraine didn't have that time before Crimea was stolen and shit was in the fan in the Eastern parts.
Especially Poland, Lithuania, Georgia and Canada
Apparently from the few times I've seen this, the argument is that Ukraine was 'oppressing' Russian-minorities in Eastern Ukraine.
You forgot the part where the little green men walked in.
Tell me, do you believe in aliens visiting earth?
is the biggest unforced error there's ever been.
5 euro
We have it since birth with our genes
But Ukraine isn't part of NATO.
Are Iceland and Ukraine part of the EU?
-That's how Aeneas lacked her grace -
When a person becomes as weak and fragile as an elderly woman/man, and there's no family to support them, they live on margin and become social outcasts just like homeless Americans
Russia will try to ease tension as the economic crisis bites.
Kremlin-backed separatists in Ukraine to use Russian rouble as official currency
Also, non-native speakers use fewer idiomatic phrases like, I don't know
In Russian it means to be brave
We used to straight-up watch Russian channels, and they weren't really foreign
You can buy around 10 flats in middle sized cities and rent them out 150-200 dollars each, and not worry about money anymore
Ukraine will be relieved to hear that.
Western politicians inspired and supported their "maidan" coup, Ukraine ceased to exist in its former borders and collapsed in a few regions.
Oh dear, I loved Rex cartoons as a kid.
thats incredible
They may want to join EU or NATO.
I don't think it solves anything because Crimea (and about half of modern-day Ukraine) was never a part of Kievan Rus.
but Ukrainians Bulgarians Romanians Gagauzians Russians and Albanians in such small peice of land is crazy
I think most of people in Crimea are aware of shit going in new Ukraine, and honestly, compared to Ukraine, Russia is not that bad.
"*.
But while the more rural folks have their thick dialects, generally in oblasts' centres, people speak either the standard dialect, surzhyk and sometimes Russian
All I see is people attacking soldiers who are trying to take back the local police station which was over run by foreign insurgents.
Good old Soros conspiracy is the way to scare the people
* [Gloster] - great autumn apples, sour/sweet and juicy, that are hard enough to be stored in winter, but they turn into potatoes rather quickly
So no direct conflict but lots of disagreements and cold relations.
The presidents of Syria and Sudan for example.
Have you seen the ridiculous lies that they have been and are still spreading?
They did
It works in most situations where your ID would be required: police, post office, domestic travel, buying tobacco or alcohol, etc
P.S. Some that books that i want to suggest aren't aveilable in English, so i didn't add them to the list
You've got some cheap milk though
And Bulgaria just elected an alleged pro-russian president and refused Romania's proposal of a NATO Black Sea task force.
I think it's a silly fantasy that the seperatists will want to return to Ukraine without the country being gutted like a pig for Russian interests, and it's silly to think the Ukrainian government will want to compromise with the seperatists.
•Yugoslavia collapses, everybody fights everybody
No, Ukraine isn't a member of EU or NATO, but do you think Putin is gonna care about Estonia being a member of those organizations if he thinks they won't respond to a Crimea-like invasion?
During a diplomatic visit the president of Estonia [presented him with a bike] We appreciated the trolling
So it wasn't "for no reason".
Ofcourse the photos were taken with 0
* [Doneshta] - a local summer variety; one of the best apples - they're often huge, juicy, mushy but not soft and taste with a hint of vanilla
At least 5 varieties of apples altogether, but usually more
Moving services are usually available in bigger places
They can't agree in Syria which is clearly abundant, and Turkey is a very strong opponent of what Putin's doing in Crimea and Ukraine
And what about Omsk
Yet again, this "brother nation" thing has to give way to just good-natured coexistence
But there was no Ukrainian state, it was undone by Poland and Soviets decades before Bandera and UPA.
And even better question - who the fuck wants to migrate to Ukraine?
Mordor
Mexico between Ireland and Spain, Canada on North Sea, between Iceland and Norway, and Australia separating Ukraine and Russia (bit controversial, since /r/russia was really buthurt over stealing their clay last time - maybe we can try squishing it between Greece and Italy?
Russia will bring exact same amount freedom and democracy as the other side brings - not a lot, but as i said, it is not what the fight is about, the lofty slogans are for the plebs and seems it is working on most in this sub.
Might as well add the ostrogoths.
Fuck Soviets
The guy isn't much of on an known journalist but the funny thing is that he was at one point, pro-russian then pro-ukrainian and now I think he shits on both Russia and Ukraine.
We even have an ancient Slavic word for that (Varyagy, [ that described mercenaries from the Baltic Sea
So Q and anti-vaxx morons who think the earth is flat, eh
There is one political party originating from the west of Ukraine - "Samopomich" (Self-help) whose leader is a mayor of Lviv - Sadoviy.
Europe has seen worse territorial changes in the past, and we've pretty much come to a conclusion that our current borders should be the final borders.
Single market membership is even more important than EU subsidies.
Also, the more traditional for the former USSR countries beach+sea destinations in Turkey, Egypt, etc
fter all, most of eastern Europe is in the EU, only Ukraine and Belarus are not.
Some of them were also suspected to be illegal formations of combat troops carrying concealed pistols
Atheists get their asses kicked too.
I meant psychotic disorders, i.e. when people lose touch with reality
Why would a Union want to get involved in more shit if it has major problems within
Stalin
Lol, people like Serbs and Russians need to invent how they are persecuted to justify aggression.
Later Dicke went on to prove his theory
[future husband takes mother in law for a ride in a cart]
I think it's fucking awful that my own country (United Kingdom) has such a problem with being in the European Union yet in Ukraine people are literally rioting to start the process.
And so on
None of my direct family ever lived there, but, the stories that carried over were that life was difficult and so-and-so relative was either executed, sent to the Czarist army, sent to Siberia, or similar hardships.
Some people also incorrectly include us to [the Commonwealth of Independent States \(CIS\)] which Ukraine is not a part of, but most post-Soviet countries are, that is why people use the term instead of "post-Soviet" which seems like less and less relevant as time goes by
They wanted to eliminate any possible person/group of people, which could challange them in the domestic environment.
I have both, but I use the road racer more
Aggressive fascist junta with support of russophobic Western allies attacks poor innocent Russia
Oh, haha, yep, we have it too
You mean Slovenia and Croatia are okay
I really like [the Ukrainian one]#/media/File:Lesser_Coat_of_Arms_of_Ukraine.svg).
Very much in the spirit of [Finnish coat of arms]
Eh, the role of NATO is basically to keep out Russia.
Belarussian is very close to Ukrainian, so I understand it almost perfectly, and what's funny - spoken is much easier than written
It became really crappy after Maidan when russian propaganda started to show Ukrainians as fascists but i would maybe also believe this bullshit about fascist Ukrainians if i had no family there.
Or at least a variety of it from a different countries POV.
• Many early historic states which existed on our land, but I can't call it "country" for example [Antes State] 4th-7th century
I will not defend Nazism at any point, because Nazism is the ideology that stands for genocide and irrationality
Black Square, lol
There is already independent Baltics, Belarus, Moldova, Ukraine, what else do you need?
It's not forcing, it's just common sense
The Ukraine has always been in Russia's sphere of influence the same way Mexico has been to the US, it's not our business what they do there the same way it's not their business what we do in Mexico.
So it did in Ukraine and before 2014 Ukraine had half the murder rate of Russia.
But it wasn't like that at all.
are quite atheistic and religious tradition has very well died there yet they are deeply homophobic, as opposed to openly religious societies like Ireland or Italy.
I think it's a win-win scenario for everyone, and assuming that Ukraine had a very hard time from an economical perspective back in 2014, I think that we would be able to sign an agreement that would benefit both sides.
Oh, stop it, you're making "legitimate president of Ukraine" cry in his Rostov quarters.
Pretty sure it was designed by an asian woman, but ok.
And don't misunderstand, there *is* big support for the independence here.
Some diplomats truly are just professionals who perform a duty to their country and should not be blamed for what politicians do.
Of course, but what's wrong with official condemns this exacly Soviet policy in this period in Ukraine?
" a lot
Nope, I don't eat salo and borscht every day
What is more of benefit to Ukraine is a period of chaos and instability in Russia, like we saw in 1991-1992
I like the melody, but I think that the lyrics are too patriotic
Let's say, thank you, Poland, for Donald Tusk, and for opposing Germany "doing business" with Russia yet again
You'll still have controlled borders with Moldova, Ukraine and Serbia.
Що тут можна сказати?
Putin will be gone eventually, one way or another, but no one would dare give up Crimea, that would be political suicide.
here is a good video/s on Russia
At the european parliament level their MEPs parrot pretty much the kremlin lies about a coup in Ukraine and sanctions only hurting the west and not the russian state
Many believe opposition to be western agents, and traitors to Russia
He's talking about the danger of a new arms race between Russia and the West over the situation in Ukraine.
You feel that your knowledge can help your Motherland to become a greatest communist country in the world
Surgery lamp, multi-stage rockets and vacuum welding
First of all, I have to mention I'm speaking from the perspective of a young impressionable European, a European, who has had the image of Russia being the "Big Bad Wolf" of the continent engrained in my mind.
...and for being so unfriendly we will sneakily swap the shades of blue in Estonian and Ukrainian flags
What's the most well known videogame from your country
What does the Ukraine have that America needs?
And also I know a barbershop that called Balls
It's home of Crimean Tatars, our allies throughout history, and they're getting repeatedly, morbidly fucked by the Russians
* Struggle of UPA and OUN for Independent Ukraine against both Nazis and Bolsheviks
States would have to take a very different form for countries to be willing to give their Russian populations independence.
It severely limits the ability of people to coordinate, and to even stay updated on the events
[Yes, in the sense that Mongolia is Taiwanese territory]#/media/File:ROC_Administrative_and_Claims.svg).
But at least parliament and president were elected in a democratic way
What requirements do they have yet to meet in order to do so?
The need to use two cyrillic layouts on others' PCs (as well as my phone for that matter) strikes me as redundant redundancy
Also, teachers are addressed by their Name+Patronymic without exception
ok, they sleep well, but how do you defrost them back to life then
I never thought that "ться"-"тся" is a common mistake among Russians with such simple rule, but internet proves me wrong :)
Such as the high levels of corruption in the country.
The United Republic and The Kingdom of Britain
Really
Місяць (Misyats) - male
Either Russia would have to occupy the entirety of Ukraine and face terrorism, sabotage and the need to sustain the crumbling infrastructure - which is unfeasible.
If they can't/don't want to go further into Ukraine then other European targets seem even less likely.
Oh, so invading Ukraine and Georgia is no biggie on the well established rule of *I'mnottouchingyouI'mnottouchingyou*, supporting separatists in Donbass near our border is no biggie because of above rule paired with *stop hitting yourself*, but US brigade as far from what little border we have with Russia is clearly an unprecedented provocation?
No, the border is up to Russia if Ukraine doesn't get serious help soon, what I don't think they will get.
But of course, as many people have stated, Europe is first and foremost the image of the map
Ukraine scores poorly on corruption index
The events in Kyiv is scared the shit out of people and misinformation led many to beleive that chaos was spreading across the country.
Ukraine's future is very difficult to predict.
there are no Russian forces in Ukraine and those in Crimea want to be part of Russia so it's a mute and done point
For me it's like first time
The fact that we have a deranged imperialistic neighbor doesn't change the fact that Ukraine has improved constantly over the past 30 years
Russia is free to pick a person who didn't break Ukraine's laws.
While it's really ugly, I can see it's being a popular tourist attraction in the future
You do realize Ukraine is winning, right?
I bet Ukraine agrees with you on that
Ukraine: War crimes committed by members of SS-division Halychyna and UPA
Even in the link you bring, it's obvious that the USSR had less famines than the Russian Empire,
Just really curious
* **Kvas** - both as a [storebought carbonated drink] and more [traditional drink] made with bread
A few friends have been there, they said that Minsk is a nice city and it's insanely cheap, same as Ukraine.
It's the E.U that stood up to the Warsaw pact.
He was kicked out of the party for being pro war
Ukraine has also quite big AA capabilities.
I participated in protests and later revolts ( street blockades ) in Bulgaria winter 1996-1997.
Because Eastern Europe is Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, or you could say Eastern EU member states.
If you want a Russian soup, try [щи/shchi]
I didn't know that our sweets are so delicious till I started travelling around the EU Everything's amazing there, except sweets
I'm sure most people in Chechnya, Georgia, Ukraine or Moldavia would welcome a regime change in russia.
Given the experience of our own history in the Baltics in 1939 and seeing what happened in Crimea and Ukraine.
Hard to buy a new car with manual
there are no other country in the world for them, if there are no Ukrainian speaking TV in Ukraine, there will be no Ukrainian speaking TV in the world.
"The space goal of russian civilisation is to convert the energy of the Sun into people's misery", V.
"The Three Yugoslavias" by Sabrina Ramet.
But I also want to have understanding of how this came to be (being rhetorical, as I've kept up with this and believe this is a historical consequence).
“The memory policies Ukraine is pursuing undermine this Polish-Ukrainian unity,” said Andreas Umland, fellow at the Institute for Euro-Atlantic Cooperation, a Kiev think tank.
> What if you don’t know the persons patronymic name
Yeah, war with neighbours make Russia so much stronger.
There is no chance this nuke could even be delivered to the target, it would be shot down, whether it's a bomb or a missile.
Estonia is the most advanced country in Europe and might be in the whole world, even Switzerland learned some shit from them, like free public transport
R u from Russia
Ukraine has [about 460] cities (міста), each more than 1000 inhabitants - and that already exceeds the number of the dots for Ukraine on the map
Oh, no
many of whom hate Eastern Europeans about as much as they hate Muslims
Shitting my pants like no other.
Probably the most unique and surprising metro station I've ever been in.
Well, yes when someone is on fire it is pretty scary to look at actually
Wheel size, screen diagonals and so on.
While discrimination is far from good, **killing** millions of civil people just for them being Jews/Ukrainians is far, far worse
and mustaches, it's all about mustaches
When a country is attacked in some way, it is actually unusual for approval to decrease.
Especially in Kiev, the nest of evil?
And since I'm okay with that, what can I say?
Meaning **you're not obliged to know any other language** to live in Ukraine.
It is pretty unique, it created lot's of civilian voulenteer organisations, which collect money by facebook, buy the things that army units need, and deliver them straight to the frontlines.
Let's take "Бордо розташоване на півдні Франції"(Bordeaux is located in the south of France)
Is it *your* station
Being able to assess their internal propaganda, and knowing history of eastern Europe well enough, I think that the only thing Russia respects is strength, unfortunately.
The exact same situation happens in Ukraine every time after elections
I agree with you mostly, Crimea & Donbass was quite obviously a response to Ukraine's conflict over whether to join the Western axis.
Hell, you even hear a kid in that same clip.
yes, but I am not sure its putins call, I mean the Crimeans could just truck off into the rest of Ukraine, and live of the milk of the IMF and poroshenkos chockolate, but they do not seem to be doing so, nor are they begging for help, or arms, or sending cries of help via the internet, telephone, video, photos, or, well, you know, they seem to be sitting back and been Crimeans in Crimea.
Poland: all differences are mostly about views on UPA and Bandera
They then took advantage of this law at the first opportunity to secure a vote that rejected the EU’s proposed trade and economic pact with Ukraine, which Brussels saw as a vital step in supporting a strategically important neighbor.
Sorry for my bad English
Our GDP was the size as Ukraine's back in 1991.
I think the sound of bandura holds a special place in Ukrainian folk
[\(c\)]
That’s why the “Ukraine Crisis Is the West’s Fault,” according to John Mearsheimer.
It costs something like 1€/l, while average salary in Ukraine is a bit more than 300€ per month
Apparently your government is taking
Ukrainians was second class citizens living under oppression.
Well, she did win popular vote.
Result is that it's critically underfunded and gets additional dotation from national budget each year
But analogy has its right to be.
нежить - running nose (ukr), undead (rus)
Smart PR move from Russia to send an artist who will be banned.
Lol tell me about 1940s...its 2020 my parents live on 70 dollars pensions, like most pensioneers here, they cant imagine eating like this without someone helping, i have absolutely no desire to become old and we are literally neighbouring countries, but we definitely live in different centuries, they wont throw away any of the things you show, most would just take it home instead of throwing it into the bin or sell for lower price
Did you notice the attacks/assaults on the activists all over the country
Yeah, except you received unique deal with NATO and got saved from collapse by IMF loans and food deliveries from now-hated USA and Ukraine.
You are missing the point, dumbo.
Same for any language, mate
In the 90s, the awareness of the poppy as the source for opium rose
that cykas preparing for Hague trial with trial windows
There's not a lot of them, but they exist
record the moment of taking the bribe
Ukraine has enough soil to please both sides.
On the other hand Clinton is seen as aggressively anti-Russian.
Uh, [it's not] You need either a Romanian visa or a Schengen visa to enter Romania.
People are financially conservative.
How interesting, never knew that and didn't expect that we would in some way mentioned there xD
I think that barring the russian singer for entering illegally is better for Ukraine, because it at least shown some backbone.
I'd say it was more or less relevant for Ukraine.
refugee centers outside the EU
Fuck off, nazi scum
Plenty of them
Yeah they're the actions of a wannabe bully playing the victim.
Just as Tatarstan wanted to become independent from Russia.
The referendum was about not allowing Ukraine to enter the E.U.
There was no offensive by Ukraine.
The need to use two cyrillic layouts on others' PCs (as well as my phone for that matter) strikes me as redundant redundancy
What guarantees can you personally give everyone that mysterious rebels won't try to annex another part of Ukraine?
* Santa Barbara
First of all the average/median income is very low, and those who are wealthy can already get visas.
So doing a 180 on the EU association agreement just before he was to sign it and propose joining the EEU instead was to benefit Ukraine?
Like Oleg Vynnik, for example
Coup d'état was all orchestrated by western NGOs
Whereas Ukraine would struggle to do anything of significance.
Wouldn't recommend going to the Zone illegal, first - you can be arrested, second - radiation poisiong even in small scales isn't a joke
But there are also people that are bilingual, i.e. have a choice both ways, but they decide to left Russian behind and pass only Ukrainian to their children
I was so mad for a split second before I read the title
Always
There's a lot of people who told me they would like to move here for perceived low CoL but I think they underestimate the amount of shit they take for granted in their lives and how the absense of it will get on their nerves here
There are plenty of those, and great singers.
UPR times (1918-1921) where you can easily because leaders of it prefer to fight each other rather unite against external enemies that can be fit into assassin/templars shenanigans
This is oonly when they work together which has proven to be like once in a blue moon,ie IRan nuclear talks.
Didn't the Ukranians living in that part of Ukraine organize a referendum and decide for themselves to join Russia?
Of course it's uglier than the dancing house, but if you compare the dancing house to the building that surround it then it's not that nice.
Go off the path as far as you're comfortable and make sure to face away from the group of people that you're with
Number 4 and 5 hurt me almost physically
He has no other allies; common interests only with Ukraine, Baltics states, Poland, (and Nordic states a little).
Russia will never settle with Crime - taking at least half of Ukraine has always been the minimal goal.
Our mainstream beers are relatively strong (5 to 6%) and veeery smooth and balance.
They're pretty pro-Russian it seems in the Ukraine-Russia conflict.
All I can see through googling is some modern pagan fanart
Because Crimea wanted to be seperate from Ukraine since 1991 and possibly join Russia, but like Kosovo Ukraine didn't let them .
Unless you decide to insult Kim Jong Il, NK is safe for tourists.
Worst thing they destroying dustbins and beehives
You either ignored it or didn't look for multiple sources.
We have so many rules for using those
With how much Greece spends, they can reinstall Constantinople any day
We have a developed system of diminution, so literally every word (even verbs) can be transformed in "childish" forms
Works of art as much as buildings.
I somehow relate to those seemingly inflated prices
She handed out baked treats to the protesters.
I read the article and I still have no freaking idea how this ''wealth'' was calculated.
Ukraine has stalled the Minsk accords and has refused to implement some sections of them.
Ammunition depot on fire in northeastern Ukraine, sabotage suspected
Car chase - our roads are made to prevent speed chases or that will be shortest car chase scene ever
Sorry, this is a sore point for me so I want to share my mind.
Besides that, recently it was found that IKEA uses illegal wood from the Carpathian mountains
Ukraine didn't have a recent history of violating the sovereignty of their neighbors or slaughtering their own population.
If you really want to rub one out to Germany's greatness, then you can think of the EU as an extension of it like some people joke about on here.
People believe, that just because you don't have much buying power, you're starving.
That it is insulting to get called Russian as a Ukrainian
Don't care 'bout Eurovision itself, but this drama is pretty entertaining.
tlen - oxygen in Polish and decay, ruin in Russian
I really envy people who have either farms or just a place outside cities, its the best place to be in these times
I hope basque language would be preserved
This is also the reason Russia won't invade any of the Baltic states, because it would mean war with all of NATO.
Same here
Ukraine - the country of opportunities
For Russia Ukraine is extremely important without it they can never reclaim imperial glory of the past so Putin pretty much fucked up russian interests in Ukraine
it was, but not all cities that were renamed by the Soviets are subject for decommunisation
We haven't started their violent coup, Ukrainians made a first move themselves.
Also Czech as a slavic language has a lot of similarities to Russian unlike Hungarian which I thought is a nice bonus and would at least allow me to communicate on a basic level.
&#x200B;
You seems even more "not so smart" than I thought judging by your always doubtful comments on obvious matters - playing stupid or really are?
But I doubt that was the intention.
Germany and Britain
On the other hand, perhaps something changed in the policy of the UK towards Russia in the last months, I just haven't noticed it.
Some people want to stay in Ukraine
And russia signed a treaty to respect Ukraine's territorial integrity.
So you're saying Ukraine should cut off Ukrainian citizens from their Ukrainian water supply?
They are speaking too hard, seems like rude
Many Ukrainians are prasing our roads or public transporation...
I just cannot wrap my head around uncooked meat
Edit: people seem to be really upset about Wales, I definitely would have included Wales if someone had drawn a separate lo-fi girl for them
Not only Trump is gone, but a Democrat has won and they wouldn’t joke about him
For now he play "president for the people" role , in the same time has huge oligarch stick in his arse
This is true only if the object in question is singular and male(male as in the gender of the word), if it's not you change the suffix to ська/s'ka for female singular, to ське/s'ke for neutral and to ські/s'ki for plural
Ours is the northern part of the region
Outside the EU I only saw them relatively often in Ukraine.
Why
No offense but that looks more like Ukraine flag than Romanian to me.
Lol
It's incredibly ugly
брись звідсіля
The military power might be a bit overstated.
Being unable to capture Crimea with the help of protestors RF were used to start direct military invasion on 26 February.
Now "розташована" is the same word as "розташоване" but of female gender
Even on the sharp end, majority of missions in Afghanistan were police action, rushing a lightly defended hamlet and whisking away a suspect or two, and those were accomplished by the Americans.
Fuck this piece of shit and I hope his death was slow and agonizing
Serving content costs money
We order the items with delivery
People hold 'freedom of speech' too high
Yanukovych trial in Ukraine: Journalists get a hold of the official letter from former Ukrainian president Yanukovych to Putin, asking Putin to use the Russian army to suppress the protests [translation in comments]
Possibly even to the safety of Baltic states.
Prime minister of Ukraine is sweeping under the rug his real property in Spain
All they need just to wait a little bit until poor military and economic results lead to the revolutionary leaders get discredited and bring Armenia back again into brotherly Russia suffocating claws
Poroshenko is not even a billioner anymore.
З = with, from
It certainly wasn't us though!".
As a dude living in Italy, I can say this would be the most Italian thing ever
' but because of the typo it's basically 'We're deeply ordered to announce Stalin's death
Obviously, Russian political and economic news draw a lot of attention since these aspects are currently important to Ukraine
We're not talking about Ukraine.
Ukraine was a target of Europeanization, a la an association agreement and eventual EU membership, just like the other former Eastern Bloc countries that are now EU members.
Breitbart is editorialzied right-wing populist punditry, not journalism or news.
That wouldn't be a really likely scenario considering Ukraine's between them and Russia.
Thanks
Ukraine is in a civil war, and it uses every method it can find to convince the international community that it's not the case.
But some stories and novels we're being assigned to read in summer or on other breaks
Besides the war in Ukraine you mean?
So when you Russian lot are trying to say "RF has science" we Ukrainians are just chuckling.
Pretty popular term in news and analitics
But then Russia decided to invade Ukraine...
You feel that your knowledge can help your Motherland to become a greatest communist country in the world
I 've been to both Ukraine and Russia.
Yeah, title is kind of misleading, because of COVID bans, especially in developed countries
We don't have one's, especially in pre-election days
> since a lot of Russians still come to Finland as tourists every summer
So, you believe the official explanation that it was trainings in Ryazan, and FSB agents were loading bags of sugar into apartment's basement in the middle of the night?
So they account for I think about 70% of windows in old commieblocks and 100% in any new construction
Anyway, genocide was not the argument for Kosovo independence nor integration of Crimea in Russia.
The ICJ can only issue binding decisions if both countries involved in a dispute has either issued a declaration giving the court jurisdiction (most countries haven't; neither Ukraine nor Russia have), or consent to binding jurisdiction in a specific case.
Separatist state: Vice News visits Donetsk after the recent fighting in Ukraine
All people worry about is their damn political viewa when we need to save are own home, this earth.
One time we went to the forest, and I jokingly pointed out where the north is based on moss on the trees
We put Red Army on par with Wehrmacht.
The UEFA determines when the matches are played, and that is always 20:45 in Nyon, Switzerland.
I think financial aid would be okay, but I totally support that EU should not have any military ties with Ukraine.
Just nasty depressing commie blocks with the inner city not being recognizable from what it once was.
Not just for ukraine, but for the world they live in as well.
The outright lies are common in Russian propaganda
When it's cold, it's especially nice to get into a store or a cafe and buy some coffee or tea
EU might Expand to Balkans, but I really doubt it will expand further.
[Artyom] is one ugly bastard, although not quite as bad as remember him to be.
The same big Empire that collapsed, the same broad federation of many nations that privileged heavily the main one, the same superiority complex etc
We like to party well and listen to bizarre ethnic sounding music while dancing to it.
Lithuania and maybe Georgia (but we share Black Sea, so maybe you can say that we have border)
Ukrainian diaspora and grassroot volunteers took all the credit.
Krushchov
Absolute truth
There even wasn't an option to stay part of Ukraine.
Thank you for the links and the added explanation
Why surround the water with a fence
XII-XIII: Principality of Halych-Volyn
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Serbia, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Ukraine, Moldova
And Ukraine is none of the above.
Feels like masculine
Are you from the Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania or Estonia and very insecure about the future?
**Petro Doroshenko** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
Crimea is part of Ukraine so anything Russia does in or with it is something it is doing inside Ukraine.
3: In his previous campaign he claimed everyone would get 1000 euros more (which is, ofcourse, ridiculous).
They declare that there were no Russian troops in Ukraine with a wide shit-eating grin, like something to be proud of, sort of "Yeah we know we did it, and you know we did it, and we know that you know, and there is nothing you can do about it".
Naturally, after the elections, he ~~started~~ continued to use luxurious cars (he's a rich dude) and also surrounded himself with a security cortege
It's ridiculous because you guys are so unwilling to protect yourselves when you have an actual armed mafia much closer.
There was no need for Russia to do anything.
They simply haven't done enough to join the EU and their country really isn't compatible in its current form.
Their skytour is awesome
Ukraine's government is very controversial:
There are no such - people who don't have the totalitarian soviet thinking of you can very easily criticise the Ukrainian people for being ok with corruption in one thread, attack the Ukrainian far right for being hateful in another, shit on the Ukrainian politicians for being the scum of the earth in yet another, and then defend 100% Ukraine as a state under foreign intevention by a neighbouring power who forecefully took some of its land and has been organizing a regional conflict in another.
I think Georgia is more likely to join the EU earlier than Ukraine.
Relations with Russia and China would probably improve.
Its the CIAs legitimate concern though, apart from the personal dislike, the CIA has large questions regarding trumps relation with Paul Manafort, who has worked with assorted Pro Russia parties in Ukraine and elsewere.
This photo was also banned during USSR times
Shhhhhh
No and yes, depends on who you ask.
>is Russian ability slowly shrinking
Wages in the Ukraine are relatively low, but education levels are quite good.
The fact that he's clearly pro-Ukraine and such lies can only hurt Ukraine itself.
Why would he do that in Estonia?
There are these chicks that do it, they sounds fucked up as all hell.
The DNR and LNR are nothing but criminal occupations which would not have lasted a day without Russia's support, and without which they will soon collapse.
30 here in Ukraine
Yes, I moved for studies in 2014 to Poland and haven’t returned back since
[**"And you're lynching negroes!"**]
Bukovyna is divided between our countries, right
Yes, every time you go mushrooming in an unknown area, you have a chance to go too deep into the forest where the GPS just shows green in every direction
It's usually a one-way thing
Just feign ignorance like Putin does.
* **Alina Pash**
It can be my insufficient explanation or maybe we just perceive it differently
History shows you how fast and unexpected the war comes.
Now it's the language in which one calls for a pale guy wearing elevated soles to "send in the troops".
In Germany Nazis frequently vandalized Jewish memorials but nobody would think that the majority of Germans support this so why should most Ukrainians defend this act.
SCP-001 "The Gate Guardian"
Now /r/India is our new best friend.
Yes it is - even to think about how its ok to campaign in a foreign country is insane.
I don't see what's hard about that
Meaning that you conjugate surrounding verbs and adjectives accordingly
Ancient repost
You joker assume that I never tried to reason with nazis
Why would the political class in Ukraine force reforms and suffer the political (and probably financial ) fallout if the result will not mean a guaranteed step forward regarding EU integration?
Like that one:
All my support goes to Ukraine.
The only ones that actually don't have anything to do with the EU, but sort of are in Europe are Moldova, Russia, Belarus, Ukraine and Kosovo.
Derogatory addressing to a snotty kid is a snot, a pee-er (the one who's peeing in their pants), a shitter (the one who's solved Fermat's theorem, obviously)
I would be surprised if the Ukraine has revoked the citizenships of the people in the east
They can use the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria to give their forces experience.
Maybe it was World Health Organization.
Isn't that more because the sanctions have brought the Ruble down to something like 40% of it's value compared to before the Ukraine conflict ?
They keep on talking like that and conquest of rightful Norman clay will resume.
If the reason for the relationship going downhill is as blatant of a violation of international law as Russia's recent annexation of Crimea and military operations in the Donbass, then I don't see any reason for Norway to appease Russia for this, if it wants to show itself as a country that stands firmly with the west against Russian aggression.
Ah, the good old "Whataboutism".
There is one putain we don't like
Fullscale Anti-Terrorist Operation started before Proschenko came to office, even before elections.
So you can get a citizenship just by having relatives born in pre-Trianon Hungary
European and American intervention removed the democratically elected leader of the Ukraine, European expansion is to blame for that death and destruction in the Ukraine.
It had been a sort of stalemate since 15-16, due to some agreements we stopped active warfare (they still bomb our positions with mortars though)
Poland
It doesn't mean this fear is related to a real risk, though.
* Decent subway
If there's anything that the Ukraine crises proved is that Western Europe is unwilling
Because someone will be annoyed by this:
I do know there was a complete mess.
Just look at the number of "Commonwealth" references in this thread.
Even without Donbas there are plenty of means RF is currently using to influence Ukraine.
Ukraine MOD & NATO estimates 6,000 actual RF serviceman among 35,000 total of so-called 'militiants'.
Then there're Germans whose faces are rectangular or square, with a wide but short chin
European war refugees evacuating Avdiivka Ukraine as Russia intensifies bombardment
though I've been to Ukraine it was mostly just south east and Kiev.
In the poorest parts of the Balkans ( Bosnia, Kosovo which have 40% unemployment or something ) people don't do anything but sit in cafes all day long.
Its best to have that in perspective.
Ukraine has some new bullshit laws that say you are only allowed to enter Crimea by driving over the border from Ukraine and asking permission from the Ukrainian government first.
Might be the fact that most of our population was against NATO until Ukraine happened
He says we shouldnt make economy about politics in regards to buying gas and possibly building the new nuclear reactor with them when Russia is charging countries [very politically] The price is basically determined by political strength times recent relations with Russia.
How has war affected people from Western Ukraine?
Public transport, while ubiquitous and cheap, is kinda stressing and gross here
> Me too now
The average American is very safe, drug dealers and gang members not so much...and nothing says safe like the war in Ukraine and your higher violent crime stats.
Plus, these roads are usually kept in decent enough conditions, unlike in, for example, Ukraine.
**Known by literally everyone, even tourists will learn about them after staying here for 1 day
Industrial core of Russia was Donbas, Ukraine.
The others depends on the context.
In some domains like education and service, Ukrainian is being enforced to reverse the process (Russian has been being enforced here for the last 400 years)
same
For some reason, I'm not surprised
It was totally coincidental That the US pours money into the Ukraine Far right upto the coup, its just the way of the world,
Sanctions are impacting Russia severely, and even more importantly they're impacting Russia's elite severely.
Same goes for Moldova and northern part of Ukraine.
Positive view on immigrants from : Serbia, Ukraine, Russia
Do realize the United States is larger than Ireland, the UK, Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, B&H, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungry, Romania, Moldova, and the Ukraine combined???
But Russia is responsible for the situation in the Ukraine and nothing else.
Wouldn't recommend going to the Zone illegal, first - you can be arrested, second - radiation poisiong even in small scales isn't a joke
You can expand it by going south to Slovenia&Croatia for sea or east with cities like Chuj-Napoca (RO), Bukarest (RO) or Lviv (Ukraine).
Besides being a total lunacy, it's a straight war right there.
There actually are [almost 100 villages] with more than 5000 inhabitants in Ukraine, and I was too lazy to look up how much more with *just* 1000+.
I've heard that due to religious reasons Greeks loathed their Antique heritage untill late XIX.
Wouldn't it be brilliant if Belarus sought closer ties to the EU and NATO?
Because it's russian puppet state that is supposed to screw Moldova by all means.
Under these circumstances, the issue of Crimea is basically settled in all by name.
I love every filling, but sweetened quark/cottage cheese is on top, along with potato+onions
for fuck's sake, stop stealing our populists' talking points already
Ukraine actively in a state of war fighting within its borders; Russia supposedly isn't funding, training and for fighting alongside Ukraines opposition.
But now it's rather a way to distantiate yourself from "filthy easterners"
Is this time for Malvinas 2 Electric Boogaloo?
Same in Ukraine
Albania, Macedonia, Bosnia, Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland
Whenever I argue against 22-story high apartments built by soviets with my parents, they always counter with "but imagine how happy people living in barracks were when they got their OWN apartment
In Ukraine everyone calls it Czechia anyway
The Republic of Moldova remains Europe's poorest nation with per capita incomes on par with Nicaragua and Ghana and half that of Albania.[15]
In addition to dekulakization policies, the redistribution of grain throughout the union which was happening since the Revolution was very difficult during the 32-33 Famine due to scarcity, and of course the army was first priority.
This isn't about where Merkel actually was, this is about creating a stereotype of Merkel not caring about the victims of terror attacks.
It's not really that they love Putin, just that they oppose things perceived to be right wing - changing or increasing military cooperation or support is considered right wing to some on the left, thus supporting NATO allies in Baltic or countries like Ukraine is a big no no to them.
Yes, wildlife is flourishing without humans there - wolves, Przewalski’s horses, brown bears European bisons e.t.c.
putin even copied his 'crimean' speech from hitler's 'sudetes' speech.
I've heard some associations with Gypsies; maybe it had happened before I started frequenting AskEurope, too, but since I got more aware of the Gypsy stereotype it's been mentioned 2 times by older people (60+)
i would probably go for Ukraine/Belarus - close, similar culture and language, same type of beauty and i would have bonus for being educated guy from west
I think we (RoI) should sneak the border up gradually like the Russian tourists in Ukraine have been.
Some want to become an independent country
I'm appearantly from both: Southeastern, though sometimes classifid as just "eastern".
_Cossack braves
Willem Dicke was able to corroborate his previously researched hypothesis that wheat intake was aggravating coeliac disease
This index doesn't look as bad, if you have neighbor that have it worse :P
I am a geography geek and I was devastated when I learned that Bangladesh is feminine regardless of how it looks
[Hmmm
Upd
Yes, we did a little bit of cooking I'd say
Super power is meaningless if you are talking about countries like Ukraine and Poland, super power talks about the top level, unless they are going to literally double in population?
", yup
How is the Soviet rule to blame here?
LMAO
In Ukraine we first write our family name, then our first name and a patronymic (father’s name plus suffix)
that evening (almost) all food is made of chicken (mostly in a form of a soup) and everybody eats shared food all of which came from the guests
It's the reciprocal either/or stance of both the EU and Russia that furthered societal tensions that led to a revolution that led to exploitable separatist sentiment.
It's also sweet and a little sour, with a hint of dried fruits
They included Ukraine's Crimean population, invalid mapping.
1943 happend
We as EE or as balkan have been killing eachother 26 years ago, and in some parts in Ukraine we still are.
And what did they film, exactly?
I just read "Ukraine hopes to join Poland..." and thought aha, that's how they're going to get into the EU now?
From mobile 112 should work also probably tbh
We got it in 2016, so a lot of people have a passport and not ID card
The far right is on the rise in Europe and the EU is weak.
Is this the John Oliver of Ukraine?
I don't even know how "Bärndütsch" and "Baslerditsch" sound
Exploring Chernobyl, Kiev and the abandoned ghost town of Pripyat (Ukraine)
Completely shutting off Russia from SWIFT and the international banking system while showing clear and determined effort to rebuild the devastated European energy security, you would have them begging on their knees within weeks
They were always the enemy and they will always be
This hat isn't warm enough"
Now those banished operate abroad.
Looks like a frame from a movie about dystopian future
No, military might is the only thing Russia has.
It's just a terminology thing now.
Probably people just want to remind about Ukraine and the war.
[YUKO - Hreblia]
IMO if you want to know which countries are West-aligned you should look no further than who supports sanctioning Russia over Ukraine.
Technically, yes, but Ukraine shouldn't care if some Israeli has also Cyprus citizenship.
And I plan to see it again after quarantine
RF used to be very fond of willy-nilly giving out passports in border/contested regions.
I am all for Ukrainian territorial integrity, and agree that Russia should not be in Ukraine, but all western countries (Germany,UK,France,Italy) in particular are hypocritical at best when they make such claims.
I do not contest the first part, but this isn't a valid argument why the EU would not fulfill the same function.
That not  exhaustive list, though
Ukraine, Kyiv
They can freely perform in Crimea if they enter Crimea from the Ukraine controlled checkpoint which she did not choose to do.
Pottery and timber is questionable (although I'm not an expert as well) so you end up with stone tools and bones
Certain regions have pro-Russian parties leading, but pro-Ukrainian parties also have a decent representation
In the spirit of concern about populist movements in Europe and the US, I'll share a bit of what's been going on in cities across Ukraine last week:
They were probably expecting Obama to back down, given his record in Syria, Ukraine, etc., and he kind of did.
We have ALOT of floods in Ukraine now
I love the Dutch word order in your question!
Good, Ukraine need all the help it can get to defend it's territory from Russian aggression.
It doesn't matter that the region has been 'russified', as someone messaged me, it is what it is now.
Genitive: Mariyi Petrivny, Danyla Petrovycha
I would like to hear some insights about this from someone from Ukraine.
I've been to all of those places you mentioned besides the ones in Italy.
Marushevska, on the other hand, is a brave idealistic girl she was put to rule Odessa's customs by Saakashvili.
Poland is generally one of the most liked nations in Ukraine and Ukrainians see Poles as "allies" so I don't really see the point in hyping this.
It's not Eurovision's collective decision - it's the host (Ukraine)'s decision , and though I personally find it ridiculous, it does make sense considering the fact that allowing her would make a precedent, as well as prove some aren't equal in the face of law.
Serbia is the aggressive eagle one
While the gov needed to agree, it's not like it's being forced by them.
What all those nights shows (ie Trevor Noah, Seth Meyers etc
It depends on what are you asking for
When is Georgia going to take back its sovereign territory that is occupied by Russia?
Yet they *somehow* don't mind if it's *their* ideology goes international/global.
He defended Russia annexing Crimea and invading Ukraine and blamed NATO for it.
Poor people live in a house or apartment that still looks just like when it was first built and/or settled, but it's seriously worn out by time and due to lack of renovations
And Serbia, and Hungary...well you get the point.
Not that much really
My favorite one is [this campus] that was recently built.
I think this is some class A bullshit
Therefore he knowingly flew in to get arrested
Tried that in Ukraine and there was a nasty riot over it when Russia got upset about it and turned off the gas taps.
You're free to think of it as bullshit, but Ukraine is clearly not making any exceptions to its travel ban for foreigners knowingly entering occupied parts of its territory illegally.
I didn't mean to draw parallels between Georgia and Ukraine, just to point out that the current Russian government isn't shy to use military force to achieve its goals in the region, given the chance.
The latter is more succinct and easier to read, although, both are no problem to read and understand
Patronymics are widely used to address older people, people in power, or just people in a formal setting
If I were in a position to be offered those terms, I'd agree under the condition that NATO troops will enter Ukraine and guard its borders if the Ukrainian government wants it.
Shame on you for not recognizing Eurovision :P
And you think that anywhere in Europe communism was welcome greatly?
Honestly I think this is a bad move on Ukraine's part.
Keep on sanctioning Russia if it interferes
Such people should keep out of Ukraine and the West anyway.
It's a travel card and you can pay with money you load in it or buy a monthly pass which costs about 50 euro in my metropolitan
Otherwise Russia will have to stick to using their Ukraine pipeline and that will hinder their goals in that region.
), walk around in a robe or pajamas, open the fridge and cupboards, make themselves a sandwich, use and wash the dishes, etc
It's a stray cat of apples, rather small and juicy, grows everywhere including forests
When Austria is sending their bears, they're not sending their best.
I hope we will give competition to your team, because we don't have any chance against Netherlands
This is a submission featuring Ukraine's leader directly asking for specific policy and aid from my government.
Defense mechanism came in response to migrant crisis.
Taft, Hoover, Harding type shit.
From the beauty of untouched swamp lands, to the peaks of the many mountains that it has.
Hopefully that will now end as Russia showed its true face.
Some young people are like the ones you have in Ukraine, you know the types, what the rest of the world knows as "slavs", and i bet they would rather not let crimea go, even though its gone, or sign a deal to give autonomy to east ukraine, just like our young foolish persons.
Tips and advice on travelling Ukraine, Romania and Bulgaria?
Pretty much all all of these leaders admire Putin as a model of how a country should be led.
Your original was blue field covered in fleur de roses, if I recall correctly
Russia got sanctioned over that.
The Great Wall to not let the continental Northerners in, of course
and by their teens speak Polish fluently.
But someone should post it over on /r/architecture, doubt they'd like it there either.
Why didn't people stop those retards who were provoking gendarmes?
Some aircrafts were shot down (one probably by air-air missile from Russian territory?).
"Каак пагодка в Маааскве?"
I've never seen such deck
Poor Soviet apartments are roomier and have all the conveniences, but they often lack maintenance
Yes, that's certainly a part of it.
You can't just say you don't give fuck about Russian newspapers.
there are a lot of small towns and villages across Ukraine, Belarus and Russia called [Городок] which translates as "small town" and even more [Городище] "town"
This is the third or even fourth generation
Well the isolationist point I made was more about supporting my "we need to pick sides" point.
Cathedral of the Deep
The first is much smaller, yet for a typical human brain it would seem bigger
It's a law enforcement, not "political" decision.
I'd like to see a graph with actual amounts of money spent.
In the 90s, after the Soviet Union collapsed, Russia had a period of extreme economic crisis (which is normal, considering they transformed a planned economy to capitalism).
Another reason would be the pure comfort of having just socks/light slippers on, but, judging from this thread, it's just power of habit
I especially like rock version, gives it a new vibe:) I remember reading lyrics to Polish one and was surprised when saw mention Napoleon there xD Then read up about it,such a cool story
Isn't wiping your body with it considered disrespecting
The others I believed were denied because they felt it would antagonise Russia, what they failed to realise is that Putin had already been antagonised by the expansion before that, so it was already too late.
At least we fuck that russian commies, in order most part of Europe can evolve
Arrow speaking "perfect Russian" to Russian mobs sounded more like Arrow having a stroke
[Like this
There was no such thing as Azov in 2012.
Questions about traveling to Ukraine and visiting Chernobyl
There are possible variants that would leave Ukraine alone in peace, like obligations not to participate in military alliances, not to be associated with other states, to respect new statuses of their former territories and so on.
Jokes aside, there are so many varieties and that's great
Because buzzfeed did not lie about Little Green Men in Ukraibe like RT did?
I know my country, neighbouring countries, France and Ukraine, and kind of remember Finland and Poland
That would either be [Eneïda] by Ivan Kotlyarevsky, a remap of the original **Aeneid,** or [Zapovit] by Taras Shevchenko
How many Croatian fighters in Ukraine have been prosecuted?
Freedom is more important than safety.
However, you have Armija Krajowa, and a long history to build your "national mythology" on, while as far as I know for Ukranians UPA is the only significant national resistance movement, so Bandera is likely to stay.
We and Belarusians can smell out Russians a mile away, they usually have a hard time telling even a Lithuanian apart
Upon arrival, they were told that russian speaking guide will arrive with group in an hour, and the guy there could only talk in croatian
I wish we had more cute old wooden balconies like in Georgia
No sun, no sky, just endless stream of windows
The only punishment came through our own economic power.
:) What do you think of the Crimean annexation and Russia's dirty game in eastern Ukraine?
Guess the Russians would be surprised
Petro Prokopovych ― the founder of commercial beekeeping
Щойно з маршу вернувся
Czech is a bit harder
Not so much the military thing, but more of the whole social propaganda which the state media fed to the people.
It's a song about tough women's fate of sitting at the kitchen and crying but then standing up and "blooming like a violet again".
fun fact : if you take 20th sentury russian leaders, you will find pattern: bold - with hair - bold - with hair -...
[This opera and balet theater in Kharkiv]
Yeah, I agree, but it fits OP's question
what does it mean exactly
True
An absurd example would be the father of my acquaintance who used to drink heavily and posed a threat to his relatives
I'm a little dubious that Ukraine ranks U.S above Russia.
I wanna thank all countries that have been supporting Ukraine since 2014
They've had their sphere of influence steadily reduced post cold war by the west to the point they were about to lose access to the med.
Ukraine, Not Russia, Hacked the U.S.
Daughter of the last Anglo-Saxon king of England was the Princess of Kyiv
I'm saying there will be a way for countries that were (re)born out of the collapse of the Soviet Union to have allegiance to both Russia and the European Union which will benefit and please both.
I live in  oneof  the most Russian-speaking cities
NATO wont go to war with Russia over East Ukraine
Because of that glorious flow of Western aid straight into the pockets of their elites, if you haven't noticed by now.
We either rent a van (usually comes with a driver) or just load the item inside (or onto the roof railings) our car, if it's a station wagon or an SUV with enough space
Don\`t thread on them, from Ukraine with love
For example, in Ukrainian you can form an adjective for any place to indicate a person or thing that came from there or their allegiance to it
> "Gi"
This lead to many people who were against the referendum to not vote as voting meant a higher turnout.
Ukraine themselves can hold against Russia and that is because it is a lot harder to attack than it is to defend.
It's basically a village
Poland and Russia (and later the USSR)
No hard feelings here, I'm chill with whoever's trying to make a living here that doesn't involve smuggling cigs across either border regardless of their ethnicity or faith
You can punish Poland, Slovakia and Hungary for their lack of solidarity with Southern States in regard to MENA refugees or migrants, but not the Baltic States.
Just look at the difference in living standards between EU-member Poland and non-EU member Ukraine.
Russia isn't going to invade you nor attack you.
in countryside ducks and geese are more common depending whether particular household has access to pond/river or grass field
Russia’s "crescent of instability" spreads west: Kremlin courts a Libyan strongman as Russia tightens its grip on Europe’s periphery.
also Ukraine wants to build 6(six) Hydroelectric power plants on the Dnestr river which is the source of drinking water for most of Moldova and the capital Chisinau.
Then, you ask someone, but they don't speak English
There is a scene in BBC's famous documentary on the ethnic cleansing campaign where people like Karadzic (sp?) and Milosevic are recorded as agreeing/praising the actions of these units/mercenaries.
Ukuraina sounds like we're all high on weed here.
But you know that the name Ukraine, not in the modern sense of course, was in use since at least XVII century to describe exactly lands inhabited by Cossacks?
In Bulgaria I'd change my previous route and forget Shumen, instead going Varna - Burgas - Sliven - Veliko Tarnovo.
Maybe it wasn't a thing in Hungary because it wasn't one of the republics of the SU
At least those are words and not just dying whale sounds
You're literally an expert on all things Ukraine.
They can be salty or sweet and are usually served with sour cream
Linguistically Romania used to be a lot more influenced by the slavs.
Pathetic
the first non-centrist populist useless PM
But these don't just mean "very old Slavic". The first one is a concept, same as the Proto-Indo-European language
The war started because the EU told Ukraine it's either EU or Russian trade union.
the title should absolutely be changed in this case.
he has violated his own treaty
But what about Schutzmannschaft Battalion 202 and The Holy Cross Mountains Brigade
Its ok Poland, Baltics and probably whatever is left of Ukraine will help you
It's Russians who think that NATO is some kind of anti-Russian organization, when in fact Russia was asked to join by **Polish** politician.
The problem is pneumonia so if a person has it a person has it, there's no reason to differ its cause, right
I suspect it was Russia's plan all along.
Looking at going through from Bulgaria to Georgia and ferrying it back to Ukraine.
Peasants to the north of the rapids called their militia units Cossacks as well and they were more numerous than the Host proper.
A thing about Ukraine that most people don't realize is just how poor it is.
*sort comments by controversial*
>Titushky were employed by the Yanukovych government with having reportedly 200 hryven' to $100 per day in payments
Russia won't be so hated if it acknowledges how much it shares with these countries...I mean russia originates from Ukraine(Kiev Rus)...no point to give other examples about other countries nearby.
Germany would have the biggest Military budged in Europe if we come close to 2% of GDP if I am not mistaken.
My foremost point ist that as long as there is a obligatory fee/tax (GEZ) for citizens to keep alive a clearly [biased] media organisation there is no way to count that section to the free press.
But it's not as much about the means and the adequacy of translation as to how compact and precise English is comparing to some other languages, and it doesn't look poor as long as you read in English
Hey
I\`m interested to hear what you think about this video
It seems he just wants an isolationist foreign policy.
And all we see today is Trump flirting with Russia.
* Escrava Isaura (Isaura: Slave Girl)
Now his approval rating is only half the figures he got after the elections and citizens start to hate him
It's always fun to throw people under the bus for the greater good of the country until you are thrown under the bus.
What does Ukraine have to offer in return?
Czech Republic has little in common with Belarus or Moldova compared to Austria and Germany (see Holy Roman Empire).
Together with his brothers Schek and Khoryv and sister Lybid' he founded a settlement here
Anyway it's not my decision to make, and I figure It'll stay in Ukraine until diplomatic tensions cool anyway, making it a moot point.
All of the Ukrainians speak only in russian
Criminal bands don't operate in/from Georgia anymore they operate from Russia, Ukraine, Belarus etc etc.
I think he also lives in  Chrząszczyżewoszyce, powiat Łękołody ^(/s)
He himself would just say "no" to hospitalization and both the police and medics would leave
That doesn't "whitewash" the atrocities Romanians and Nazis did in Ukraine.
Ukraine and EU have been negotiating trade for some time.
Russia has to make a treaty with Ukraine concerning the rebels and Crimea that is considered reasonable for the international community.
Didn’t expect that
Empathy is inherent to all mentally healthy people, but it doesn't mean humanity, altruism or pacifism.
Individualism
UPD: Looks like our gov wants to allow dual citizenship "*with EU countries, countries of the world that are friendly to us, that do not pose any threat to us, and the list of these countries (...) will depend on some criteria"* according to our MFA Minister, but *"a number of restrictions on dual citizenship will be imposed on members of parliament, ministers and other officials
Best wishes from Ukraine
Dunning-Kruger is hell of a thing.
The quotas for us are about some dozens, which is like nothing while Circassians are around some millions of people and ones who would want to return to homeland wouldn't be about dozens at all, let only ones in Syria are about a hundred thousand people.
Its a wonder they even listed it as an option.
You can, just put a pizza and a bottle of red wine of the car
That's a very interesting question.
It's not bad, but I only gave it a second chance since it's one of my favourite bands
Yes, Ukraine is quasi-fascist in its nationalism.
They do it in Ukraine, they do it in Moldova, etc.
I wonder how do we call 20+% ready to vote for her in round one.
It has its own literary standard
Balkans is  Southeast , still, they are honorary Eastern Europe
People who rat out mafia bosses are rarely not involved with mafia activities.
Indeed, indeed - such is life
Places like Mukachevo, Yaremcha or Uzhhorod
maybe they would have voted to leave Ukraine and the world would have accepted it
It was OK in early 2000, but started go south with Georgia and Smolensk.
So I think it’s quite compensated i dunno
They will write songs about this unbreakable unity based on cheap liquor and cigarettes :)
> And it's always the parties that disguise themselves as the "party of the small man".
Major part of content on radio and TV is obliged to be in Ukrainian by law
The actual locals, Crimean Tatars, were forcibly mass deported to middle Asia after WW2, with thousands and thousands dying en route, then perishing in the wilds of Kazakhstan
And in 2019:
Let's take "Бордо розташоване на півдні Франції"(Bordeaux is located in the south of France)
To be honest, there is always something.
Also, the fact that Bulgaria wasn't a part of the USSR was very confusing, because it was always talked of as if it was
You're naive if you think the new Cold War hasn't already begun.
People working in the industries that could take advantage of the shift (IT services or export-oriented ones) are benefiting immensely
Don't call us russians when you hear our language or see Cyrillic
As I've already specified, it's incorrect for Ukraine and the Baltics
I get the 1 DKK part, you can't really buy much with 1 hryvnia here either
Took me 2/3rds of the video before I realised why I couldn't understand a word, why Ukraine was being shown including Crimea, and why the Intermarium was being endorsed.
Europe is an amalgamation of democratic states (for the most part - Poland and especially Hungary drifting towards plutocratic despotism).
Poland accepted 1,3kk imigrants from Ukraine (the country just next to the EU which is suffering the war right now), but nobody seems to care about it.
>I am out of my safe-space
No but there is such a european phenomenon of [German collective guilt.] Carl Jung [gave his opinion on the matter.]
He made this statement only now that he is seen as Putin's favourite bitch.
Just like the Ukraine, their system is too corrupt.
You don't have any fat to keep you warm"*.
Obvisouly they didn't want to take down any 'western civilized people' but they'd be pretty fine with it being a Ukrainian ship with Ukrainian passengers, don't call it an accident, it's insulting to the dead in the war and in that tragedy
Член Нацради Сергій Костинський розповів, що регулятор рік моніторив ефір «Дождя» і давав каналу два місяці на приведення його діяльності до умов українського законодавства.
once weld 2 battleship together to make Aircraft carrier
I wouldn't put to much trust in the current governments stance on the EU.
After Georgia and Ukraine, Turkey is pushing back for regional influence.
In Russian, it is possible to address someone as *"gospodin/gospozha"* (petty much the same meaning - *"lord/madam"*), but it's only used in two settings: in their parliament and in BDSM
The media have covered the conflict in Ukraine.
Something similar happened to my coworker who used to hear me speaking Ukrainian most of the time
"Oh, that was an unfortunate mistake
Putin [admitted] himself since 2015.
The gas infrastructure in Europe is quite extensive the pipeline trough Ukraine is not necessary for transferring gas to the rest of Europe
But they take information not from your profile (well that to but it is kinda secondary) but from what you like.
Ukraine supplies half their grain, and I'm all for sanctions.
Around middle school, students start to develop their own style of handwriting, and some use print-like elements like the lowercase **T** or a snowflake-like **Ж**.
Donetsk for sure, looking ugly as shit
> Donbass women and children who became invalids thanks to the Ukrainian army
Also even if the attackers were russian there is still no proof it was a government agency.
If the Palestinians would bother to come to negotiations (which Netanyahu has been asking for since 2014) they might get a state, in which they could ban Jews from living in if they wanted.
Often time people make a common mistake where the assume that what is todays southern Russian.
I think it's a silly fantasy that Ukrainian artillery will stop "green man".
There was a 90s singer Tatiana Bulanova singing about being a single mother and rocking her son to sleep while he's crying and calling for the dad - the same thing, but this time a Ukrainian singer
Meanwhile, russian settlers were already flooding the peninsula (and this kept happening throughout Soviet period, resuming again after the occupation of 2014)
Wonder what might've been if Ukraine got its 20 years of freedom.
As for the speed limit, I guess, people here aren't used to roads that are 1 car wide strictly, unless it's an apartment block driveway or a quiet village road that is also used for walking and cycling, so drivers instinctively slow down to 20-30 km/h.
I'm still baffled that Russia is even trying after Conchita Wurst, not to mention after Ukraine won..
Well, in all fairness, Chechnya's part of the Russian Federation.
It's obviously not the case with Ukraine.
That is some nice company
So yeah, I might be prejudiced, but I suggest at least equal amount of time in both Ukraine and Slovakia, if not more in Ukraine.
In the Balkans NATO stopped a genocide.
So if the photos in the articles are authentic then this picture so as well
No matter what's the quantity of those millions
Pick-up trucks are almost non-existent
The largest NATO exercises in 30 years involved 30K soldiers, Russia did multiple ones that size just to keep Ukraine on edge.
Every single year
There were so many people trying to buy something in the first day, that the site is still a little bit laggy
The question is: Is it worth trying?
These evens can go the other way around, like with Ukraine.
Except in this case it is because of illegal crossing into its own territory.
Putin is a martial artist, but if his ice hockey “performance” is indicative of his martial arts skill, Russia might have problems
This will require more research than that.
I remember seeing a map on mapporn and literally no one had Italy as the country they joke most about...except for Italy itself.
I got banned from /r/russian when I stated that it was a cesspool of stupidity and propaganda over on /r/UkrainianConflict.
> without any democratic consent from the Crimean people
And in russian prison you can be beaten until pissing with blood.
Russia on the other hand has been involved in virtually all conflicts in Eastern Europe - starting from the Azeri/Armenian war, Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine, and now Serbia/Kosovo.
Poles - "lyahi", Russians - "kacapi, moskali"
In no particular order, not all to my liking, only popular stuff (I know there is avantgarde/indie scene but I have no idea what's going on there):
Dark Knight
Our main concern is Russia, after attacking Ukraine, but I guess that would rather suggest frigates.
It was all done by Russian armed forces and Putin had the only authority to give the order.
Königsberg must be put back
What, they present it life Trump will fix every single problem there exists in Russia?
Edit: wanted to add that my Ukrainian vocab is a little more pretentious/bookish/flowery, and Russian is more relaxed/casual
He even went on to criticize mitt Romney during the re-election as being too scared of Russia and attempting to use it as his boogeyman.
It is not Europe's fault that the people from these countries keep reproducing like rabbits when the Earth doesn't have that much resources and is heading towards a serious climate change.
So it looks like Dutch people had invented not only steel blades for skating but also a digital photography at the time
Ukraine will not join EU, Dutch are promised in effort to save treaty
"terrorists" are firing upon themselves
It is even more popular than the country's national language, Ukrainian
[KAZKA - Плакала] is still very popular
What happened in Ukraine, while clearly wrong, was very complicated with many subtleties to it.
If you send an army to fight someone, you make yourself an enemy.
They are so hard to use correctly
Until we're out of the common market, then we'll probably have to tone it down a notch for trade deals and stuff.
Ukraine still glorifies UPA which is terrible ( those guys were so anti PL), they havent apologised for it.
The devil in the details, as always
I guess the majority of Ukrainians identifies as Aquatic.
And inside it is just more filthy rich than outside, museum of corruption if you want
Every parliament has its fair share of idiots.
US elections would end differently, along many other elections that were quite different from polls.
Срач means a mess in Russian
Also we have that stereotypical image of a Serb here that hates each and every of his neighbours (especially Croats), is super nationalistic and thinks of Russia as a great friend of their nation
Happy cake day
Any other Slavic language spoken is complete gibberish because Eastern languages have distinct phonetics and our ears aren't used to others
Eurovision is about doing something bright, prominent and eccentric, but people/juries keep voting for the standard pop-songs that all sound like each other and are being forgotten the second song ends.
This was proved in Ukraine where they were literally freeing up the engines with a bit of hot oil and driving gate guards and war memorials off their plinths and off the front.
But I separate your government from the people.
Israel was created only 70 years ago.
It's not "some Russians". For the vast majority of Russians, Katyn either didn't happen or it was justified
Well, they try to cover the difference with immigrants from Ukraine.
Finns were fighting for their culture, country and language, but E.
It looks like their Chicago is in Canada.
[Alone in a canoe - I Have No Home] (context: in post-invasion Ukraine a lot of people from the Eastern part of the country had to become internal refugees)
I've heard a joke that first man in space probably never wiped his ass properly.
That's exactly what I had in mind, there are some relieve funds, but its mostly bollocks.
This is an example of messing with every member and potential member of NATO.
Russian is a complex language
Even if you ignore damages from artillery in some districts, it really became so ugly you feel like you got back into USSR
but how can you be against an association process that is aimed to lift Ukraine on an EU level?
There is no difference if we tell "Oh, Joe Biden's son is using illegal schemes for earning money in Ukraine" or "that orange man, Trump, used his power to get support from foreign country in future elections". It will be fun both ways
Then Bulgaria, Ukraine, Lithuania, Serbia and BiH.
* services are mostly on every step
Because here we have a problem.
Yes it is, but a law nonetheless.
Dutch lower house of parliament ratifies Association Agreement with Ukraine
also a guest star on russian state tv
What was the informal term for your pre-Euro currency?
Our minorities feel well and are free to preserve their identities
The most notable news is that the so-called "servants" ("Servant of the People", Zelenskyi 's party) didn't get much
But we must be aware that in Ukraine, even before war, ther right radical flanc of political spectrum was very strong, and the traditions of wartime UPA and prewar OUN is very important on the western Ukraine.
They come and dig gardens
Lol as i said, if it didnt start in Ukraine and Syria under Obama, it certainly wont start in Kosovo under Trump.
However, Hungarians of Ukraine should receive education in the official state's language for their own sake - so they can integrate into society of their country
The mouse is under sanctions and due to its agressive behavior in Ukraine and Georgia.
I saw some book from Ukrainian "historian", unfortunately I don't remember his name
Just like before when Eastern Europe was oppressed by the Ottomans with whole villages slaughtered while some Western countries were collaborating with the Turks and making oriental theme parties with women flauntering their harem style clothes.
My comment was primarly about Poland, I would think that we would be much lower, somewhere between Canada and USA.
There is no way power structures in Russia could defend themselves starting an invasion of NATO and then threatening to start a nuclear war if the opponent react.
I made a list some time ago, but I don't think I can find it now
There is a huge community of Ukrainians
5 million people
Yeah, but mom phrases mutate and adjust themselves in unusual situations
Now when Russians has breached their guarantees, the other guarantors can do nothing against Russia.
But I know one thing that is kind of relevant.
Rest of the year: below 5
I will be killed if nazism will get any hold of political power again (well, it tries it best in the USA currently and only came close in the country of my neighbors, France)
Before midnight you'd be safe in streets especially busy ones
Because it's illegal
We give you our wheat fields
That is a weirdly conversational tone for a wikipedia article.
Financed him by providing room and board in Sachsenhausen?
They are,but Щедрик is very well know song abroad that has its origin in Ukraine
I've been to ceremonies, where as county of origin they would just put Romania or Slovakia or Ukraine instead and called it a day.
It is shown on TV around Christmas time every year in the Czech Republic, Germany, Slovakia, Switzerland, Norway, Ukraine, and sometimes Russia.
The EBU even considered taking Ukraines hosting rights away.
Could anyone tell me where it will be ok to say that Crimea is Russian?
It is somewhat amusing to see that being used as an argument when Russia has been guilty of doing that exact same thing, especially in Ukraine for a very long time.
The seats don't have fake adidas branding, cannot be Ukraine.
[Hey, Sokoly]
And Crimea was the only autonomous province of Ukraine and it split off along pre-existing lines
I like the concept of a monthly ticket allowing to get a train to anywhere across the country
People in the countryside were complaining that their poppy was being stolen by drug addicts, even the stems without seed boxes were in demand
Well, we are friends(and a good ones :)) but certainly not the oldest form of friendship like was stated in the post
Their entire raison d'etre was to get into power and stay there, Soviet style
What's important is that Ukrainian is the state language.
Why did Russia invade, or at least heavily subsiside the war in, Ukraine?
4 000 US troops invading Russia and permanently securing territories would be biggest achievement in warfare history but extremely unrealistic.
This Europe arm needs one more Italy to jerk
Everyone apart from some neo-nazi scum in Eastern Ukraine, deluded people in Crimea and some old dudes in Transnistria will have left Putin.
And border control at airports connecting with other Schengen countries?
The former economy minister also favours renewed peace talks on Ukraine in order to gradually diminish sanctions against Russia, AP reported.
Austria
It's not that people love him, but he's *okay* enough to have a stable economy and don't rock the boat
Which contradicts their statement that they did not send anything to Ukraine.
Seems true and totally not fabricated like majority of bullshit seeded by the US and British media.
Is there a strong current in the channel?
Earlier in 2016 Russia moved extra troops to our borders, recently Poles were all giddy about US forces being stationed on their soil.
Petrol may be cheap compared to EU prices, but for locals it's pretty damn expensive
Which is hugely important to them militarily.
If referendum voted "no" will they leave?
There is no actual independence, the church acting just like russian televisions as means of propaganda and subversion.
[In Belarusian]
Italy not switching sides would give central powers the victory.
So it seems that people aren't just economical resource and statistics for everyone
Failing banks is daily news here - five per every month being closed by regulator is a norm now.
West of Ukraine would prefer Ukrainian, east - Russian.
Horrible
Even those were not enough to hold back UAF offensive in 2014.
Believe what you want
Like Ukraine, Moldova are sooo much better?
Oh, no
Public transportation is almost non-existent in the US anywhere outside of large cities.
You might learn that being called a mean word is not the worst
Edit: the writer/politician who said it was Vynnychenko
People in the west speak Ukrainian and don't consider Russian their mother tongue
The same as we don't blame Georgia for Stalin and Ukraine for Khrushchov
Coming down from mountainside
Ah yes, famous russian tea with polonium
What do not you like
Every predominantly Russian speaking Ukrainian has a lot of Ukrainian words, phrases and jokes in Ukrainian inserted in their speech
Poland's right to self determination was declined in the early 1900's , as the world hoped it would satisfy a tyrannical ruler, until they realized too late he was seeking a false glory based on an extreme historical view.
funny
Why should we engage in the dialogue we're going to lose?
They are part of our continent, the whole shit in Ukraine started because they wanted to join our "side", which we encouraged, plus they are humans just like Syrians.
All that bordergore around Champagne..Why do you do this, Middle Ages?!
Balkan, Amsterdam and Morocco-Spain.
For ukrainian peasants at that time the real "independent Ukraine" was a land without a noble, policeman or state whatsoever.
Yes, western Ukrainians were mad, but Yanukovych won a fair election.
IMO this view was wrong then and it's wrong now.
Ukraine has had pretty horrible governing in its independence era.
I suspect Hungary and Ukraine has singers as well
They are fighting fascist in Ukraine..
Pff, few weeks ago we have the same in Ukraine, 38 in Dnipro
Not because of this, I just choose whatever variant of word I like more
Hello from Ukraine, the same here.
Is it a new stereotype for Ukrainians - to move to Poland
hey
* Advertising everywhere
Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Slovakia and Spain say Kosovo is part of Serbia.
Export Ladas had light alloy wheels, air conditioning (rarely), roof hatches, better color options, there was even a Lada 2108 convertible
While the humanitarian costs are high, these conflicts have more of a direct cost in blood and treasure for Russia.
Never kept them outside fridge, as I always thought they would go bad faster if you store them in the room temperature
just offer You the possibility of committing a crime
And this happens in light of recent claims by certain EU politicians on the status of Crimea?
the crisis get started before Ukraine occasions
Even if they were to recapture the east and Crimea, Russia can make them bleed for a long time.
Hungary has Orban with a lot of anti-lineralism and pro-Putin rhetoric.
If someone does not like it it does not stop to exist.
It seems to me that Ukraine is just trying to use history for political purposes.
Moldova and Ukraine have even lower chances because they have endless problems that can't be solved in the near future (the russian army on their territories, separatist regions, a lot of poverty and corruption, Ukraine has an active conflict going on, Moldova has a pro-russian president and an important part of the political class that are pro-russian and want to sabotage any western path , etc).
Putin achieved new heights of popularity after showing Georgia and Ukraine who was *in charge*.
So it looks like Dutch people had invented not only steel blades for skating but also a digital photography at the time
They are doing all of it for the reason that it will bring in money and keep the current oligarchs in power.
People speaking on Bilorussian language treated as opposition and landed in jail
No big shock as generally other "eastern" european countries are more keen to help Ukraine and Ukrainians...
However when the indended audience is expected to have some sort of "realpolitik" mind set (usually some right-leaning AND left-leaning Westerners who fancy themselves politically savvy), the stance changes to the alternative "Hurr durr Ukrainian nazis, need to protect Russians, land bridge to warm port, but what about America" bullshit
(these people are not workforce, they look for welfare, it's proven).
No "polish groceries" in my city, but there's some polish food in supermarkets
Well, Ukraine is still below the 1990 level, so you're worse off now than then.
There's something simple and primal yet meaningful about the genre
I'm on a long train ride back to Kiev and I'm happy to answer any questions about what it's like in Eastern Ukraine now.
In Ukrainian  for me it's word "pig" with a 'village' dialect
So to summarize: most countries in the region aren't making progress.
It was rather disconcerting to see a truck just firing missile after missile in such a location so close to where people live.
Nationalists are retards anywhere.
Which country is likely to join Ukraine?
Sanctions can always be increased, if Russia continues to do what they're doing.
I am not blaming or anything
In the first article you link, the Ukrainians point out they didn't *have* the specific information.
I get the joke, but I cannot help but be slightly irritated due to the absence of a Swedish flag.
Just to play devil's advocate, but the Russians warned everyone about their intentions in Ukraine.
Yeah, it's rather derogatory
I'm curious, how did you end up living in Ukraine?
If you don't know Cyrillic, being in the Cyrillic world is legitimately like being illiterate.
I totally can understand those who don't want to be associated with "East Europe" but forcing the idea of "Central Europe" looks too artificial to me
I mean, in this particular case you didn't have to be left-leaning to vote for the guy, you just had to be not far-right-leaning.
[du get used to it
It's just not worth it to debate something like that.
We're not really portrayed in the movies (not talking about Chernobyl here), but when we do, there are two general problems:
In past years, we had snow for 2-4 months per year
Like, these cathedrals and streets and statues, everything's the same, but look at that PIPE
Of course, Putin is mostly just showing off with his army, while Russia is still a poor, underdeveloped country controlled by the oligarchs he supported(it is assumed he is the biggest oligarch but he hides his real fortune in off-shores), high corruption and criminality.
Yet it got invaded and occupied by Russian forces with the help of local Russians, leading to the annexation of Crimea and ongoing battles in the east.
100% sure that if it wasnt for the EU and NATO Russia would use their influence to either turn Bulgaria to their side Belarus style or respond in force like it has done in Ukraine and Georgia.
"*. And then I recalled, it's singular (and feminine) in Russian, so there's no clash in our minds
All these borders are not open, they are heavily protected.
* "*to" (****that*** *in Ukrainian, of* ***this*** *in Galician Ukrainian)
...Is that meant to suggest that Italian communists were not as dangerous as I claimed they were
Please correct me if I am wrong
He either lucking skill, or will to change the country.
Do you have any idea how literally right you are
Do you think it would be as easy for Estonia to take back Pechory, that belonged to Estonia before Soviet occupation but that was later given to Russian SSR?
Similar to countries in the EU, the card does allow some international travel including Turkey, Moldova, Georgia and Russia
Some titles are meme-like, but with respect to its cultural significance :
However, Crimea had the most autonomy of any region, was a net receptor of money from the central government, and has its own elected parliament and local government to blame for the state of its roads too.
Bulgarian, on the other hand, shares a couple of words with Russian (usually they have a different meaning) and the alphabet.
During the cold war it was possible.
As i said, the problem in the Ukraine was that the state is not a member of the EU or the NATO.
And you, who fighting fascism every day for a living, why wanting to take part in it?
The sanctions were put in place because of Russian aggression and not because of Snowden.
But you know with Trump and Putin bromance and Putins constant lies and misinformation he could have someone like Trump bamboozled hard.
I dont see what the problem there is.
Ukraine's GDP per capita ppp is 8000.
Russia's best option is to do nothing and wait
Ancient repost
In the tale as we know it, the main character's name is [Buratino]
Combination of huge and poorly managed depots from Soviet times+ negligent idiots (or even drunk negligent which are called "avatars" in Ukranian Army) can do the trick much better.
so do something
I don't know if there have been any polls or studies that would let us know the "real" average opinion, but judging from the comments here, it falls into two groups.
Last time it was Russia offering Ukraine money to join the ridiculous Russia-led Customs Union.
How about it focuses on something real like the abuse of homosexuals in Russia, civil war in Ukraine, dire poverty in Greece and prevalent female genital mutilation in parts of Turkey, all countries which are part of the Council.
Damn, I never knew that Germany is so rich...
Now that western training and equipment is flowing into Ukraine, Russian back "rebels" will have a considerably harder time making any meaningful headway.
I think it is but I can't tell about whole Ukraine
Actually I didn't know you can do this, it's unusual
I hope you are aware of the fact that the biggest part of Macedonia is in Greece right ?
ISIS vanishes but most of its foreign assets go back as sleeping agents in their country of origin.
But I find what he is saying about Crimea and the energy sector especially troubling.
To be honest, all movies about North Korea is filmed in Poland, and don't forget about our concentration camps!
No, I haven't heard anything about it...
oligarchic and corrupt conservative, is a communist
But I don't think that my body language changed since then
[And while your at it here were the policies in place for Ukraine during the famine.]
It'd be nice to have country next to the name.
US sanctions against Russia will not be lifted untill Crimea will be returned to Ukraine, says new US ambassador to UN
Maybe I've confused metal with screamo.
But yeah 300 hundred years spent mostly fighting the Byzantines and all the people moving in from the east, we became Christian along the way and slightly more civilized than before.
You can travel to Moldova, Serbia, Albania without a passport.
There is a fear that Russia may be bold enough to instigate a frozen conflict in a Baltic state, given that its already done so in Moldova, Georgia, and Ukraine.
People believed that is maximum possible at that time.
There are the sanctions for seizing Crimea and separate sanctions for war in the Eastern Ukraine.
Brilliant
Modern day Russia is so glorious it doesn't even need voronki and punitive psychiatry to deal with dissenters.
In the aforementioned book these territories are also called "Western Belarus and Western Ukraine" and the fact that they used to be a part of the Russian Empire lost in the Russian–Polish war of 1920 is mentioned.
He wants to be "strong leader".
Export Ladas had light alloy wheels, air conditioning (rarely), roof hatches, better color options, there was even a Lada 2108 convertible
What country was destroyed by a few marginals?
I believe Ukraine can be a big contributer to the ESA.
' *says nothing about fascism, nationalism and white supremacy*
And it's only the eastern front 1941-1945
I would much rather live in and across from a neo-classical building like the new berlin style than a monstrosity like the dancing house.
If it's west of Stalingrad and doesn't agree with you - it's Nazi, duh.
They're not really Russian though, they're basically the same Greek names as Alexander or Michael or Nicholas or Alexis
No people no problem
Why don't you tell me what you think of liberators co we can settle the case and report you to SBU ;)
In Ukraine we first write our family name, then our first name and a patronymic (father’s name plus suffix)
Ukraine wasn't a thing in 1775.
Because according to journalists, this is copy of document mentioned [here] used by Russia as justification of Crimea "intervention"
They were doing it for quite a while unofficially.
This photo is staged, [of course] although they say that it's based on a real event
SPEG
At this point I'm just waiting for Ukraine to finally be absorbed back intro Russia
What was the right way to do it?
Where did you hear it
Not only are they ancient but their own civilization as well during the medieval ages?
Ukrainian Cyrillic transliterates H as **Г**. But don't confuse it with **Г** in other languages that also use Cyrillic
* irresponsible people - one of the example is when people adopt a dog, move to their summer houses("dacha") during the warm period and when it is over they just leave their dogs
No, they could just remain happy by not removing his convict status.
Mostly, but some people keep it in the pantry
Ukraine’s National Bank Department director nabbed while accepting $25,000 in bribe
Perhaps the most exciting and nerve-racking of these corners is Russia and Ukraine.
I compel you, go back to BBC and try to find a story told from the side of the Pro-Russian Separatists.
AFAIK companies from countries that outside of the EU and EFTA have to pay large fees to export they goods to the EU.
How much would they care about an unknown singer being banned from violating Ukrainian law.
What about Moldova
Can you please list then some of things and occasions where we oppressed them
Christmas was banned in Soviet times
In general, everything works as usual when it's really cold
What I don't like:
Of course there are other ways than NATO.
I would really suggest to watch these two videos.
There are many Russian nationalists and even Nazi fighting in Ukraine now.
Why move factories to China, when you have Ukraine right next to Europe and is desperate for any investments?
There was nothing democratic about the referendum.
Since the Ukraine war many countries see Russia as a threat again, not only the Baltic Germany and France too.
You keep asking me for proof, and then you make baseless anecdotal statements that you know aren't correct.
Yeah, it's like a zero-sum game.
Yeah, this tactics worked well for Ukraine, for example.
Article 1
It's the first language the Bible was translated to; it was brought to Rus along with Christianity, and Rus alredy had an established spoken language at the time
Look at Ukraine's Donetsk region, where a mine electrician became the Russian sanctioned Prime Minister of the rump state.
Ohh I know a place where no one is dying..
Trusting Russia
Age problems
Lol, I didn't know that the word 'quark' also means cottage cheese
Right bank of Ukraine was a part of Poland from the 14th century up until the First Partition of Poland in 1772, when Galicia actually become a part of Austria.
Unlike Poroshenko in Ukraine or Saakashvilly in Odessa who had to share power and compromise with opposition, Putin had absolute power in Russia.
What a man
*files resignation from citizenship*
And you can't use it on a medical scooter, so they have no use for it
Russians living even in Narva don't want to be "protected" by Putin...
The article says that data for Ukraine, Belarus and Moldova are poor.
Same with Ukrainians
It is very easy with nouns forms and verbs forms
Ehehehe
It was right decision for us to come to the station at 9:30, because, apparently, central police station works from 10AM
Also the 1st of May is a day off so it moves from Saturday to Tuesday
From what I've learned myself, Latvia and Ukraine are night and day in terms of language politics(for the most part).
Lets not forget that in Ukraine, women can't get life imprisoned.
Only a tiny part of Ukraine is affected by war and most refugees relocated within Ukraine and/or Russia.
You don't believe Georgia and Ukraine violently oppressed their population?
Russians are hiding behind these people.
Like someone already said, Ukraine relied heavily on Russia.
EU expansionism at it's finest, this sort of rhetoric is what caused so much trouble in Ukraine, and they wonder why Russia reacted.
The perfect time to oppose Putin is now while his forces are busy in Ukraine and in Syria.
One of the biggest bruh moments for us was related to Sweden
Well, it is real, believe it or not
I understand France presidental election is important and it can realy change EU.
Are there any other Slovak slang words for “ass”?
There's even a part of a line in the city center
Didn't they already annex Crimea?
Or you could go outside and hear it playing from a kiosk
And this is the case where we don't want.
Romania distancing itself from its neighbors.
There is alternative one, but it includes two ferries across Black Sea and Caspian.
It's pretty good, but still not as big and detailed as the English one
Is this a joke based on what's going on in Crimea?
I even not know what here to write
Once it stops doing so the sanctions can be lifted.
Don't say that Ukraine is part of Russia
Ukraine parlament urges the world to recognize the Great Famines fromSoviet Union times as genocide.
I don't see there being a return to normality with Crimea beaing Russian.
As for your question, the classic is "how do you feel yourself
The leaves are still mostly green, although the middle of October is supposed to be the traditional golden autumn with bright yellow maples and heaps of fallen foliage, and by early November, we might have had the very first snow
IT janitor lmao
UKish also not OKish I assume
So, you can read the comments here:
[Sabaton created a song about this] even :)
Ukraine cut off supplies of water through the North Crimean Canal, causing the 2014 rice crop to fail, and greatly damaging the maize and soybean crops.
>"We believe that the territory of our state should be made dangerous for the lives of our citizens "
We don't eat it everyday, but you will sure see it quite often (especially when drinking)
Ethnicity and language are irrelevant.
Well I could see that after Putin, presidential candiates/presidents could state how it is a huge money sink and should be given back to Ukraine.
I live 30km form Verona lol :)
im just tired of this shit, i dont want to kill anyone, i want justice, i want the whole civilized world despise russians, like everyone despised germans after ww2, so they will feel guilty about their government, about themselves for being so ignorant and stupid, so aggressive towards other nations, i want for people to point fingers at any russian even a good person and say to him "what the fuck are you doing?!
Anyway, as an adult, I really enjoy how many Ukrainian electronic folk bands there are
Russia outraged by extension of Canada's military mission in Ukraine
I don't know if it's better when economy maps use that Credit Suisse Wealth per Adult Databook where their methodology for Ukraine was "okay, we sorta know what the 50 rich Ukrainians' wealth is, let's just fucking assume that the rest of the country has exactly zero assets despite 70%+ home ownership rates, and divide the 50 rich guys' wealth among the whole population of 43 million, thus obtaining the average wealth in Ukraine to be about fifty five bucks per adult".
Well Russia and Ukraine are European countries, so outside the EU this still happens and the end of the EU would definitly cause tension.
Looks like all this were preplanned right after Ukraine won in 2016.
Almost all ex Soviet states thought a free and democratic way of living is the better alternative and Russia tries to conquer that with war and propaganda.
Twitter assemble
**Summer-autumn apples:**
Just because professional politicians are like that
And I don't see Crimea not being Russian anywhere in my lifetime.
For non russian speakers "Steal every nail from a job, you're master not a guest"
I am going to Ukraine in summer.
Hilfe mir with my identity issues
Stalin used to say "Quantity has a quality all of it's own" though and unlike Leo 2s or Challenger 2s when you cut maintenance all that stuff the Russians have mothballed is relatively easy to bring back into service.
Our versions would be respectively Oleksander, Mychailo, Mycola, and Olexy
No, it's not
Geography didn't seem to matter then, why would it now?
Oligarchs are in control of the majority of TV channels, so it's not that hard to spread these Soros conspiracies, and the majority of Ukrainians are against market reforms, which is really sad
Thanks nonetheless
So why is there no google street view coverage
Most of these things were either added by local dealers or by local assemblers, if cars were exported as kits to some country
everybody is free to investigate, openly discuss and prosecute war crimes comitted
Don't you have fireworks in the Ukraine?
what does that say about that war they are waging there?
International court would be interested in them.
Bukovyna is divided between our countries, right
and you can't just say to all this people "sorry you don't have 40 years to develop, you are now Russia", there is a price for this, and Russians weren't ready to pay this price:).
$10,000 is quite a paycheck in Ukraine today.
>gun violence isn’t really something to complain about when your nation is literally fighting a war in the east against rebels
China not supported Russian policies in Ukraine and is rather trying to preserve the Status Quo in the world because they need stability to develop their own economy.
Songs in that language sound very cool
With Trump as president, we know that the U.S most likely won't help.
I implore you to check out /r/russia, a place that only English-speaking, educated, young urban Russians visit, on famously pro-liberal Reddit, and make up your mind whether it's Putin or Russians based on what they say
Right because they warned everyone what happens when Russia starts talking about Russian minorities.
For Ukraine and it's people, it's huge.
Novorossiya was never about just Donetsk and Luhansk, but around whole SE of Ukraine, from Kharkiv to Odessa.
France is only larger than Ukraine when you include French Guiana.
I was thinking about that in the other way.
Now you don't need to have your plastic ID on you, you just need your smartphone
Every now and then, the ruling party gets desperate for political points come election, and they do something silly like when they sent that train to Kosovo which was more humiliating than anything else, but they'll be gone soon and hopefully we'll be on a better path.
Him staying in Germany would absolutely undo his previous work while also killing off quite a lot of protest momentum (they wouldn't happen in the first place)
It's just a problem that those votes weren't distributed properly.
actually, pretty much anywhere there's a democracy under threat.
Look at it this way, If sanctions hadn't been placed Russia could've done far more damage in Ukraine than they did.
>I am out of my safe-space
And they may have a good reason for that.
The more vague you are, the harder it is to catch you on lies
Petersburg is a very European City, while Moscow isn't (while Moscow is geographic in Europe).
When will we greet
Their alphabet comes from bulgaria, their origins from Ukraine as well as half of their writers, singers, etc.
When I was in Ukraine, I heard funny joke about kopiyka (their cent): "You buy nothing without it, but also you buy nothing with it".
Ukrainian here, my mother tongue is Russian and I speak Russian daily but can also understand and speak Ukrainian(because we all learn it, duh)
Ultimate goal is to retire in Albania (isn't it for all of us
* [Example 1]
I’m from Ukraine but I’ve spoken Russian all my life
If the poles think France and Germany wouldn't respond to NATO, then what the hell is NATO's purpose why not scrap it and start making alliances with visegard ...
Bonus points for going in full school uniform
How about converting tatar schools to russian ones ?
Yeah, language changes over time, and gets influenced by other languages, no surprise there.
And after that idea was rejected they wanted free Ukraine.
Belarus, Transnistria, Russia, Moldova, Ukraine.
Sure that border is being changed in a calm and peaceful way unlike in Crimea but the same thing is essentially happening.
And they were first country (with Poland) to recognize our independence
We have a lot of issues with current Ukraine (Volhyn massacre and its remembrance especially) but there are more important things.
Plus, most of the reasons for the wars in Europe are gone by this point as there's democracy everywhere, most of the Germans (and Austrians) got deported out of their former lands in central Europe and generally most of the countries are content with their situation
But, that is difficult to disagree with in Ukraine.
> Sri Lanka
50%+1 will totally vote for Le Pencil in second round
I was thinking about Warsaw for a bit.
Хшон**шч**? Хшон**щ**?
i'm working with some girls from Ukraine and they don't wanna go back.
I heard that Ukraine's electric substations were sabotaged in winter, probably also by some rebel cats...
What you want is more rationality and awareness, which our state tries to suppress.
The southern ones couls be for Russian, but the other 3 regions make no sense.
I know it's not what you mean, but o hear it was some Crimean Tatar organization that brought down the powerlines to the peninsula.
* [Bilyi nalyv] - WIKI translates it as White Transparent
It just shows how little you know on the subject, and highlights that you should not be talking
What's about Walloon
Full shutdown (tl;dr only food stores remain open) tomorrow
> Are there elections coming
I was primarily on about the baltics, Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova as the ones that I was on about.
The word "brotherly" about an ethnicity or country was very common in Soviet rhetoric, especially in the context of wars or military conflicts.
Could you translate what the video title means?
By your logic EU citizens should be responsible for not helping Ukraine and should be pointed fingers at.
The closest I can think of are the newer songs about the war and about our enemies
Not even [Polish invasion of Ukraine and partitioning it together with Russia]–Ukrainian_War).
He campaigned with "stability" stance.
For some reason, it gained quite a bit of poplarity recently, and it's really not worth it
I know Home Alone had been aired in Ukraine every year on Christmas, at least it was like this pre 2014
Isnt clear that people of Crimea and East Ukraine they dont want to live in new Ukraine?
But as I know FN always pretends that they are not the ethnonationalistic party.
Hi, I'm wondering what I as a person can do for Ukraine.
Some 20 Serbian and Montenegrin citizens, including a former commander of Serbia’s special police forces, were arrested in Montenegro during the Oct.
The Baltic states are pretty much safe.
Then, after WWI most of right bank of Ukraine was a Polish territory once again until being overtaken by the USSR in 1939.
He's cool
And as for Russian, it has almost completely replaced Belarusian in Belarus, but not Ukrainian in Ukraine, so there's something we're doing right
that's how it works in Hungary, Ukraine, Estonia, Russia and many other countries
I guess it's supposed to show the various lines people imagine when they try to divide the different regions of Europe.
I know it's foolhardy to engage in that sort of conversation, but IIRC the slogan is older than WW2, the origin is from UNR (short-lived 1917-1920 Ukrainian state before Ukrainian SSR).
The leaves are still mostly green, although the middle of October is supposed to be the traditional golden autumn with bright yellow maples and heaps of fallen foliage, and by early November, we might have had the very first snow
I was looking for this one
Not when I have to speak English after a long time of not doing so
During work hours they are free.
Village cats, however, have all the privileges of chilling outside and then eating and sleeping inside
you know as an outsider i thought that was a bit OTT.
so if Ukraine acts pragmatically it should de facto abandon this region (but not de jure) and simply maintain status quo.
Ukraine is killing and shelling civilians in the east
So what are you saying is that this law is enforced selectively without court decision?
Russian patriots on /r/russia created a thread with link to /r/ukrainianconflict/ with something like "look how butthurt they are".
Is there a map other than geographic/administrative that doesn't clearly show East-West divide?
Putin can give Crimea back to Ukraine, then Crimeans will have visa free travel
But who cares about that, let's try to be friendly and give the big bear a nice pat on the back, we wouldn't want to offend him in any way.
But Russia can find people in EE that love Russian money.
There are certain fairly specific things the army needed, like, yesterday.
Other people might be familiar with more states and where they're on the map
Yeah, what a great country we have lost!
Romania 280€/Ukraine 284€/Bulgaria 480€
I see you like to vote like this :)
In 2015 he was sentenced to a one year for illegal possession of ammunition and incitement of hatred or enmity
"Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors" (1911) Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky
On the other hand, they're not without their flaws either.
As you see, people over here(me included) aren't really that knowledgeable on the topic
But that wasn't even the point: All I meant was that the Ukraine is massive and there's a lot of space and the conflict is only in a small area.
It has nothing to do with the sanctions from the west against Russia because of the Ukraine invasion...
*files resignation from citizenship*
Sanctions do work, you just don't see it works so it's harder to measure it's success.
Anything east of maybe the Czech Republic is nebulous at best for Portuguese people.
Just to play devil's advocate, but the Russians warned everyone about their intentions in Ukraine.
And, btw., some Westerners, not knowing how was it really like to be a part of the *great Sojuz*, don't give a crap about that.
Something on TV didn't went well with reality.
How about Sanctions on Ukraine, they are bombing and shelling their civilians and the moderate opposition.
The Ukraine treaty wasn't really important to the voters, they just wanted to make a signal that they disapproved the current EU and the policies of the traditional parties.
Why should it not fit "our agenda"?
AFAIK, Mavka was redesigned to [this] and [this]
Founded thank's to Lenin support for "better representation of nationalities" in SU), "process of 300" (leaders of arts organizations, writers, filmmakers, etc.
I'm not against it per say, but I I don't see it happening.
Here is an explanation for self-explanatory thing: what is so unbelievable in having the largest army in the world and not being able to control a country with 40 millions inhabitants and the largest territory in Europe (exl.
A British businessman living in Ukraine today said he will sue the Government after his wife was refused a visa for a family trip to Britain.
Most other presidents (basically anyone except Obama) would have done this.
Without soviet help communists in Poland wouldn't have enough support to even think about starting a war.
What it's been two hours and no vacation jokes?
And it's totally fine to romaticize, I believe
However, after a few liters, you're gonna get a limescale deposit in your electric kettle and will start making a lot of whistling noise
My point is that Russians always were of infinitesimal value in science.
Most Ukrainians were against joining NATO and outside of western Ukraine anti-russian sentiment was really not existing in Ukraine.
Those are the usual windows and balcony doors here
To even suggest that something similar is in place in the UK is ludicrous.
This can't happen, because on theory it would mean ALL the countries in the world have to say - tomorrow we remove ALL the borders.
Something something heritage of monarchy something something....
and it was part of ukraine since 1954.
M'aria \*tips crown of thorns\*
Plus Russia also needs to show they are getting rid of their nukes.
Ukraine is a core interest of Russia and is therefore a red line for them.
Do you remember what happened in Ukraine, Lybia, Syria, Yemen, Tunisia, Hong Kong and many other places in the last few years?
Ukraine is not your "buffer zone" and "Russia's sphere of influence", and similar Kremlin propaganda bullshit.
Most of the polls demonstrate this though, e.g.
From my interactions with Russians I can tell that they usually can't understand spoken Ukrainian and have trouble reading it
It's a time-honored tradition - Finland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, I can go on...
Was it because they helped Serbs in the fight against NATO?
I don't know if you're in the mood for a long read, but here's a shorter answer: we think of Russian as of a native language, unless you ask a particularly nationalistic person (which we as Ukrainians have any right to be)
>I remember hearing something about another accident recently
Were there any instances of them going against proclaimed dogma?
І від почуття гумору, напевно.
Not to say there are none currently, but their number would greatly increase.
Yep, didn't have time to form a country as Poland and Russia always fucked us over, then Germans came
Probably some idiots from a nearby areas (from Zhytomyr Oblast for example) wanted to burn their fields before planting season and lost control of fire
Ukraine is divided with big parts being pro Russian.
Duga Radar Station - Chernobyl, Ukraine
It worth a visit, but the whole city is overcrowded
I think even virulent anti-immigrant countries like Hungary or Slovakia are reaching for immigrants from more eastern european countries.
If it was an EU member, things would be different, but no European country wants to spill the blood of it's citizens to protect a country they have no interest in.
Godspeed
The EU will never be willing to go as far as Russia in a showdown over it.
All his other things like this muslim ban and the wall are also defensive.
Yeah, it's not like we are able to do it today.
People work on land, preserve own produce for the winter, make their own stuff, fix clothes until they fall apart, sell what they grow, and become pretty autonomous from the state
Now they are shelling their own people.
They can now flow in and out of European borders with no controls or protocols.
It's about political censorship and political control.
I spent a week reporting from Avdiivka, Eastern Ukraine
Just a friendly reminder that Poland is literally Ukraine's biggest useful idiot right now, so shut up.
They think that "RT is just different perspective, another kind of lie, just like West is spreading", which is actually so.
This is sad, but somebody had to say this.
Why, I thought we were closest brothers
We're not going to see Russia steamroll the whole Ukraine are we?
They're unlikely to be incorrect.
Dude
Trine's cool though, Control even more so
* with cabbage and/or mushrooms;
They successfully downplay the fact that the local population also rose up against them.
I hate to fall victim to Godwin's law, but extreme comparisons are often instructive: would a French person have been all that sad if a Nazi German ambassador was assassinated somewhere?
Finland wants to have the best artillery in Europe (and the world) Because of the experiences gained in the war between Ukraine and Russia has shown artillery is still very relevant
They might plan on using Ukraine as a buffer state to avoid large conscript armies for the time being, or German political elites want to only gradually introduce militarism into a country that had pacifism beaten into it.
Al' jedan je Mauzer
Disagree so much(
Can be stored in winter
Strange how that hasn't happened.
Every article they print references the Ukraine National Security and Defense Council with maps of enemy military positions, lines of skirmish and unlawful attacks on unarmed civilians marked on the map with exploding emojis.
2017 is a bad year to be Ukraine.
Option A: Establishing trade with EU and working toward EU membership in Ukraine is popular.
Guess that has nothing to do with billions of dollars debt Ukraine has towards Gazprom.
Basically, European level prices for very not European level service
But i understand that they have their own reasons.
I started in Istanbul then flew to Chisinau, did a day trip to Tiraspol, crossed back into Iasi and then looped around Romania, counter-clockwise, flying home out of Bucharest.
"Those wacky Easterners/brown people don't know how to democracy".
Does Greta Hottentothenberg approve of this
Do you have no sympathy for them?
That's a rhetorical question
If there's a specific city mentioned as well, people know the city
And also a "Queue"
EU ministers press Russia over fighting in Ukraine
Look to the Carpathian mountains in Slovakia or western Ukraine.
First of all, give me a link to a EU document, not some national one.
thats incredible
Happy to hear, that means that I made the right choice when picked those who are known by anyone who had at least some contact with Ukrainian culture
But most of the people don't go that deep and use just East-West
I'm talking about [Battle of Poltava] .We took your side hoping that we together could win that battle and Ukraine will be independent
And well what would you know, a guy that defends Russian invasion and annexation of Crimea and supporting Russian rebels in E.
In Russia corruption is commonplace, just like Ukraine.
We have the same exact thing with Russians over Ihor Sikorsky and Kazymyr Malevych.
The US president is a Berlusconi type?
Because of that, activists peacefully protest, by the motto "No capitulation
For example in [Novobogdanovka]Взрывы_артиллерийских_складов_в_Новобогдановке) in 2004 (same place in 2005&2006).
The dough is traditionally made with flour, milk whey/sour milk, egg, salt, baking soda (to make the dough grow)
In December, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Ukraine and Poland would act jointly to block projects that could result in Gazprom gaining greater access to the European gas market by bypassing Ukraine.
Not a lot of people in the West really care about Ukraine, so if business interests are at stake, politicians can throw the Ukraine under the bus.
And so on
Also
Yes, but not right next to the entrance door - we have a hallway without any rugs or carpet, only linoleum, so we can walk with our shoes on there
Derived from the Russian word for "black" (cherny), chernukha began as a perestroika phenomenon, a rejection of the enforced optimism of official Soviet culture
Also I appreciate the Mordovia.
Well if I remember correctly it was Ukraine who decided against NATO membership.
Ukraine should simply understand that every country including US and Russia has to respect interests of other countries.
But it's not as much about the means and the adequacy of translation as to how compact and precise English is comparing to some other languages, and it doesn't look poor as long as you read in English
Love the idea, I think Frankie Goes to Hollywood already explored this in “Two Tribes” and their answer was that no one wins
You should worry more about unannounced large scale military exercise near OUR borders, our airspace violations, abduction of an Estonian citizen from Estonia or increasing militarization in Kaliningrad and what message that sends to us.
The soft **Г** is breathy and transliterates to H (in English: *happy, house*)
Euro Integration won`t help either, because it is not fair deal.
) find г hard to pronounce
Ukraine's demographic decline is fascinating.
True enough but Crimea voted overwhelmingly to leave Ukraine in '91.
* Dallas
I didn't know a single person that got presents from Grandfather frost.(from west)
That’s interesting
> Now im sad :(
If you start wars, you can be killed.
Personal development is absent; people rarely travel within the country (usually to visit relatives) and never travel abroad
This year in March there is 75 years from mass massacre in Koriukivka, Ukraine - 6700 civilians killed in nazis punitive operation, the whole village was destroyed (1300 houses were burned down, only 10 survived)
I tried to do the train station, and damn what an ordeal (mostly because of the language barrier).
As for "places can be persuaded" I don't think it would be possible in the current circumstances.
No brother countries here
But when the time came for Yanukovych to face the music, he was a coward and fled.
Well, it's not like Russia has any grounds to complain.
Volhyn massacre
What else cliches people have about Ukrainians
Armenian case just gives Putin a lucky chance to do war with the third party hands
Understandable, but on a personal level at least four more years without visiting Ireland will be hard
It was about gun violence, not just homicide rate
And also homo sapiens)
Invasion of Crimea is a simplistic representation of the facts: Crimeans first voted with large majority to become independent of Ukraine.
But even 25 years going West the situation is tough for us.
This conspiracy theory (let's call it so) has gained so much traction it even has a [WIKI page]
based
From the other side, Kyiv is surrounded by a deep forest full of animals
You know, before Maidan I never felt such strong feelings for Ukraine.
Schengen makes it possible, not EU
Genuinely curious
Usually you can tell who is the owner of the media company.
It's bones sky and blood
However, we don't study Russian at school and it doesn't have the official status
Probably not made for or by anyone from /r/europe
Those are very different things.
The main objective at the moment is to make everything available in Russian also available in Ukrainian: books, movies, TV-shows, youtube, etc
So your is not a moral stand against Russia annexing part of Ukraine,
Most apartments have this buffer zone with a closet or hangers for the outer clothing, a shoe rack, and a tall mirror
Because the population in that strip is highly pro-Russia.
Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of her other realms and territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith, Protector of the Realm
Edit: I was born and live in Kharkiv (an almost 100% Russian-speaking city) and I like the laws supporting Ukrainian language, if someone's interested
Russian leaders responsibility is to fight for Russia's natural interest, not to care about pacifism which has no place in the game of geopolitics.
Kyiv has metro
These were not "invasions" but as usual "Russian patriots", "peacekeepers", "volunteers with fighter jets" whatever.
My Ukrainian is rusty, looks like Ukraine only.
Also, Moscow was built illegally, needs to be demolished.
Also Poles kinda tend to mumble accidentally, because the way a lot of words are pronounced, with the mouth being partially closed.
By any West European standard, 90% of our sidewalks (mostly considered perfectly walkable by locals) are basically a pile of asphalt thrown into the mud and leveled a bit
And in terms of name complexity is pretty similar to the old one, so not much changed there
Please make it end
Yeah, according to online dictionaries Bangladesh is feminine in Russian and Ukrainian but masculine in Polish and Croatian lol
His baseless statement was a reply to your baseless presupposition that "majority of Russians want to discredit the independence of Ukraine as much as they can."
GTA 6: Brat
Many people on the West don't realize that Soviet Union is equal to Nazi Germany in its anti-human acts
Estonia is the most advanced country in Europe and might be in the whole world, even Switzerland learned some shit from them, like free public transport
It means "If somebody didn't hide, it's not my fault"
Neither president has had the balls to do something to them since these channels belong to oligarchs
Wanted to mention you, too, but it's more complicated, and I didn't want to end up throwing shade (this time)
I'm with the German panel on this one.
You surely do a great favor to our country representation out there with all those "alternative opinion" comments
Though try to come when it is not yet depressingly earlywinterish.
Russia does not need Donetsk and Luhansk, they are poor and destroyed regions.
Ukraine is not so far from Romania for instance, and it's cheaper than going West...
You know they never teach you that the Latvians won the war for the Red Army in world history.
I met a girl in Ukraine October 2015 and we speak 4-5 days a week over whattsapp.
Belarus is buffer zone for them, the same as Ukraine.
"You have lost weight, do you eat at all
5 billions of State Department funds spent in Ukraine to undermine the government and undersecretary of state Victoria Nuland (who wanted to "fuck the EU") selecting the new government even before the president was removed by a nationalist coup.
We are a constitutional monarchy with a Prime Minister as HoG.
China — Китай [Kytai]
His campaign started way before the elections when he produced and starred in a TV show called "Servant of the People" where he played an ordinary guy that accidentally was elected to be the president of Ukraine
The Bulgarians and the Slavs merged to become basically one people...that's about it.
Although in spring, when it's usually +13-15 C and sometimes +18, you stick to padded vests or light jackets and sheepishly take them off if you go on a picnic
**Pylyp Orlyk** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
You can tell it's liquid because it's leaking out of its eyes
Fuck winter
Yeah I guess it's completely fine if China invades Hawai,and Ukraine it's too big of a country,clearly they holding Crimea was ridiculous.
> incredible haircuts
Used to love milk when I lived in the village, there was real milk from cows, not this "milk like drink" which is sold in our shops
Sure, here are a few works that we read at school
I thought rulers of Commonwealth were actually Lithuanians residing on Polish throne as the country had the higher status before merging
Yes, Ukrainian pronunciation is close to the spelling, as long as you can hear some minuscule nuances
Russia doesn't need to say no, they don't need to say anything.
And many think that it will last for a much longer time.
(I was jokingly hinting at my own [pathos] in the previous reply)
There's no "Hungarian" part of Ukraine, the region where our Hungarian minority lives has the following ethnic composition as per 2001 census:
Germany goes to Poland, then Poland goes to Ukraine, and then Ukraine goes to Russia.
Russia used to care a LOT about good relations with Ukraine because Ukraine is extremely important from a strategic view, even more so when they still controlled Crimea.
However, Ukraine also appears to be a whopping three times poorer than Belarus in per capita terms!
It still was a good power management point.
At least you have the fucking balls to say it
Still, I understand how one could come to different conclusions.
You're extremely naive to think that elections in Ukraine would have happened in a fair way.
The starving was not just in Ukraine.
European leaders just need to be able to put up a firm stance.
A story is a story and a translator makes a choice on how to deliver it with the means of another language
On the other hand, it opens up possibilities and leeways for collosal corruption and schemes and should we allow it, we're going to have our oligarchs suck money out of our state into their pockets, like vampires they are
Some want to become Russia
Cannot be
British English
" (i.e., how do you feel
People here allow themselves to plunder
It's wonder me we have some our words sounds similar in Dutch
So they would try and fuck the EU over in that referendum.
From the rest of the world it's Japan, but i don't know why, I don't like anime or Japanese food, but I'm in big love with Japan
There was a repressive response to the russian protests in the Ukraine.
But Austria is like second home for me (over 2 months in Vienna and Niederösterreich)
*Ф Шчебжешинє хшонж бжмі ф тшчінє*, am I doing any good
For example, there are many separatist movements in Russia, Ukraine but nothing appears on this map.
Right, when Ukraine is over Russia will be back to talking about Baltic fascists.
As for the literature itself, we have these textbooks called "*хрестоматії/khrestomatiyi*" which is a collection of literary works for the curriculum
There are very few people left who speak like that, most of them if not all of them are old people from Kresy region(former eastern Poland, nowadays southern Lithuania, western Belarus, western Ukraine) who grew up in places with significant eastern slavs minority.
In the countryside, guard dogs live outside; only the smallest mutts are let in
the Baltics are easy to explain since they have large Russian populations but I don't know what's going on with Fins supposedly moving to Russia.
We ironically call Russians "dear brothers" (*bratushki*) or "mouse brothers" (*myshe-bratiya*) which is similar in sound with the phrase "but we're brothers" (*my zhe bratiya)* that they like to repeat while twisting their knife in our territorial integrity
Ukrainians **1m**
We'll never know, but things might have gone *very* differently for Ukraine [with a nuclear deterrent]#Denuclearization).
But in my factual answer I'll join my Russian colleagues
Usually security service has better job to do, than track singers.
AFAIK, Mavka was redesigned to [this] and [this]
Stop stealing from my plate
Who's the minority, really
Will they make a "Der Junge Adolf Hitler"?
It's not poor, rather weak
Wow the West gave political support and some MEPs went to Ukraine, the horror.
Who is chasing Ukraine, please?
He didn't even dare to invade Ukraine, I mean a full blown invasion (he snatched Crimea and perhaps hoped to make Eastern Ukraine, which has traditionally voted for the pro Russian party break away from Kiev after Maidan, but didn't succeed in that except in the Donbass, Crimea-style).
Lemonade makes perfect sense in this regard, Sprite does not.
Gee, wonder how Ukraine is coming along in joining the EU.
The main meal like breakfast, lunch, or dinner is usually discussed so everyone knows which ingredients are for the cooking and what is being planned, so they don't just snack but adjust to the eating habits of the house (i.e., don't take what they like from the fridge)
Source - part of my family hails from Dnipro delta, <100 km from Crimea.
That Putin is a great leader and Western leaders are all shills.
Comradeship with Ukraine is a big thing now, and most people don't know anything about the Bandera death squads.
Delivery
"UA: First" former (UT-1) operated by the National Public Broadcasting Company of Ukraine, to be honest, I never saw anyone watching it, they're really outdated and can't compete with private channels (most of which belongs to oligarchs)
The media never fixates on negativity, IMO
> Zaporizhia was located in the region around Kakhovka Reservoir in today's south-eastern Ukraine (much of its territory is now flooded by the reservoir)
The illegal Russian annexation does not change that fact.
It looks completely natural until you try to translate this text and start looking for synonyms to eliminate this repetition because otherwise, the mental image of your school language and literature teacher will frown at you
As Ukraine almost lost army before with help of Russians.
E.g., to feed with promises
Bears, deer, wolves, all of them are now in plenty there
Overwhelming majority of Polish metal bands sing in English anyway.
The only reason Russia got away with invading Ukraine is because it wasn't a member of NATO.
Haven't the Ukrainians already blown up Russian tanks in Ukraine?
Ok, you decided not to create your own literary standard
_And the hotel's the real graveyard_
So imagine working families that make tons of *pelmeni* to maintain their calorific intake in a relatively cold climate
Ukraine also can be consistent with it's own laws, and not enforcing them selectively.
Permanent low level war in the East of Ukraine is want Russia wants.
That is not to say that other countries weren't affected but the death toll in Ukraine was by far the highest.
You have terrible tack records with those - a dozen of revolutions and only two won, and one of them won so badly people cried out for a new dictator just to get rid of the revolutionaries
R1a-Z93* is found in Poland and Russia but this lineages are not ancestral to Indo-Iranian Z93.
*7 million dead* that are being dragged into every relevant argument lately are those 7 million that died during famine of 1932-1933 that affected not only Ukraine, but Kazakhstan, Northern Caucasus, Belarus, Ural and western Siberia, from which at least 3 million were deaths in areas other than Ukraine.
The photos are from Belarus, Ukraine, and Russia (Orthodox churches there still keep Julian calendar and the ice bath happens around Jan 19).
I think it is much better then McDonald's
So, simply another opt-out for Austria and Ireland?
Yes, area around Chernobyl
P.S. Some that books that i want to suggest aren't aveilable in English, so i didn't add them to the list
* **The Doox**
It's a limbo state at the moment, exactly what Russia seems to want.
_And we shall be masters_
If visa free travel could change the gas market, the invasion in Luhansk and Donetsk would have changed it 100x as much, but it didn't.
Russia
It also helps to have a friendly neighbor that also happens to be the largest economy in Europe, rather than a corrupt authoritarian country that actively tries to corrupt yours.
6% were Ukrainians, and 28
Do you think that the majority of people who watch RT believe eg.
Still, Eastern Europeans need to get their shit together and build up their armed forces as a response to Russian posturing (or in the case of Ukraine and Georgia, outright aggression).
I live smack in the middle of a 1M+ city and my work is literally seven minutes down the street by foot
Джон мейд хіз вей ту е тавєрн сру зе дарк форест, онлі ту файнд аут зет хі форгот зе мані.
The EU is expanding, and in this expansion drift they're going to add country's that shouldn't be in the EU for it to be a strong entity.
Mainly from you being in a similar position to Russia and Russia attempting to do that at the moment
It's very popular in the Ukraine, I think it's a sign of their aspirations of joining the E.U and a fuck you towards Russia.
> What are they like
You too can beome an unstoppable ratings machine, bigger then the Donald!
*None* of that is possible without explicit support from Kremlin (and its chief)
Captured from the Ukrainian army.
That family has lived in Ukraine for over 70 years, that's 3 generations
Russian news sites say they got approved visa free status, good into effect in summer, but I can't find anything on western news about it.
Russia:  Ukranian-Soviet war ( 1917–21),  Holodomor (great famine in 1932-1933), UPA status
In the west people tend to argue whether or not they can add lemons or other fruits to borsht to make it sweeter or soirer
I consider Western-Russia (including Moscow) to be part of Europe, also Cyprus (even though it's geographically in Asia).
**Ivan Sirko** (Cossacks Warlord)
We used to have a carpet there but disregarded it all the time, so we've removed the carpet and now it's just linoleum which is easy to mop
Edit: apparently, some people thought that this is not a real story
People speaking on Bilorussian language treated as opposition and landed in jail
I believe the post USSR countried have the most though.
For a non-Maltese the first three words look like some totally random combination of letters
After the immense destruction of the city, and it's latter reconstruction.
The referendum was hijacked by (mostly) right-wing populist who wanted to damage the EU and the traditional parties.
Yeah, consular processing fee is a thing everywhere.
When General Kulchitsky did not let him sit on helicopter b because it was overloaded with supplies for soilders on m.Karachun, unfortunately the helicopter was later shot down
I wouldn't say it just stopped in 2014 - it had been slowly diminishing through the 2000s. Now we have equal amounts of news about Russia, Belarus, Poland (which is significantly less for Russia)
Ukraine has many challenges such as corruption et al.
Not much, at least since 2014
this particular Patriarch rule some other country's Orthodox Churches.
The one that I have rarely seen mentioned outside of Ukrainian culture is mavka.
I do my best to speak without, but if i can't i wouldn't feel ashamed for this
A few thousand tonns of rare metals will be more than enough for profit
* [**Узвар/uzvar**] - a drink made with boiled [dried fruit] - apple, pear, plum, raisins
I agree with you in general terms, but I don't know why they require visas for Ukrainians (or why Ukraine require visas for Americans, if that's the case) so I can't say whether this specific restriction is right or wrong.
Not an expert on the subject, but I have Ukrainian friends and was in Western Ukraine for NYE.
Best bet for peace or for peaceful reintegration of Donbass into Ukraine would be to wait until 2019 when a new Ukrainian president is elected; one that doesn't have the baggage of Poroshenko.
[This] was nonexistent
So lets say, that Macron will win.
Most of our doctors after finishing study here, goes to germany as well (3x bigger wage).
Even cultural shift was enormous with Ukrainian celebrities replacing Russian ones, even the church became independent from Russia (500-year challenge)
Its a difficult situation and they should be getting more help but even in areas they do have more control over the progress hasn't been quick enough if there at all in some cases.
In America, there are many working actors who are native russian speakers, but such actors rarely get roles as speaking russian or just russian or ukrainian characters
* A female name (not one word, but a concept)
And you don't even have to be EU national yourself to travel through all these countries
yet
I think it's Ukrainian revolution of 1917-1919 that followed Russia's defeat in WWI
Mainly for having very beautiful women, alcohol and also for another thing that people love watching when they are alone, if you know what I mean.
Corruption exists but is not strong enough to spoil it for us, the same goes for bureaucracy and politics.
Regardless of this, Russia *is* a terrorist state which murders its opponents in the West, never mind Ukraine (where, among others, it murdered almost 300 Dutch, Malaysian and other civilians)
>The passengers took control of the public address system on Wednesday afternoon between Antwerp and Mechelen, **the city that Nazis and their collaborators used as an internment and dispatch station for Jews whom they sent to be murdered in Poland
It was at around 25% pre linguistic reforms.
Often these articles have very little to do with facts.
Ukraine didn't have the facilities to prevent the annexation of Crimea.
Well, whole south-eastern border should be drawn in some other way.
Here's a map of ethnic Ukrainian [population] and the lower right portion still remains within Russia despite being more Ukrainian than some other parts of the country like Crimea (which was Tatar not Russian)
The most widespread one is that waging an aggressive war in Europe is outrageous and unacceptable, although not everyone is ready to follow their words with actions (like economic sanctions).
I hope you know that the Ukraine is not in the EU
I would definitely recommend doing that as long as the weather is nice, but I heard it just snowed in Kyiv so maybe the bikes won't work out so well now.
Please correct me if I am wrong.
'Priviet' - russian (ukrainian too?) 'Hi'
Such is life in eastern Europe((((
Trailer for Oliver Stone's documentary "Ukraine on Fire" - What is causing the fragility of peace in Europe?
We have had as good relationships as we could have had.
Ukrainian medic Natalia and ambulance driver were killed yesterday in East Ukraine near Avdiivka
Some of them, like Ukraine's position in the world, are a zero-sum game.
Nothing new
lol, ask any of Russia or China's client-states how well they liked Soviet rule.
Trust me
But not the enirity of Estonia or Latvia, and Crimea is kinda geographically separated from Ukraine, shouldn't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ?
That Europe = Western Europe
Always asking: how is it Crimea got in Russia from Ukraine?
We haven't had any serious conflicts between Moldovans and Ukrainians as far as I know.
Since our politics and life in the country heavily depends on (especially) Russia, Poland, USA and EU in general, I personally find it hard to be completely ignorant what's going in there
Why would you want to water down wine
The French are able to burn even the Eiffel Tower, which is metal
Will you restore the previous democratically elected government that was overthrown by force without regard for the population that elected it while the West applauded?
That is when Lithuania was truly free and was reborn again.
The Great Patriotic War (1941-45) was essentially equated with WWII, and the USSR almost single-handedly won this war
That's what we're worried about.
It's also a stupid comparison to make, because countries such as Ukraine and Belarus have remained firmly under Russian influence, so it only speaks more of their failure as a state to reform after the fall of the USSR.
I mean, a translator chooses how to translate, but look how every option influences the mood while in the English sentence it's all at once unless something else is added/specified
As you know language travels faster than genetics, it's been shown time and time again.
If people get confused over the words' original gender, this just puts the last nail in the coffin of bullshit peculiarities of our language
If you somehow don't consider that above mentioned events have decisive effect on Ukraine GDP slump, we have nothing to talk about.
Ukraine is not a part of the EU.
Aeneas was a lively fellow
No sun, no sky, just endless stream of windows
>I find it hard to believe any more than roughly 1/3 of the population supports that shit
> [Ukraine] Has never been a member
Point in case
Which one
It didn't work out too well for him or for Ukraine.
He may be a mafioso, but he actually knows what he does.
Героям слава!
Especially their language, history and culture
The same applies to Brexit and Russian aggression in Ukraine.
Okay so I'm going to play the devil's advocate here but that was very predictable and an **epic failure** of the European diplomacy.
With cirrent tempo only Ukraine and Turkey will be left in EU soon /s
After Transnistria, Crimea, East of Ukraine and many more smaller cases I'll never believe in poor innocent Russian soldiers doing nothing wrong and being suddenly attacked by mighty superpowers like Georgia
Well, my country (Poland) is in a similar situation as yours.
Block SWIFT for any transactions with Russia besides contract-based oil and gas supplies till Russia stops occupying a sovereign European country, issues official apologies for MH17 and pays compensations to victims' families
This looks like a metro map
What does she mean 'still have to protest this shit.' Probably reusing signs she saw on the Internet.
Not from Ukraine, but I remember Russian channel ran a story about how ancient Ukrainians dug up the Black Sea so they could wash themselves
Here if can either have old wooden windows (still with double glazing though), or this sort of windows if you ever upgraded them in the last 20 years
Ukraine can do as they please with their country.
* [Bilyi nalyv] - WIKI translates it as White Transparent
Ukraine is pretty quite, there are no large-scale attacks or any changes in the territories for a while now.
Whilst Ukraine doesn't have a lion on its national coat of arms, here's 1996 proposition of [Great coat of arms] (aka unofficial coat of arms of Ukraine).
To see such an amazing artifact is a rare feat and we spent several hours there on our short weekend trip
Don't know, but we totally need high wall right there
we still call it nazism and you don't see nazis walking around, pretending that hitler did his own thing and it has nothing to do with nazis
I was about to ask whether you were natively American, on account of your sentence syntax, but your flair gave me all the answers I needed.
The fact she's handicapped has nothing to do with the issue.
because even the shittiest job in Poland pays times more than a good job in Ukraine
It's unwieldy and heavy, and might be a problem if I decide to move, but I can't afford a freshly dug hole in the ground anyway.
So no, absolutely no sympathy for them.
These are served with sour cream or honey
Until Khrushchev transferred Crimea in the 1950s they were Russian.
Places like the Balkans, Moldova or Ukraine.
* Varenyky with the cottage cheese are in the category of their own
What is wrong with Moldova and Ukraine?
Was Ukraine a NATO ally, I thought they were friendly with Russia at least until the whole Crisis?
Beijing - Пекін (Pekin) comes to mind
Extra-realistic flags: Ukraine
The term Kievan Rus' was created by
But Russian control of Crimea is set in stone, it's never going back to Ukraine.
Number 4 and 5 hurt me almost physically
But you know what, we are also envious of you
140 ha with a yacht pier, an equestrian club, a shooting range, a tennis court, a private zoo, an automobile museum, a golf course, an ostrich farm, a barge, a dog kennel, and a private zoo
It's demonstrated both their growing aggressiveness and our weakness.
The attitude "we are independent, we can do whatever we want" doesn't work in real world.
And may I ask how is NATO anti-Russian organization?
From  available in English , you can try:
The official rules from Ukraine regarding this are found [here] I'm somewhat skeptical about this entire filmmaking thing, though - not only because it can look rather suspicious, but because I found this within ten seconds of googling.
well, they're not exactly stable.
You're being downvoted because you are engaging in the same kind of bullshit disinformation the Russians have been.
Elderly people often call each other using patronymics only, e.g., *good morning, Oleksandrivna* (literally, a daughter of Oleksandr, of-Oleksandr), *did you see the concert on TV last night
Probably some idiots from a nearby areas (from Zhytomyr Oblast for example) wanted to burn their fields before planting season and lost control of fire
You can't blame for example, Katalonia, Basks, Andalusia, and whoever for getting their independence if you support separatists in other countries
Food
See, I've never heard the term Hitlerism, while I'm sure it exists
Donetsk, Lugansk and Crimea were, but they're already little out
The Dnipro Rapids were a major portage on the north-south Dnipro trade route
Jews are fine and safe in Ukraine.
I will always be for 3 floors max
Stories tell of the first precious supplies of bread being given specifically to the (no longer) sick children, prompting an immediate relapse
Friendly fire happens all the time.
Sometimes I wonder if I use too much, but otherwise, the melody of the sentence breaks, and it's difficult to read
> Are there elections coming
We have Lithuanian-Polish-Ukrainian Brigade, Dalia Grybauskaite, the President of Lithuania, supports Ukraine and frequently speaks about it on TV and we (Ukraine & Lithuania) were pretty close historically.
If they want to take something from the fridge, they just ask
* Pollution
It's populated by 30% Russians.
Papers leaked by Ukraine hackers showed that the Russians wanted to have bigger territories in the Ukraine and couldn't even get that.
Who is the successor of Frankish Empire, Germany or France?
Most of the news is about our "inner kitchen", but sometimes some key news from Russia  also present
Either your prices are even lower than ours or that is a very mediocre ice cream
So it's either - no info or some articles about how hard Russia makes it living in Ukraine.
Don't be fooled by the Russian bravado on sanctions.
You probably comparing discrimination policies with genocide
The only difference between Ukraine and "Western civilisation" is very corrupted government.
You realize there's more land in Ukraine that's currently at stake than just Crimea right?
Rest of the counties form a chain loop
The economy and the elite are not static, they adapt.
Sword warfare < cannon warfare << nuclear warfare <<< twitter warfare
[KHAYAT - OSOKA]
In fact I wouldn't be surprised if literal "fuck" is used more often than "лайно" in these globalized days
Ukraine bans Russian singer from Eurovision over Crimea visit
I can't find where it says something about illegal occupation by Ukraine.
Planets and unknown worlds are awaiting of you
Name (e.g., Mariya) + Patronymic derived from the father's name ([daughter] of Petro --> Petrivna) + Last Name (Moroz)
It's because in Russian language the word "Родина" (motherland) is feminine
We do the in Ukrainian
That's the widest stop line I have ever seen
Although he can't go full retard against Russia.
Maybe they need to hire PR-firm for the start.
Why would Crimeans not want to stay with Russia?
However, I just found out that u/mateiz3 already made a similar map earlier, so be sure to check out [their version] as well, it includes some more art
What's the value of American words now?
omg, I thought it only was my school, that wanted me to write German in cursive
This amount looks like average Ukrainian wage
But being outside - no
What you see as Russian aggression, they see as being defensive.
Currently Russia is achieving this 100% certainty by clandestine-military means but in Minsk it agreed to swap it over to the means of constitutional reform in Ukraine where regions will be able to block NATO.
From Ukrainian perpective, it makes sense since "krug" is the length of a drawn circle in geometry, as well as circled/concentrated movement, but many other "rounds words" consistently have the "kolo" root, as well as the word "circle" itself
we still call it nazism and you don't see nazis walking around, pretending that hitler did his own thing and it has nothing to do with nazis
There is no dispute to be had, it's simply a fact.
Where Chemberland give them Sudets
I've seen a lot of Swiss customers who searched for remote employees for different jobs related to IT
I'm pretty sure nothing beats Chornobyl.
Wow, didn't know they were from Ukraine!
Can you show me where i said that?
Ukraine was destabilized by a hostile country, with economic devastation brought by a war, which obviously makes it harder to fulfill EU accession requirements.
interests since they generally don't align with the rest of the world's, but I really dislike that by doing so he's caused democracy to recede in Russia, thousands of deaths in Ukraine and the ME, and God knows how many other things.
They've been in it for 8 or so years
Are you heavily Orthdox
Seems like a road where you'd need to back in your car until you and the car coming at you are able to pass each other
Involved in several wars (Ukraine, Syria).
Relations with Russia have soured in the past few years but they're far beyond what they were 30+ years ago.
Chicken Kiev
When they cause disturbance or can't be trusted with themselves, they're detained/hospitalized
I'm a cat person to keep it as a pet, but I like certain dog breeds like Bullterrier, Staffordshire Terrier, Doberman, Corgi
Cannot sing
Image 7: Putin, get out of Syria and Ukraine.
Russian Nationalist militias in Ukraine.
Ukrainian police say former Russian lawmaker Denis Voronenkov has been shot and killed in Kiev
It seems as though Russia could do so much without sending divisions of tanks across their border and "invading" a NATO country.
They are speaking too hard, seems like rude
It helps to stay warm
In Europe it's Italy, because I love their food, history, landscapes
Especially Poland, Lithuania, Georgia and Canada
Szijjártó hopes, as he said, that Ukraine will not eventually pass the legislation, based on which only the Ukrainian language could be used in public places as well as in everyday life.
would you not accept in principle that it is correct both to act with a degree of sensitivity towards other people's deeply felt cultural beliefs in general
Yes, I have a box dedicated to my home clothes that include summer and winter items as well as clothes intended for doing maintenance work (e.g., painting a surface) or going to a forest
Sorry if I gave that impression.
I like being a spectator of it
Also, the more traditional for the former USSR countries beach+sea destinations in Turkey, Egypt, etc
* **pheasant**: basically gamey chicken, great on the grill
All the land from both ends is covered with air defences.
] a door*. Same in Russian, *открыть [что?] дверь*.
He remained loyal and thus didn't go to jail.
You are completely right, don't pay attention to trolls.
Most of what's considered East Europe is in European Union.
That isn't true for Balkans(excluding Greece) and Eastern Europe though due to the main problems still being a thing
There is no animosity between ethnic groups in Ukraine.
Much more efficient and cheaper.
Morocco, Turkey (although I'm not sure they have that desire anymore), rest of Balkans, Ukraine I guess.
I know that prior to Euromaidan Russia financed Ukraine.
Did you see the orange revolution on Ukraine?
Taking into consideration simultaneous policies like korenizatsiya (where national identities are allowed to thrive due to the Soviet belief that nationalities wouldn't matter when socialism succeeded and nothing but the class struggle would be important), I genuinely think it's absurd to label this a "genocide".
There is a war in Europe right now, see Ukraine, which will also probably not be the last.
Since our politics and life in the country heavily depends on (especially) Russia, Poland, USA and EU in general, I personally find it hard to be completely ignorant what's going in there
All other former Soviet republics are also in disfavour.
And of course blaming others for what you think they think
We should probably forget the whole thing, who cares anyway.
What do you think, is it possible that Ireland will join the Schengen agreement post brexit
It's like post-civil war US
We're not exactly known for holding grudges, though.
Almost kicked in the face some drunken Austrian who behaved very rude and superior
I mean if you go through his twitter he directly contradicts himself on many occasions.
I saw this shit happening several times in Ukraine and Moldova.
I think he cared about Ukraine more than Poroshenko.
Wasn't it gloating over local bad news?
Things we have to be prepared for.
Not everyday of course, but it's standard thing to see at holiday tables and as закуска during parties
Moreover Ukraine should have granted full access for the EU goods.
Plenty of reasons why even those who liked the idea of Russian Crimea may have voted to remain if it actually came to a legitimate referendum.
> Just look Bolivia and how pathetically they tried with Venezuela
Poland: So...US going into isolation, unstable world economy, Germany considering militarization against increasingly aggressive Russia...is it *this* time of century again?
Starman David Bowie song, man...
Waves of compression in botox in his face
Attempted coup in Montenegro, constant threats to the Baltics and Poland.
He said that Crimea is de jure Ukraine, but de facto Russia.
Ukraine has this problem as well
Serbs call Russians their "orthodox brothers" but when Russia invades orthodox majority countries like Ukraine and Georgia Serbs support Russia as always lol
So they began to worship the ol' good days
Yeah, right
-7C and high humidity = unpleasant; the cold is crawling under your clothes
History knows some examples, but they're relatively few and far between.
*poor Russia, always bullied by evil West*
> Pessimistic neo-naturalism and muckraking during and after glasnost
That's how they call them in Ukraine, and pretty much only there.
The second one remunds me of Gaul cities in Rome.
In a zero sum world their loss is our gain.
Why offer Ukraine visa free travel and threaten Brits with having to pay for a visa?
This is our alive meme, song about erotic things
Not quite, we still need Serbia and Ukraine for the complete revision....
Ukrainian made indie games, bought few games but never played in them since i don't have much time for videogames now
If you are refering to the Dutch referendum on the EU-Ukraine agreement, the "no" camp won that one.
My guess would be [Taras Shevchenko] one of the most know and influential Ukrainian poets and artists.
Because you are very clearly using this title as bait.
The white church that the city was named after existed during the times of Kievan Rus and was destroyed by the mongols
Russians did it, are controlling the area and are trying to do everything to conceal what they did
You've portrayed Ukraine so accurately: it shows not only our country's physical state but emotional too
I agree, it's an incredibly weird line of thinking.
Yeah, they were very very polite when took the report from us, but we learned that policemen there are volunteers
It was fucking germany among other EU members who destroyed democratic government of Ukraine established fascists regime and started genocidal war on Russian population of Ukraine, basically WW3.
) and must agree with the first name in gender, number, and case
And when I said sovereign i was talking about Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, ....
>And do Ukrainians think of Russian as one of (behind Ukrainian) "their" languages, or as the language of the invader
Hard to keep peace with foreign forces shooting down passenger jets over your skies.
Yep and Kuban' and Kazakhstan both had significant Ukrainian population.
Ukraine was no dictatorship, it was a working democracy.
I live 30km form Verona lol :)
Nice, these are much better, you should have posted these here on /r/europe.
I am from Ukraine
The closest is the part that says they would seek UN action if Ukraine became the victim of nuclear weapons or was threatened by nuclear weapons, but Russia invaded with conventional forces and to my knowledge has not threatened to use nukes.
The was no civil war in Ukraine lol russians invaded Ukraine and started killing innocent people.
Not a native, but articles
You can't blame them after you've invaded the Ukraine right after they wanted to shift more towards the west.
nobody saw any reason for Russia to attack Ukraine and yet it still happened.
I checked Ukraine also had agreements with the EU(EC) since 93.
My putinloving relatives there all have Russian citizenship (together with local one) because quite similar "state program" is functioning.
Um, homosexuality was a crime in USSR.
But this winter snow was 2 days
Ukraine: TV Channel Ordered Banned
You said "that was actually true though".
They say that people of Crimea also fleed from central government that opressed them
Even if they won't have my best interests in mind
XX: UPA
It's their thing; maybe because when older people meet later in life, they start with addressing each other by Name+Patronymic and then just shorten it for convenience without going too informal and juvenile
The point doesn't make sense in regards to sanctions.
Now it seems to be completely gone
Don't tell me she's fishing for communists' votes.
This always happens with Dutch people.
* Liudmyla (liked by people);
I'll pay you to stop using "Czechia." I'd live in any Slavic country I haven't visited yet (Belarus, Ukraine, Russia, Poland or Slovakia).
Also, if you have a legal residence permit in Germany, I believe you are free to travel to other Schengen countries for up to 90 days as well without needing to apply for a visa yourself.
I mean, it's just stalinism, leninism, berianism, holodomorism, gulagism nkvdism, kgbism, stazism happened to occur in the same period, just an unlucky coincidence for a cummunist party
Usually it is said after something brave is done
Any Ukrainians here can share their take on him?
Givi was Ukrainian citizen of Ossetian descent.
The Russian song was boring af (But I loved the performing) and the Ukraine song was way better.
Or Roxolana (aka Hurrem Sultan)
"When will you pass
It's a Ukrainian population heatmap starting from the 16th century (red) to the beginning of the 20th century (bright  yellow)
Ah yes the pictures of greater Italy sure are nice.
That's hilarious
I thought it is Soviet thing
For those who don't know: Russia already did this trick in Abhazia.
But with time, the feeling started to appear, that we are pissed in the eyes.
Perhaps a permanent lease (with strings attached, such as no invasions, but guarantees of no NATO in Ukraine) would be agreeable.
Showing it as part of Ukraine gives a wrong impression of the reality, showing it as part of Russia is politically problematic.
You can only play with it until you get bored, and then the game will be collecting dust (assuming it's a physical release – it will be doing nothing otherwise).
To have good relationship with Belarus seems impossible as it is ruled by an crazy old man who is president for more than two decades.
My people (and my ethnicity) were systematically oppressed and enslaved by Ottoman Empire.
I somehow doubt that Ukraine has Russia as a top import partner
I get the 1 DKK part, you can't really buy much with 1 hryvnia here either
The reality, as you already know, is that Russia very much views NATO as the enemy and will do anything it can to disrupt and oppose NATO.
They don't work neither serve in the army or even study
Unlike, e.g., Polish, we don't use it casually, but it is possible to address someone as *"pani Olga"* instead of *"Olga Fedorivna"*.
I doubt many of you have heard Ukrainian so I'll take this chance to ask you for opinions on how it sounds.
If Ukraine will join EU, a lot of countries will leave.
Well if it helps, I'm sure Ukraine is like 50%+
Finland, Estonia and Latvia all border Russia proper and Lithuania and Poland border the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad.
Not trying to justify anyone too, but outrages is a bit of an harsh word since Russia was forced to take Crimea away after the coup d etat in Ukraine.
Oh for example the treaty guaranteeing Ukraine territorial integrity in exchange for them giving up their nukes?
No one won't be ever able convinced me that it's not a pun to "trash".
With the russian elections coming in 2018, don't think that another chuck out of Ukraine is completely impossible, especially if it gives Putin a chance to "fix the destroyed cities for the great russian nation".
“Ukraine
Just on that last one: that was specifically about the Dutch referendum on the trade deal with Ukraine.
And ОБЖД (fundamentals of safety)
It's the same future for pretty much every country on the continent.
Russia:  Ukranian-Soviet war ( 1917–21),  Holodomor (great famine in 1932-1933), UPA status
In the tale as we know it, the main character's name is [Buratino]
That whole referendum was about false facts.
Those are far more likely to have criminal backgrounds.
other **Eastern European countries like** Ukraine or **Poland**
the countryside, though, is ХІХ century without food scarcity
President Zelenskyi and his party's electional campaigns
I would also mention Chervona Ruta
Ukraine is a sovereign and independent, democratic, social, legal state
It is just that people that can go to Moon are much harder to find than those that can survive a few month (?) on a ship to a new World.
, strategic resources of Ukraine...
Putin will show weakness if he does that.
A lot of countries (even in western Europe) don't recognize the Armenian genocide even though it's clear as day that it very much is.
Let's just say it's something about evil West trying to undermine Russia in Ukraine.
So, do you live now in Kievan Ukraine or DC's USA?
To create your own reality, of course
No court decision is needed to ban a foreigner from entering a country.
On the other hand, I start to wonder how much is your *too much* then
Welcome to "tourist Schengen visa for ukrainians".
Do Russian maps consider it Russian clay officially already?
Moreover, somebody even treats that borsht with haricot beans like pineapple pizza
Many would call the pile of evidences that already exists palpable proofs.
> What if you don’t know the persons patronymic name
Some works are shortened, some are excerpts; poems are usually complete
I think this is something similar to Ukrainian "Puzata Hata", this means "paunchy house"
* **goose**: a bit on the chewy side, not my favourite
Ukraine has been getting fucked for 1.5 millennia due to its location and noone has ever prevented shit.
They live off the working class
Then better start with Kyiv or Lviv
Varenyky with cherries are the most prominent in Ukrainian cuisine, along with varenyky with cottage cheese and varenyky with fried bacon
More like PPR at the current moment, May 8th
Oh absolutely, there were lions in Europe until quite recently (in historical terms).
* [Golden] - apparently, called Golden Delicious, but here they're known as just Golden
Saw a metal gig there which was fun.
Very convenient for winter when you still want to have some fresh air but it's too cold to have it open
Some might argue that their language seized existing when the Tutonic knights got their hand on the Prussians.
That I was kinda shoked at how strongly it resembled something I have seen in DS.
Let's make 2017 great and take Finland's, Czechia's, Bulgaria's and Ukraine's examples.
One of Trump's big things about Obama was that he didn't honor agreements to help our allies (Ukraine).
It would also remove another buffer zone between the EU/NATO and Russia.
My opinion, our meme culture degraded into 2010 meme templates, and I. am not Ok with that
As we often say here in Poland, "It's never so bad that it can't get worse" :)
But there are also people that are bilingual, i.e. have a choice both ways, but they decide to left Russian behind and pass only Ukrainian to their children
Stems like *-slav* *-slava* (glory) and -myr (world) are parts of many compound Slavic names
Well that's not an independence movement.
Just like the article states, their isn't really a cold war, rather an exertion of supposed Russian influence.
“The first thing he will want is a summit meeting with President Trump that would produce a deal – the U.S.
4 million visits from Moldova were registered in Ukraine for all of these reasons in 2018, making them the largest visiting nation - even though their population is just 3
And yes, we don't have a word for "sibling" as well
Since they come from Crimea, which is part of Ukraine, they are going back to Ukraine, even if Ukraine has temporarily lost control of Crimea.
There were also other close calls, I seem to remember a mock execution by Russia proxies in Donbass, plus the guy fought in both Chechen wars, covered other wars as a journalist
No nuclear weapon = security for Ukraine.
what about snow this year
If you want to go down that road the revolution wasn't legal in the first place.
Most maps have data for Ukraine
I think it will be easier to start mass protests and when they eventually turn violent, stage a coup and overthrow Lukashenko.
She must love it, because, that type of interview just slide through.
He gave these speeches about Ukraine to the highest EU officials, major American and European universities etc.
wanted on corruption related charges
We didn't have friends as we were always kinda oppressed by almost all of our neighbours :(
Well
My Norwegian friend once said speaking Danish is like speaking Norwegian with a hot potato in the mouth
Every Soviet apologist in this thread conveniently omits the [secret part of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact] and the Soviet-German plans for didvinding the Europe (which came to fruition in 1940)
The most important thing as for me is awakening of national spirit and a start of active national identity development
Moscow is not European, and Ukraine is a vage borderzone????
Trump and Putin have both complimented each other.
however the Russian annexation of Crimea and their continued proxy war in the Donbass has been quite a significant boon to the idea of Ukraine and Ukrainian identity.
I have a flight booked to Belgrade for this Friday and planned to spend in Serbia two or more weeks
Yanukovich
So no, as a Ukrainian, Russians are not cool
What is the Russian/Ukraine lady scam?
Probably Turkey will get quicker than you into that list
Kosovo is basically Albanian, Albania is a member of NATO.
and mustaches, it's all about mustaches
Montenegro could probably also do it.
* *1941-1945 will not forget, will not forgive*
It is definitely a throw back to communist Europe.
I was like, a channel called *ushanka* show
Russia probably
I think, most popular ending is “ія” (Франція [France], Португалія [Portugal], Швеція [Sweden], Іспанія [Spain] and so on)
> a xenophobic rant about Europeans
Nuland said that the US spent $5 Billion on "pro democracy activities" in Ukraine.
Quails are way more common than ducks and geese in supermarkets though
In principle, those are comparable, if only on "dictated by scripture" basis.
Mikheil Saakashvili reported that he had known Donald Trump for many years, was a friend of him and called to be careful.
This is a very humorous political news channel and they have adequate english subtitles
Ελευθερία ή Θάνατος!
If the world blinks, Putin will seize the rest of Ukraine
As for their slightly autocratic government the Germany is responsible in some level for its popularity.
"slams" makes it sound like Germany gave Russia a finishing move in wrestling, but really they just said "that's not cool", which is good but Ukraine is still under serious threat with not enough help.
[Go_A - Жальменіна]
This is a broader term that includes but isn't limited by entitlement or helicopter-parenting
The idiot who prefers the status quo or the escalation from nazis because otherwise nazis might get hurt fee fees
Northern Bukovina always had Ukrainian majority
True
Why I declared my wealth and made Ukraine's elite follow suit
Though of course that only covers Eastern Europe as the GDR is a special case.
Don’t make it sound russian
Would have gotten an independent state much earlier
Actual oligarch, declared that he doesn't have that much money **in cash** a "mere" 800k UAH (around 31k dollars) and 60k dollars.
We talk about the shitheads who literally want to kill people
The only Bulgarians I know who would object to Ukraine joining the EU are delusional Putinistas who don't want Bulgaria to be in the EU either.
As it's been discovered recently, I forget about Moldova, and I mean
Local urban legends used to say that it's because of cellphones and microwave ovens, which is silly because those bastards are extremely radiation-proof
yes, they could, how about not invading Ukraine and annexing Crimea?
He is making deals with Russia, which is much more important for his security than dealing with the opposition
Our food is not even remotely about "fast" but the thing that comes to mind when thinking about a snack in Kiev would probably be [Kyivska Perepichka] (a kind of a sausage roll)
Still, three or four countries in a week?
Isn't that a bit of an urban legend?
Arguably though you could argue that Ukraine was occupying a territory that never wanted to be part of it
According to [this table] szcz=щ, so technically хшон**щ** is correct
in some years Soviets had to import grain
I don't like it
neo-nazis can easily be found on both sides,the most supportive part of russian society of the war in Ukraine are far right eurasianists like Alexander Dugin which also said this about ukrainians:"Kill them, kill them, kill them.
NATO and EU are still there, even if US distances itself.
valient people feel the need to remind everyone that Russia would probably win in a conventional war.
That can be followed up with "Iron Curtain: The Crushing of Eastern Europe, 1944–1956" by Anne Applebaum
Now that I remember it, I was learning to ride in a very remote village where I used to spend summer
She was not allowed: ukrinian government wanted to take those children to Ukraine, but terrorists did not allow it - they wanted to create another propagandistic picture which would fit their narrative.
Ukraine’s leaders may be giving up on reuniting the country
Actually she isn't entirely wrong, because the overwhelming majority of Crimeans identify as Russians and this isn't Putin's propaganda.
You defend people who will never target you
Warm: +14C — +29C
The situation is not the same for everyone and it's by far easier on the people who are nonetheless living in the EU.
It’s usually gone in a day, and everything stops until it melts - I was once stranded in a neighboring city for 2 days as I didn’t listen to the storm warning and decided to drive nevertheless
Do you support Ukraine, Russia, or neither
**Petro Doroshenko** (Hetman of Ukrainian Cossacks)
They came for work, not benefit, for receiving benefit you need a resident permit, receiving permit as a refugee from Ukraine will take more than a year, so none of them.
Well, he might be legit afraid of physical harm.
It's not like Ukraine is the country of the Tartars though...
Some other people replied with higher prices so I pointed that out, that's all
Yeah both Ukraine and Syria are proxy wars between US and Russia.
Everyone has a patronymic, i.e., the name of their father after their first name
And Ukraine fell right into that trap.
Oh no, anyway
Yes Ukraine is fighting a war and is pretty much a failed state so not really a beacon of stability.
The purple line shows the area where Ukrainians were ethnic majority before the World Wars
A video I made of a molfar (shaman) in rural Ukraine.
yea....well now pretty much all the people who worked with Obama will be replaced, and we dont yet know what are the plans of the new people, what is their World view.
really, there can't be any hidden motive behind his death
In order to avoid arrest abroad he went toUkraine and started repeating Ukranian propaganda to get asylum (he wasn't and could't participate in external policy decision making).
I can only remember them signing up for one quite unequal free trade agreement and it certainly wasn't with the EU.
One of the most corrupt countries in Europe to say the least
They are planning to attack us from close range,
A friend calls it "a waste of space", since, despite the size, its function is still limited due to its narrowness
Obvisouly they didn't want to take down any 'western civilized people' but they'd be pretty fine with it being a Ukrainian ship with Ukrainian passengers, don't call it an accident, it's insulting to the dead in the war and in that tragedy
I do not support both right- and left-wing extremists, in case you thought that I support the rightists
Well, I didn't say he wasn't pro-Russian, I said he tried to play both cards.
They've been doing this with many of their neighboring countries ever since the Ukraine conflict started.
We know that aliens mostly like to attack only US and pretend like there are no other countries in the world
I saw some promising stuff at the start bot nothing later.
You merely accepted continental climate
It's just that many people pick a name that they associate with Slavic countries, call it "a Russian name", and this name is often of Greek/etc origin; some Byzantine emperor or a Biblical martyr had that name
Russian Neo-Nazis wanted for war crimes in Ukraine are training children to fight in Donbas
Of course I am not mentioning attempts to bring other states (like Ukraine and Bielarus) closer to EU.
That happened the moment Russia invaded Ukraine.
The reason of that is Eastern holiday on Sunday and Monday
clickug: Ukraine on the brink of a nuclear disaster --
I have read reports over the years at various American geopolitical think-tanks that Belarus has actually far more chance of joining the European Union than Ukraine.
russia uses only those "casius belli", which orginises by itself (like blowing up appartment blocks in moskow and other cities in 1999 to start chechen war).
I'm sure the historian who decided to implement the term did it for a good reason.
There was already referendum and was majority of citizens of Belarusia voted to join Holy Polish Motherland aka commonwealth v 2.0.
Alternatively, you can cross border from Ukraine to Donetsk region - but you need to obtain a special permit by registering on a website, and believe me, as a foreigner, you will need a really valid reason to allow you to enter Donetsk
After the Golden Horde invaded, the PLC annexed Ukraine and Belarus, and then they developed a separate ethnic identity.
Some do, but most of them are rational people, and can see when they are being fed bullshit.
The best option would be to show it as disputed territory, really.
Then  you anderstand that all you have to do is just sit on your chair from 9 am to 6 am and do nothing just pretend that you do something
Also making it easy for Germany to keep buying Russian gas which is undermining our solidarity with Ukraine and European safety in general would have been a bad idea.
No one forced him out of office
I'm so terrified by politicians across all the spectrum's who have such a positive friendly attitude towards Putin / Russia.
I'm not sure about the fifth, really depends on the era we are talking about
Is it the entire former Eastern/Communist Bloc?
Most EU countries put a Covid ban on our passport, so we're only temporarily lower than Russia
Neither the US nor the UK invaded Ukraine
We also work with outsourcing subcontractors from Ukraine and Romania or Bulgaria.
This summer, I'm planning to return to Eastern Europe, and I'm debating between Ukraine (a little city time, a little beach time, and a stay in a sanatorium) with, hopefully, two or three days in Transnistria, or Belarus (no clue what I'd do there).
We hate to pay taxes and show real income to our dear government.
But instead she's banned from entering.
Just as Western Germany was before and Ukraine might be next.
Tbf, the idea of putting the rubbish out on specific days is somewhat unusual to me given that here we simply have big trash containers outside buildings that are emptied every once in a while and no schedule is posted.
So Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria and Ukraine attacked the US first, that's why you are trying to remove/have already removed their regimes?
May be, but Russia has other resources in the world to be confiscated or sanctioned for what Russia did in Ukraine.
You can also start speaking Russian to anyone in the west(Ukrainian  dominated) and they will understand you and respond in Ukrainian
IT WAS THE DAMN KETCHUP ALL ALONG
They are sending soldiers without IDs or Russian uniforms.
The Minsk agreement prohibits offensive action.
But since those people don't have enough stimulus at home, this initiative dies off after a couple month
Seeing as the mainstream media, along with reddit, forgot about Ukraine, I'm wondering if there's a source on this conflict with at least semi regular updates.
They can learn it
I think raisins in general are responsible for many divorces
* **goose**: a bit on the chewy side, not my favourite
This guy generates GDP by the shitload from foreign markets.
What's his views on Nato, Ukraine, Russia, Poland?
Lil bit of Georgia, lil bit of Ukraine...
'Murdered' Russia journalist Arkady Babchenko turns up alive
Second, Romanian is written in Latin characters, so you'll at least be able to sound out words.
But not itself inhabited majorly ny Hungarians.
Almost in any way can be changed \[the\] order of \[the\] words In Ukrainian
Though I only add it to meat/salad/coffee, I'm not drinking it on it's own
Imperial measures
* Greenspaces
not particularly tasty I must admit
Especially since Russian people were given the homes of the victims.
All it takes, a couple of radicalized kids.
Headlines: IT'S 1944 IN POLAND AGAIN
All truly independed journalist ended up either jobless, either dead (like Politkovskaya).
If Girkin and co would encounter no opposition after Sloviansk and could just march to Kharkiv today it would look much different.
**Olga of Kyiv** (ruler of Kyivan Rus)
But most people tend to separate the language from the country
With, it's Russia we're talking about.
We call other countries very similar to their names, the same, or we use another ending
He showed old Troy a cloud of dust
If talk about person, sometimes used dull (wooden) as russian boot
Sans joining Russia, this is literally how the Ukraine became independent from the Soviet Union.
Always
Й, і = and
Now when I think about it, I assume that Dmytro Vyshnevetsky is so well known coz we have an old Cossack [duma] about him (created in 16-17 century) but obviously have nothing about Jarema or Michał.
Something about Zapad 2017 seems fishy though.
I'd also like to one day visit Pripyat, Ukraine, but that may be the most difficult trip.
&#x200B;
Moscow Says It Has Nothing to Do With Hundreds of Tanks in Eastern Ukraine
I could be surprised by Trump but I highly doubt it.
It's a stretch to say that there is absolutely no non-European descent in any nation.
No, you're just propagandizing on behalf of nazis, oligarchs and kleptocrats.
It's up to them but they should know that many of them are going to die painfully if they make such an attempt.
Can somebody explain what does "bids" in this context mean?
What can I say
I'm slightly confused - do they mean fans on stadiums?
You summed up my thoughts perfectly
Sphere of influence involves exclusivity.
It sounds not too bad in English, but a neutral word-for-word translation to Russian sounds poor because it's a story, not a criminal report
well its not uncommon for leaders in eastern Europe to be aligned with Putin..
Sure, some people will say that it's a Youtube video and that it's not reliable but backed up with the poll you just posted, it can at least help paint a picture:
Getting closer to the EU is within the interests with the Ukraine.
Fucking hell this comment section is depressing
As Ukrainian I seen that sh1t so many times.
Russia don't give a shit, they just want territory and global power, and seeing as you're not a memeber of NATO you would be one of the few countries they would have a chance of potentialy invading.
Just stop repeating those annoying Europe this, Europe that, its insulting to those 100% Europeans you do not care about.
Kruschev gave Crimea, less Sevastapol, to Ukraine in '54.
I don't know who you talked to about Romania and Moldavia uniting and it's bothering us
It increased the Russian population of Ukraine by 1 million and remained controversial as unconstitutional in some quarters vide
By the way, source for that info ?
It only became part of Ukraine in 1954 and some say Khrushchev did it on a whim.
Oh, I always forget
How late is night
But in practice, Ukrainians love to palatalize and pronounce щ either like "shch" or "sch", or even like "sh".
[You're probably wrong unless sentiments have *massively* shifted in one year.]
A drunken fool drew borders of Ukraine during the Soviet times there, while Crimea persisted as an Russian land.
They were native English speakers, btw
Russia is not really seen as a threat here like it is in former Soviet countries, but some Croats do have anti-Russian sentiment in compassion with Ukraine and Poland.
Steamordor
Yeah
Then putin came and literally fucked everything up.
> [read more]
Countries that are poorer than Greece such as Romania are not dragging the EU down.
I wonder if somebody in Olgino is getting a day off now
[In Ukrainian]
But of course, as many people have stated, Europe is first and foremost the image of the map
PS: ofc we have many cats, dogs, ducks, etc, but that's not what you're asking about I believe
Ottomans
What's wrong
In many parts of Ukraine people are reading only Russian newspapers like on Crimea, Donetsk or Luhanks areas, just think about it.
You live in the mental asylum in Novi Sad, by the way.
It went from almost none to Ukranians working MOST convenience store and low-paying jobs.
>Left wing violence is nothing compared to right wing violence
I don't imagine it's that difficult for a Russian to obtain Ukrainian papers, or even citizenship.
No no, unlike Trump she is an actual professional politician.
You didn't answer the question.
Agree, they even keep using the same Victory to make people proud and channel that pride to support of president.
So, in recent years many people in Ukraine started importing used cars from the US and discovered that many of those cars (not only cheap, even premium brands like Lexus) lacked service like oil change (it seems like instead of every 9000-12000km the oil is changed with the engine), brake servece, transmission oil, etc
The fourth reich, if you really want to.
Anything deeper that my great grandparents is uncertain, and even with that generation there are unknowns.
Джьон мейд гіз уей тю е тавен сфру зе дак фоест, оунлі тю файнд ау-дет гі феґот зе моні.
meh
there are lots of great russian singers and bands who didn't.
It's how democracy works, you should've been voting and explaining this to people 2 years ago
It is always interesting to note how many wounded there are, usually that information isn't given, unfortunately we don't the extent of their injuries.
Again, what does it change for *an island* considering that you still manage your own borders?
Size of the economy != importance.
Ukraine was not about to enter the EU at all.
AFAIK it's either Odessa or the area near Carpathians, like Lviv or Ivano-Frankivsk
Can't see any snow
More or less the same artificial divisions between Kirgyzia, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.
Western-oriented Ukrainians accuse the old government and pro-Russians as being criminal thugs - essentially "rule by Mafia." This certainly sounds consistent with that.
Fierce fighting breaks near Avdiyivka Ukraine; 7 Ukrainian soldiers killed
The hallway is the neutral zone, but the rooms are shoes free
This is basically what is happening right now in Ukraine.
Who the fuck would store money on bank account in Ukraine?
Without delving into details there's nothing wrong with articles you've linked but they're not enough to get the whole picture.
I am mainly of russian-ukrainian origin and it is really absurd to see how much Russians hate Ukrainians now.
It hamstrings countries to a common monetary policy, and that means countries like Greece basically have no say.
In Ukraine, there is an organization called "Plast". They are more close to American scouts, I think, but they also get brainwashed with religious bullsh*t.
Well, I would say that 99.99999% Ukrainians know and can speak Russian.
It is possible but it probably won't amount to much
eww gross
Don't you have stereotype about rich dudes
He had to secure them physically, and he did.
So what they are called today doesn't deny their nationality.
To get temporary passport we would need to go to our embassy with the report from the police
I don't perform well under pressure.
Any other Slavic language spoken is complete gibberish because Eastern languages have distinct phonetics and our ears aren't used to others
If you're really adventurous, you can *probably* go with a seagull, but that's already seafood territory IMO and that's a separate thread
I am sure countries like UK, USA, Russia, etc have a military developed enough to in a similar situation be capable of monitoring the border with drones, Ukraine does not.
From the Polish perspective: the problematic thing is not what Russia might do now, but what might gradually happen over the course of the next 20,30 years.
Thanks NYTimes for the continued fear mongering "journalism" though,
Anyway, here is [next level] and after that you can freely (not counting symbolic amount of bribe and two years of service in ЗСУ) get a language proficiency certificate and become a citizen.
There is no justifying Russia's actions, but in retrospect a lot of people could now still be alive if both sides had agreed on offering a neutral way for Ukraine.
Internal passport had a chapter where you had to check in your residence
It's also covered a bit before that
Of course, before that in the early 1700s it was Crimean, but Crimeans were invaders too, I don't see why they should hold the original claim.
The conflict in Ukraine was covered pretty well by German media.
What value was Crimea or Eastern Ukraine or Syria?
> Eneyida is a Ukrainian burlesque poem, written by Ivan Kotlyarevsky in 1798
Their Ukraine operations do not go forward anymore.
You can also start speaking Russian to anyone in the west(Ukrainian  dominated) and they will understand you and respond in Ukrainian
She is a minor local performer, barely someone recognized her existance in Ukraine before her nomination.
Basically, if it doesn't have a name of a soviet politician or a clear reference to USSR - it's up to the city itself
There's nothing Russia could do to stop the Ukraine's civil war.
But still, we are too far away from the situation, where the question "what to do with these people?" will arise.
It looks completely natural until you try to translate this text and start looking for synonyms to eliminate this repetition because otherwise, the mental image of your school language and literature teacher will frown at you
The journalist's face really sells it
[P.PAT, YUKO - Hrushka (Pear Tree)]
Victims of Red terror under Lenin would like to disagree
Not sure how popular it is right now, a decade ago it was a thing
You do realize that Moscow Times is based in Finland and is rabidly anti-Putin, yes?
While the outcome of that vote was non-binding, it does mean that the Netherlands hasn't ratified the treaty yet, which requires unanimous approval.
Yall forgeting you need good agriculture to not be dependent on america and usdia for it
Thanks to that maniac in moscow, no country in the right mind will ever again give up on nukes.
That he will become the President of Ukraine.
That shows you are responsible  citizen, so won't drink to death
For those who don't know, it's a bad idea
>the word for door is always plural in Slovak
They will make more holes in ground than on Verdun
You mean Russia told Ukraine it was either EU or Russia.
It's usually divided by periods and genres, so, e.g., we would learn the literature of the Age of Enlightenment, then romanticism, then literary realism, then modernism, etc
Poland just wanted to grill for the God's sake
In Ukraine, in big cities, road signs, names of streets, city transport stops, and  announcement in it, are dubbed in English, just for the notice
Those that use Latin alphabet may be tricky because of weird letters and combination of letters they use to write sounds that alphabet was never designed for
The time passes but some things seem to remain the same.
I don't remember what or when it was, but there was a wave of jokes that people couldn't wait to watch Swan Lake
Say that to Thailand with military government and 30M tourists annually.
If it is an "Hybrid war" (which was possible in Ukraine because of the crisis and internal divide, but let's pretend the situation allow it and this damn warmonger Russia is out for blood and land) it is much easier to fight: Russia must fight with a hand behind its back to retain plausibility and NATO can just increase the effort against "russophone rebels".
A friendly reminder that Neonazis are not part of government as of 2016.
Except he's not messing with NATO as such, he's targeting individual countries, big difference.
Never understood why you hate the Danish
And this should be obvious if you read his posts.
I vividly remember one of the favorite talking points of Russian trolls during the peak of the Russian invasion of Ukraine was the *amount of floors the US embassy has in Ukraine*.
From the definition I though it was lower class people attempting to dress like they're not poor, preppy i guess.
I don't know if Телебачення Торонто counts, since it's a full-fledged channel now with a professional crew and stuff, but it began with one guy
Like, what do you need a free press for, if (if
> "besieged fortress"
Is it a propper frase in British English and just looks funny to non-native speakers
Ukraine is having problems because Ukraine's weak.
Just go and enjoy the places, and don't think about how safe or unsafe/safe they are.
To exit, you need to enter first
It has its own literary standard
Have you checked who voted in favor of that resolution?
Aside from that, there's an alternative dubbing of the trailer to this movie remade into a full-blown parody of Zelenskyi
Also it's not Krasnodar Krai, as much as it is the glorious Kuban peoples republic.
I mean, they attacked and invaded the Ukraine.
On the second though, our women love to tease in a relationship accentuating how the man is crazy about them and all, so I imagine a Ukrainian wife dropping something like "c'mon, stop kissing me for just a bit, I'm not an ice cream".
Except Russia started the fighting.
If Ukraine declares war on Russia, then instead of fighting rebels in the eastern Ukraine they'll have to deal with the actual Russian army stomping to Kiev.
In accordance with the procedures at reference, NATO has received on 24 March 2017, a disaster assistance request from Ukraine.
Russia probably
>Russian would have to become a complete foreign language like it is to Poland
Funnily enough, President Poroshenko.
How can I (Як я можу) - change the world
Russians go to Ukraine, Ukrainians go to Moldova, Moldovans go Romania, Romanians go to Hungary.
Russia is a state whose democratic record would not permit it to join the EU.
For example, my father once told me a story of a woman who voted for the liberal party because that's what her family had always done.
This division East-West is rather historical than geographical
Says he's a open minded about the whole Paris thing now.
" (fragment)
What I mean that there was never any actual movemnts for seperatism in E Ukraine pre-2014.
Looks cool [at night]
I have two things to say about this.
So yeah, Armenia is a place where Russian interests are always gonna be safe, no matter the government
Can't really recommend it to the people I know since it has folk lyrics + whatever genre of music + obscenities = not everybody's cup of tea, but it sounds good to me
In addition, we have plenty of citizens, who work in Italy
I never understand why people get their penties in a bunch whenever the HRE is discussed.
” Nuland said the United States will continue to “promote Ukraine to the future it deserves.”
There are also other flavors like pear, lime, cherry, orange, but apple is the most popular
What about an "ugly sleazy Anglo-Saxons"? That is what your TV tells  your people every fucking day :)
This is solely presumption on my part.
Poland, Belarus, EU and Georgia are the top most liked nations in Ukraine
However, we don't study Russian at school and it doesn't have the official status
Ah yes the pointless dickwaving that only includes Russia funding pet rebels in a EU aspiring country and breaking international treatys as part of which Ukraine gave up its nukes.
Self determination laws are designed to allow colonies to become free and independent.
It is de facto theirs until Ukraine somehow manages to take it back by force, which isn't happening anytime soon.
Yeah, pretty much
I just can't even, have people on r/worldnews forgot last 5 or 10 years?
How did Czechs and Polacks manage to bring so many people into Belarus
As far as our civil society is concerned, "you and me both".
Poland, Ukraine and Belarus because I've been most places already.
Get the food from our plate stolen by Russa while we argue with Poland over history
Ukrainian name for Wien is different from both English and Austrian/German names
I'd say something like "not exactly a currently active enemy but we fought them or something so not a friend either".
think this is some kind of border guarantee and we are obliged to defend Ukraine.
I don't think anyone outside of Russia would call them "Ukraine's mistakes".
Ukraine’s Women Are Kicking Ass and Taking Names - Foreign Policy
I misread and added a 'before' your sentence.
Coincidence
There were documented tanks and APCs Ukraine definitely doesn't have.
Moreover, it's pretty damn clear that most people of Crimea want to be part of Russia.
Yes, quite well actually
Ukraine was offered a carrot by the EU.
You just didn't-
It was about gun violence, not just homicide rate
At this point Ukraine may have to cut its losses.
Ukraine doesn't recognize Kosovo's independence.
The "Human Rights" facade is falling apart, people are realizing the sheer hypocrisy, governments and institutions are losing legitimacy in their eyes.
We fought against the fascists 70 years ago and now you are becoming the same kind of fascists.
There's no point in using wine, then, you can mix it with vodka and juice with the same result.
We have that too
What did you guys do to get there
They do count as ministry of truth in this matter.
They kinda are so it's understandable
Ukrainians have already developed immunity against the Russian propaganda crap.
Last time I was there in 2017, I think, and family says it didn’t get better
Gotta step up the game as .ua patriot.
**Ivan Franko** (poet)
It's an urban legend though
Two-party system
Depends how far east we're talking.
Look
Rest in power
He even opposed the sanctions on Iran, which Russia had supported.
It's PPP adjusted GDP per capita is on par with El Selvador, without adjustment it's just slightly higher then that of Republic of Congo.
I like Ant-Man
The ultranationalism coming out of Ukraine is no less worrying than that of their neighbours to the East or across the Black Sea...
I don't know why but we love each other
Besides I'm not afraid of Russia, but I'm worried about their next idiotic political/militaristic step.
I understand that the conflict with Russia made people resort to ultranationalism.
So I think it’s quite compensated i dunno
He would just take more and more.
But to be honest europe had a wake up call three years ago when shtf in Ukraine.
Oh, I see he included a link to [the census] where it's also clear.
But yes, in Odessa too
That's an interesting poll indeed.
You're talking about Crimea as a little pawn that doesn't have their own opinion.
For the uninformed, Tři oříšky pro Popelku is a holiday classic in several European countries.
No articles in both of my native languages
I wouldn't say a country protecting its own borders is a threat though
**The Holodomor (Ukrainian: Голодомо́р)[a] was a man-made famine** in Soviet Ukraine in 1932 and 1933 that killed an estimated 2.5–7.5 million Ukrainians, with millions more counted in demographic estimates.
* [No-name] - there's also this variety of apples that is medium or small in size and might look decent, but they taste as a cellar smells
The Donkey King is one of his newest nicknames
It was peaceful until police attacked harmless students on the night of November 30th
They have strategically deployed their forces to Syria and Ukraine in an effort to maintain influence in the near-abroad.
I will move the border every six months.
So if the photos in the articles are authentic then this picture so as well
Kyiv here
As a Mexican, I'd rather visit Hungary or Ukraine than going to Italy, Spain, France or Germany if I'm on vacations.
Probably thinking "Damn, I shouldn't have repressed all those generals, they would be soo helpful now" or "Damn, I shouldn't have ignored for so long the reports about the German invasion back in June".
The real news is "Mikheil Saakashvili plans to start new party and run for presidency in Ukraine"
May to September: below 23
That worked beautifully in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya and Ukraine
Retreat so that rebels conquer other towns?
If Sudetenland also "declare independence" minutes before being annexed by the Reich, would that make it somehow more okay?
And the thing is - unforunately, Kyrgystan has very little geopolitical significance so it's not like allies are lining up
Though it doesn't have as many entertainments as Lviv, it's a nice place with a charming atmosphere (at least the last time I was there)
Not to mention that public transportation is ridiculously expensive, and even in Copenhagen there's no land public transport except a few bus routes (why, oh why did they remove trams)
We also have specific channels that are like Fox news, so the pro-Russian people can switch to them and relax hearing the good old Russian POV
In the 90s, the awareness of the poppy as the source for opium rose
For me it is good
People in the countryside were complaining that their poppy was being stolen by drug addicts, even the stems without seed boxes were in demand
- liberalization - e.g., finally LGBT parades were processed peacefully, not only in Kyiv, receiving enough support from police, Poroshenko's party was the first to embrace gender quotas
Will be, trust me
Besides /u/nounhud clarifying the misleading title (best mark the post for that) I find it odd that the Dutch seem to be so incredibly sceptical of helping Ukraine.
But actually real retards in stories like these are those people
Haha they wanted to unite with Romania, no way to do that now!
Russia had to declare boycott the moment Ukraine won.
Great picture
Or it's the Amnesia monster if you imagine Portugal+Spain as the head and France as the gaping mouth
"The United States" is okay and "The Sudan" is okay, but the Ukraine is too good for articles.
Since the economy was so small we had an easier time archiving growth of course.
I will not defend Nazism at any point, because Nazism is the ideology that stands for genocide and irrationality
a human being is responsible for his deeds AND he is resposible for his state of mind.
Oh ffs, Polan
Ukraine and Moldova kind of worse
Since the south of our country is Crimea, nearly 40 million people would find themselves on the small peninsula which is horrendous and fascinating at the same time
Maybe because Russia de facto was in almost full control of Crimea (including military) even before referendum?
than it would be like early '08 - when they had friendly relations with USA, using it as 'stronger country came to us to make peace - thus, we are strong; and while they are stronger, peace suits us'.
Also, rights are funded by Russians in the West.
What's wrong
Belarus-Serbia-Czechia form a triangle, same with San Marino-Monaco-Liechtenstein
Legal system on which you can rely and be sure that some judge, prosecutor or someone else "at power" can't take anything he wants from you.
Oooff, from 1991
Frustrated by the stalemate in this 33-month war of attrition, concerned that Western support is waning, and sensing that U.S.
If they're looking for trash, they don't have to look far.
Russia cannot take their land with force, we don't need a war with Ukraine.
A) I am from Ukraine (I left 22 years ago)
That saying about the work and wolf I always interpreted the opposite way - you will have to do it sooner or later, it won't just disappear (run to the forest)
You can buy three days worth of food for 10 euro worth of money here, lol
French pop star detained in Moscow after plagiarism row with Russian singer
Russia itself is only a threat for Ukraine, Georgia, Moldavia and Belarus because other European countries have capable armies or are in the EU/NATO but russian propaganda is trying everything to bring pro-russian puppets in power
Why should we keep footing the bill for this?
They targeted either specific ethnic groups or nations which they found to be "rebellious": kalmyks, baltic nations, poles or certain groups of the soviet society (regardless of ethnicity): peasants, intelectuals, anti-communists, etc.
The fact that you're using the term 'the Ukraine' instead of 'Ukraine' simply proves that you view Ukraine as nothing more as a rebellious province of Russia.
The Roman Empire was in Europe as well.
There's also still a chance of Iceland and Norway joining.
Yes, I know that,so if what I wrote was too salty sorry then
EU’s Ukraine aid has limited impact on corruption
A lot of people here *do* feel Russian.
And then there's whinepolitik: whatever they did to you as retaliation is crime against humanity.
I doubt it, unless they literally take over the whole country.
Most of the industrial base is in the eastern part of Ukraine.
If you wan't to feel even better, think that Ukraine had better starting point than Poland too...
i'm sorry, but are you dumb
Well it's not a surprise, Western politicians keep accusing Russia in violating Minsk agreements, meanwhile the only side not interested in Minsk is Ukraine.
I wish the west was not so short-sighted, egoistical and morally bankrupt and supported Ukraine.
Hah sure we're poor, but at least we kill ourself about just as much or less than as our wealthier neighbors.
How did Portugal manage that
In all such cases, new leaders were becoming Putin's personal enemies endangering his regime, and all of them ended in wars
One can use English the way J. Joice and T. Pratchett used it, and yet it often has the tendency towards informativity over form and the author's attitude
o\_O
E.g., "*чолові****ч****а/cholovi****ch****a*" (of a man; adjective; the f. gender) and "*піврі****чч****я/pivri****chchi****a*".
I agree, legally Autonomous Republic of Crimea is still part of Ukraine, however Ukraine hold no power there, Russia does.
Your comment is delusional nonsense.
Surprisingly we describe the middle of nowhere as city of Kryžopoľ cause it sounds like bent arse
Really cozy and beautiful city I would love to come back again and again
Although now that Trump is elected, maybe this can revive the opposition, since Putin lost America as a scapegoat
General folks don't know anything about internet outside of vk.com and youtube.com
Ukraine was not trying to regain control of the area.
If someone threatens your country, territorial integrity, etc.
Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan were part of USSR in 1933.
Yeah that will show the russians, they will leave Ukraine immediately...
They also call Romania Orthodox brothers sometimes due to Romania's warm relations them in the unfriendly Balkans despite the fact that Romania and Russia don't get along.
Geopolitics are giving two-three options here.
From my past experience, France should be white
> "besieged fortress"
The specific window seen on this video will be concidered 'fancy' but not because of the mechanism, rather because it's obviously high-quality and with a nice faux wood finishing
Forgive my ignorance, but is the Ukraine government really pro-Russia?
take away football championship?
Yes, like you can influence mainstream media on the topic of forgetting Ukraine.
Ukraine (hopefully one day) retakes Crimea
I think its the currently failed attempt and government reference to Novorossiya, expanding further into southeast Ukraine.
Now most of them have returned back home
They're laid out in similar patterns as well so the scene looked a bit familiar.
How he can be dictator for 30 years, when Montenegro declared independence only in 2006
There were four male Slavic pagan gods, one for each season
In fact I wouldn't be surprised if literal "fuck" is used more often than "лайно" in these globalized days
> Not an issue
If they don't, Russia will go for a plan B.
Russia as the good guys who will ‘remove kebab’ (kill Muslims).”
The city also seems to have a thing for theme restaurants - some extremely good, some more entertaining than good.
But the only thing that differs is that you've gotta take out a few things that were good about communism.
> Norman Foster
No that should be the most mountainous
At least you learned that "proof" is singular noun by now, good for you.
Now we are lazy, and just go to Polan
Poles weren't angels but the two scales are completely different.
The filling is meat with onions, salt and pepper
They probably didn't count canadian ukrainians.
Teacher in 8th and 9th grade
I do not even live in the UK and I totally see something like this incoming, Daily Mail: *Immigration exodus begun!
It would also bring them a bit closer west which they would like.
Ukraine may be Europe but Europe isn't Ukraine
Its important for Russia to have stable burning borders.
[Holodomor]
Dude
You say all EU people are pro-Russian because I said that supporting the withdrawal of sanctions against Russia for the war in Ukraine is unreasonable and pro-Russian.
* [Ukraine per-capita PPP GDP] Worse off.
The overwhelming majority of Crimeans (94%) wanted to remain in Russia after the fall of the USSR.
If you need to pay people to be your friends, you're obviously not a good friend.
Belarus has 8% Russians compared to 18% in Ukraine, now it would depend on the reaction the people show to the Russians, but Russia can't have another Donbas conflict.
Because someone will be annoyed by this:
There was only one Golodomor, and it was of Soviet people in rural regions.
It has something to do with the Kyoto protocol
Salaries are easily $2k+/month in Kiev, and with average wage outside of software being around $100/month you can ride to work in a cab every day just for fun.
Germany is a Vape Nation
I mean, Americans in Iceland lol
RT isn't that bad, just stay away from their op-eds, they're pretty horrendous.
I'm very sorry juvenile nationalism got your panties twisted in a bunch this way.
Metro games have Ukrainian as language option, but they're the only ones I know
It's called Kholodets'.
However, before all that mess in Ukraine, Russian citizens had significantly higher visa approval rates than Ukrainians so I'd say your chances were looking much better.
You can't nuke 'little green men' engaged in a semi-covert operation leading to a hybrid war (the Russian MO in Ukraine).
Crimea shouldn't really have been part of Ukraine in the first place.
well if Ukraine was committing genocide after years of segregation based on xenophobic/racist ideas to Crimea's local population, than I think its fair for them to get independent (not be annexed by Russia)
Stop speculating, we will know the truth soon.
Isn't that the fastest way to annoy someone from Netherland?
I was pro-russian actually untill Russians invaded another country, killed POWs, tortured soldiers and make fun of all this.
>I don't like Nazi's either
I wonder how would USA respond if unknown russian-speaking armed men seized administrative buildings, in example, of California.
Why does Poland support Ukraine?
There are lots of options of financial pressure on russia.
> Kazakh is Russian cant-readian-but-can't-understanian
Maybe I phrased it poorly
The dough is traditionally made with flour, milk whey/sour milk, egg, salt, baking soda (to make the dough grow)
Poland has done quite a lot, and I've read that Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria have taken in some Ukrainians as well.
You see comrade, if you use car as a swing, your AK will not interfere with fun, for you can put it in a trunk.
It was Bohdan Yaremenko
It would be all very nice if Ukraine and Georgia would also agree with you.
I hear there are a few in Montenegro that could go either way, maybe end up in Serbia or Albania.
With Trump as the President of the United States no one can be sure if the US still supports NATO against Russia.
[Kvas] Kvas is a fermented drink made out of rye bread
Героям Слава) It mostly is
Holodomor happened in Ukraine, thus by saying kulaks I meant Ukrainian independent farmers.
Russia's strongest opposition leaders received a truckload full of euros?!
USSR already done that judging by map
If she tried to enter Ukraine and was detained/arrested, then it would be up to the court to determine if she violated a law.
Is "God bless you" still used in the UK?
As a result: ban main ruling part y - The Party of Regions , ban communist party - THE KPU, a big flow of cheap manpower from Ukraine to EU, no independent decisions without approving from the West, closing plants
Especially if you include the storage to smooth the consumption spikes in winter.
It pushed us to adopt radical reforms early on instead of sitting on our collective asses wondering which side to pick, like Ukraine.
President doesn't even have the highest salary out of all state officials
As if living in Ukraine wasn't already rough enough.
Watch "Servant of the people" . It isn't a movie, but a series made by our current president Zelensky, at the time when he wasn't our president, and it's about his character being our president
Make European Foreign Policy a topic.
what are you going to do
Yeah you probably don't know much about it eh...
If you to believe certain news outlets, we're basically Third Reich incarnate and ovens are blazing already.
What do you think, is it possible that Ireland will join the Schengen agreement post brexit
It's usually windier, too
What's so annoying is that both Poland and Hungary benefit enormously from the EU.
That's more than Sweden has
>Slovaks say they "opened the doors"
> "Gi"
Without cases or genders, she yet still looks enough looking like English
Oh boy, whole *thousands* of Ukrainians.
And I felt like there's a lot of people living all around my places
Crimean people decided that they won't like to be a part of Ukraine anymore.
His statements lacked support for our east European neighbors.
I am talking of the fact that MOST people that live in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya, Morocco, Algeria are Arabs.
Wasn't the association agreement between the EU and the Ukraine causing the Crimea crisis?
But how would that work out for Russia in the end?
Also Cossacks was always fighting against Moscow and polish people for the Ukraine liberty, but not expanding Russian borders.
If you want to have a better experience, I don't recommend you to visit it on Friday / weekends or search for quiet streets and secret places
People *will* sign up for the army to stand against Ukraine.
Only hope we have is Holy Elon Musk
We voted against association with Ukraine when their separatists shot down a plane with 198 Dutch civilians two years earlier.
Ukraine/Crimea or Georgian war is purely media thing.
Poland
We call flip-flops "vyetnamki" - Vietnamese
Phew, spineless bitches - one week of protest, few calls from EU and they are sold
Secondly, people of Crimea (and to an extent, people of Ukraine, too) are the ones who are subjected to propaganda.
Numbers were confusing to me only in the first month of learning German
I once saw a video of an Ukrainian guy driving through Poland and calling it a 'paradise', 'nothing but to live here'.
There was Polish collaborators as well, but I don't state that every Pole is a collaborator
This is a good advice
Naa, just average post soviet citizens, most of them speak only Ukrainian/Russian/Surzhyk though slavic languages are very close so it takes relatively little time for them to be able to communicate freely.
Ordinary people are not politicians, they want to live normal lives.
Then you are justified to use extreme force against those non state actors.
> that should have shown us, that there will only be a future in peace, solidarity and unity among all European peoples
I remember Zhirinovsky's phrase like "We will not make war with Ukraine but we will garrison/invade troops there." - "Воевать не будем, но войска введем." They always used him as a barometer to check the reaction of the society for the risky steps.
The goal of this isn't to prosecute Russia -let us be honest, even if Russia still was part of the ICC they'd simply refuse to cooperate with the court- but rather to catalogue Russian crimes against Ukraine for the record and let history see the truth.
Don't know about the others and if authorities are causing problems to them, but sure things are harder for Circassians than Russians since Circassians have to resettle as an American settling to Russian Federation.
I would expect this to have quite a polarising effect depending on which side you lean to.
He made a Nazi salute whilst under the influence of alcohol
Khmelnytsky and cossacks are better symbol than UPA.
Here in Bochum and at our neighbors in Dortmund it's the same square level formation, but made out of unworked concrete
> are okay with their government murdering 298 people
Russia simply reacted to the war when Ukraine started it, obviously we didn't want it to happen, but you allowed criminal 90s oligarchs take over your country so there you are.
The obvious answer is the Ukrainian revolution 1917-1920, but also I guess that Khmelnytsky Uprising 1648–1657 had a huge effect on our identity
That is because overall most people (excluding pro-russian folks, I haven't the slightest idea what that retards are thinking of right now) here abridge and simplify Yugoslavia to the following
He's cool
It's a Ukrainian population heatmap starting from the 16th century (red) to the beginning of the 20th century (bright  yellow)
Let the Europeans deal with Putin on their own terms, they're more than capable.
Pls end me: -20C (we don't get such weather anymore due to climate change)
Orban, Poland, Dutch Ukraine referendum, brexit...
Go all Gandhi, be pacifist as fuck.
Ukraine is in South East Russia.
We celebrate Christmas Eve, or Holy Evening, on Jan 6th with long supper that includes special holiday dishes.
"It should be noted, however, that Credit Suisse described the quality of sources of data for these countries as “poor”, they admit that their data on Ukraine is very very poor quality, that's why it very likely isn't x13 :)
Without Russia Ukraine's territorial sovereignty wouldn't been broken, bunch of Russian bandits ("rebels") wouldn't be roaming around E.
It is probably [Carol of the bells] it is an Ukrainian traditional song that became popular in the US
And it's always shot high from the air, because for residents usually it looks like this:
If the state is commonly mentioned in pop culture, then most people are familiar with the name
In Avengers, the [interrogating guy] speaks decent Russian, good flow, zero mistakes
The only similar rates are in Eastern Europe and Russia.
For example, Russian State controlled newspapers have a habit of writing articles about what horrible fascists we are.
I eat hot-smoked
Back when they started, like 3 years ago, and got a good weight on the polls and elections, I took my time and listened to what they said - it sounded quite adequate and fresh, but since then a lot has changed, and their close alliance with FDP or whatever they are called caused (or was the cause) of a lot of changes in the rhetoric - they turned into a populist hysteric right party that basically does only complain and nothing else.
Because EU is synonymous with Europe?
Nope, the assurances were never a defensive pact of any kind.
In no particular order, not all to my liking, only popular stuff (I know there is avantgarde/indie scene but I have no idea what's going on there):
The IMF even said Yanukovich was right to choose the Russian one.
minor traffic accident in lada and you're handicapped
[Alina Pash - BOSORKANYA]
Women have the same rights and opportunities as men in my country.
Oh yeah, learning the language of a country where you live is definitely "ethnic cleansing"
How can I (Як я можу) - change the world
A transitive verb requires an object, e.g., *to open [what
To goal is to reach a condition called herd immunity that is nicely illustrated in this animation.
There are many relatively new cards now, but a lot of Soviet ones too
Doesn't matter if it's Russia, USA, Ukraine, Germany etc.
Unfortunately, there is nothing we could do but pray for the people there because of politics.
It would be a good setting to combine boating with a hedonistic party atmosphere
Very convenient for winter when you still want to have some fresh air but it's too cold to have it open
That is, that 'crap' and 'unequal' 'trade agreement'..
Germany had two active tank battalions when Russia invaded Ukraine.
First off we're not talking about Crimea but the Eastern Ukrainian territories in this comment chain, and secondly I'm saying precisely that ethnic expansionism *is not okay*.
Wikipedia suggests Ukraine is where his parents were from.
Well, I would argue that I have listed solely events
There is a horrifyingly large number of people in Russia who believe that there are actual fascists and whatnot in Ukraine and a lot of people still believe that Ukraine was prosecuting Russians, forbidding them from speaking Russian and whatnot, which never happened.
I don't see what's hard about that
USD can be used in a pinch through central and Latin America.
Wew, time to pack up and move a few countries further to the west I guess.
But I've seen plenty of good examples, so I strongly disagree.
This was in 2013 during Obama administration, I am genuinely surprised that people seriously considered America a bigger threat than Russia to world peace.
Might be the fact that most of our population was against NATO until Ukraine happened.
All of historical periods in our history were terrible
That is a very quick way to produce a lot of bitter enemies, as most countries take a dim view of another country trying to get part of them to secede to take the territory.
You are truly delusional and ignorant.
Belarus would go broke on trying to maintain that much border
I mean, I wish them all the best, but after reading r/Ukraina I realized how far they are from the prevalent European mindset.
Pro-Russians tried to storm government buildings but were defeated, several people on both sides were killed in skirmishes.
Russian power is very much exagerrated.
This is really disturbing
Hell Russian Federation even made dozens of monuments to man [who orchestrated it] And the worst part of it, that those people only remembered only when the argument of what happen in the 32-33 could be recognized as a genocide towards Ukrainians or not.
>Plus I don't think anyone outside 'CIS' even knows what CIS is
admit that the Soviets gave you stuff you didn't have before.
There were people who looked totally normal (as fas as you can judge) and able to work but still they lived on the streets and begged
Countries like Ukraine, Belarus and Georgia have that issue - they are more vulnerably to Russian aggression and less likely to be protected by Western European countries.
Volhyn massacre
I'm surprised that you guys still use a word "walkie-talkie". I thought it's left in 2000's. :)
Because at the end of the day I did not defend nazism and tried to justify genocide
> Ukraine doesn't really have any land in Russia which is majority Ukrainian, unlike the other way around
We say Chekhiya, but I'll call it whatever Czechs themselves prefer if there's an issue
Western businesses are openly agitating for disband of sanctions(especially those from Germany and Italy).
In our country police stations are in every district and they work 24/7, it was a little bizarre experience
Article 1
Religion spoils people and parties.
While initially (right after the annexation), salaries rose, especially those of government workers, this was soon offset by the increase in prices caused by the depreciation of the ruble.
Endless expansion is what its killing the union.
Economics sanctions are scoffed at and the biggest opponent to Russia's extension of it's sphere, the US just got thrown into a mess of its own.
Understandable, but on a personal level at least four more years without visiting Ireland will be hard
* *"brat"* (brother)
Whatabout whatabout whatabout
Please make it end
I second the Lithuanian brothers and sisters in their amazing support of Belarus on the road towards the democracy
In the USSR, there was the central TV broadcasted from Moscow
Still, I understand that the gamers barely know that something happened in EE in those times, and prefer some central history topics
I don't dispute the fact that Ukraine has low wages and bad infrastructure, mostly due to corruption.
But in reality the alternative is a Russian invasion, as it happened in the Ukraine, which is really bad for the economy.
Edit: Ukrainian was never taught formally to any foreigners until very recently because of that whole USSR thing, so I don't think we have this problem
A free trade deal with the UK will not threaten American manufacturing in anyway whatsoever.
The problem here is "Mr Putin has pledged to defend ethnic Russians wherever they live."
I see massive amounts of Schadenfreude from posters at r/russia about Ukraine.
When it gets broken a lot with no malicious intent, as I understand.
In Western Ukraine "kurwa" is used pretty often, particularly in a meaning of English "fucking" (fucking bad, fucking awesome etc.).
And also I know a barbershop that called Balls
Now write an article about right wing militias in Ukraine if you still have some integrity WaPo, because they have the same.
First Ukraine must be freed and helped to become stable again.
To be honest, I would legit get one for my grandma, but they cost a fortune.
Rebels in eastern Ukraine received tanks and other armoured vehicles as well as anti-tank and portable surface-to-air (SAM)
If the map was correct, Ukraine has to be all shiny there
I guess I will go to the next stop
I mean really Lukashenka won't get a better chance.
For me it is good
If any Ukrainian citizens want to relocate from the occupied Crimea to mainland Ukraine, they are always welcome to do it (and many do, actually).
You must have missed the front page of the sub
Will, will Will will Will Will's will
You can also buy zhyvchik without gas, but it will be just an ordinary apple juice
Ukraine is really a missed opportunity at a pun on the
Why do you put 'the' before Ukraine?
Now all of the oligarchs united in one front against such reforms (because economic protectionism and restrictions is the way they became oligarchs)
We should focus on integrating with the West and leave Ukraine to Ukrainians, instead our stupid government is sending them money each year, nobody knows what for given the scale of corruption around there.
Who will Erdogun blame for this.
His presidency is nothing short of a hijacking of NATO by Putin through election hacking.
Should we just write off (Eastern) Ukraine completely?
I'm still not 100% sure how to reply when someone says "thank you".
Similarly, I sort of respect a friend of mine who admitted she knew fuck all about trade deals, and didn't vote in the recent Dutch Ukraine referendum.
Ukraine coal blockades fuel nationalist tensions
Yeah, I understand why, it was more of a rethoric *why*.
The Ukraine referendum in the Netherlands, the Brexit referendum in the UK, the FARC referendum in Colombia...
10 helicopters flying around Ukraine also proves nothing bud.
Furthermore, what "traditional roles" are you talking about?
Reflexive pronouns are *yourself, myself,* etc
Romanians **32k**
We have [the Internet Party of Ukraine] Once they tried to nominate [a man named Darth Vader] in the presidential elections
Actually they were in conversations with the Spanish Govt and pretty close to granting visas for Spaniards until the whole Ukraine fracas took place and it all went to shit :(
Not even Europeans lmao
Small European War Update Avdiivka Under Fire: Special Report From Eastern Ukraine
It's pointless, all they are doing right now is sucking their own resources with a pointless war.
Operation failed, having officer killed and 3 becoming hostages.
If the holodomor never happened Ukraine would probably have more like 60 million people by now maybe even 70million if the nazi invasion never happened aswell.
just like ducks and geese, pigeons are way more acceptable in the countryside as no sane person would love a fried city rat
It's a historical fact, not my own POV
Nowdays, he even doesn't need to say 'or'
Not Putin received chocolate bar.
No data, fuck off
Ukraine's president is the one next to her on the list.
I'm just finishing work, so I'll only leave one small remark: Well, NATO are vying to get the Eastern Bloc into the club, aren't they?
Hungary is particularly considered like "the country of porn" especially because of Ilona Staller, a hungarian porn star that even became a member of the Italian parlament, and also because it's known that Rocco Siffredi has founded a porn school in Budapest.
I forgot about the force field preventing Russians from going to western Ukraine.
Yeah, first tried, then realized sushi is where they put raw fish
Why do you think they are desperate to act like Ukraine and Georgia is not them?
As I understand, there already is a huge Turkish diaspora in Germany that is increasing.
During the Space Race, the Manhattan Project
It does make us less tense about the Moldova-Transnistria-Ukraine hot zone.
As of now they will be cancerous parts and a money sink of the country most likely forever; crippling economic and social growth.
We do get a lot of migrants and immigrants from the east (eg Ukraine).
Just letting some dozens to return is not giving away a right to return.
* **pheasant**: basically gamey chicken, great on the grill
Whats with this sudden barrage of articles about Ukraine?
It's just a fact that this sentiment is common in Germany and maybe moreso than in other countries.
Fucking nazis
This guy protests
That's not necessarily true though.
Over 100 peope were killed by (most likely although not proven) russian or prorussian snipers in the center of Kyiv, [it all began as a pro EU protest with EU flags] Now nobody gives a single fuck and Germany [still launders russian money] I can understand them doing it because we are just some scrubs from a 3rd world country nobody cares about, obviously, thats understandable, but i cant understand them being friendly with russians after MH17
In Ukraine I could be completely careless about money, in France I can't.
All in all - Putin have almost won.
Are we sure that  Switzerland exists at all
As well as the fact that they started drawing the Ukrainian flag the wrong way.
100 euro would equate to at least month's worth of food here, if you're a student, it can be your budget for a season
She instilled me with the idea that all that is served is to be eaten, no matter how full you feel, how much you already had during the day
Russia should've been marked with USSR flag
Our minorities feel well and are free to preserve their identities
One time we went to the forest, and I jokingly pointed out where the north is based on moss on the trees
Why do we blame Germany for Nazi atrocities
Why move factories to China, when you have Ukraine right next to Europe and is desperate for any investments?
What he calls "war", I see as a natural consequence of such a breakaway, and thus incompatible with returned territories and peace.
PS: by "know" I mean that person can tell something about this historical figure, not just name
Old city was in ruins, everything broken, meat with worms.
Good wine and expensive wine are not the same thing, and I don't mean different tastes.
Instead of helping anyone it could just have gottena whole lot of people killed as the fighting escalated.
Why doesn't NATO publish smoking gun satellite photos and why doesn't Ukraine just fly some drones or whatever live-streaming Russian battalions?
People voted because they didn't want Ukraine in the EU against a treaty that in no way guarantees its entry in the EU.
Ukraine bans Russia's Eurovision Entry
They are terrorists, basically.
What else polish far right can say ?
So let's do not tolerate "Здравуствуйте, товарищи" as well, and so on, and forth
UK, France, Spain, Monaco (that counts!), Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, Czech Republic, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Ukraine, Russia, Sweden, Norway, Ireland.
Yeah, first tried, then realized sushi is where they put raw fish
There's the major city  with literally the same name in Belarus
Belarus and Ukraine have this post-soviet allure to them, mixed with the legacy of cities like Minsk, Kiev, Chernovtsy.
The combined population of Albania, Bosnia&Herzegovina, Kosovo, FYROM, Montenegro and Serbia is only 18 million which is less than Romania and half of that of Ukraine or Poland.
to a friend or a special kind of food.
Ukraine is Russia, I know what I'm saying
47,6% is not "slightly more" then 28,2%
Cats, there are far more people fostering cats and feeding strays than people caring for stray dogs or wanting to take a stray mutt in
I am afraid that his results in Ukraine will be just as successful as his results in Georgia.
TIL that Crunchroll isn't blocked in Ukraine like other services.
Russia deployed dozens of tanks at Ukraine border.
There is no way the western world can walk into that conflict now.
These states, while not being formal members of the CIS, were allowed to participate in CIS
“Since the declaration of Ukrainian independence in 1991, the United States supported the Ukrainians in the development of democratic institutions and skills in promoting civil society and a good form of government - all that is necessary to achieve the objectives of Ukraine’s European.
Yep, this is the stupidest policy ever.
>I remember hearing something about another accident recently
And with the senate being overwhelmingly Republican atm I don't see that happening.
if the party said you gotta go, you gotta go
Its technically a battlefield and if EU wants to keep peace they will just spectate
They didn't break any laws and were one of the many airlines that still used that route.
maybe OP speaks a dialect where they don’t have the s - ß distinction
They were not even close to Russia.
If India was Britishers to short out then why they allowed so many to die.Truth is they were never about helping anyone in India everything they did was to suck more and more Indian blood, partition for example.
When you purge corruption and nationalistic ideologies out of governing bodies, then will Ukraine be able to join Union and possibly NATO
Why make yourself vulnerable to a Russia just wating to put one in your ass.
Ukraine is not first
I don't want my country to once against drop 20 years in progress because of stupid reasons, I want us to prosper and catch up to the North and West.
EU, black color on the flag, Flanders that refused their own language for Dutch, Waloons that refused their own language for French, chocolate, dark chocolate
Bandera was also collaborating later
I think they are more anti-Russian than Poles are, because they were part of USSR.
it's a desperation strategy if you ask me
Although, on the 6th map, since you colored Ukraine and Serbia in a light blue shade, I don't see why Moldova shouldn't be light blue as well.
russia
few would be insulted by this map
I can't imagine someone using it in a house
And in 2019:
It will only fuck Ukraine economy even more.
We should encourage Ukraine to move towards membership, but not in the near future.
"When will you pass
Would it hurt the US, or would we just have to re-evaluate our position?
Even Ukraine which can be considered a relatively modern construct there was a Cossack confederation prior to that, the people are the same (except the ones in east).
After those events however, the military is everywhere.
001 nanopixel calculator smh
About how russians make a good fertilizer
Basically new government started a few market reforms which will open the country to international investors (market for agricultural lands, new labor codex, privatization of state property)
[In Belarusian]
Of course :)
Googling people before you meet them is creepy and just straight fucked up
We consider it ours, Ukrainian and Qirimlar land, with no exceptions
The youngest generation sees Auschwitz and e.g. ancient Babylon as similarly abstract ideas
MH17: Russia's lawyer goes off-script over Buk missiles in hearing at The Hague
Oh you mean like electing a former comedian as a president
I do wonder what's wrong with it, since any ethnic Russian is able to do so to Russian Federation, and even ethnic Russians from Ukraine are 'repatriating' to our only single Circassian federal subject with the government support.
>Are you a cat or dog person
Tell that to Ukraine, whos been going through the same shit, but y'all support them cause boo Russia.
based
Yes definitely
“For the purposes of this question, I am not worried about transitional arrangements, I am prepared to take the economic hit or to secure the economic benefits of not being inside the single market and being outside the customs union.
Who knows
I don't see what Poland / Poles would gain from doing this, which leaves us with either a Russian provocation, or Ukrainian far-right.
EU Council confirms agreement on visa liberalisation for Ukrainians
It was peaceful until police attacked harmless students on the night of November 30th
**Only 4% think that one of the rebel militias in E.
The money themselves will come from commercial markets, the guarantee just helps to reduce interest and other terms of borrowing (by shifting the risk).
"Do the Oxen Bellow, When Their Mangers Are Full
Well, if they didn't want it, they could've voted against it, more so since it was apparently an attack on Ukraine which Europe seems so eager to defend.
They've literally tied up all of their available personell in the middle east and the Ukraine.
For my eye, it's certainly Ukrainian
Ukraine is the only country in the region without far right parties in the parliament
But we also used russian «Кто не спрятался, я не виноват». (Ready or not, here I come)
The problem in the Ukraine is that the Russians could help the separatists with artillery, modern AA weapons and tanks.
Ukraine really should not have started the war.
Either aah, or сука, or fuck, or maybe ааа факинг сука, who knows
This summer, the AC was the real MVP
not based
I don't remember, why
I've been listening things like this for more than 25 years now.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I am fairly certain neither Russia not Ukraine has officially declared war on each other.
They had little choice because separatists live and station in the cities, not in some remote region in the woods.
And if you're under 14 you have to go to the next nearest
That's precisely why Russia wants to "integrate" Ukraine.
Agendas such as "we need to stop the russian bear" while we were the ones who poked the bear knowingly.
Generally-speaking, I would bet that diplomats tend toward trying to advance their country's interests without military conflict.
I mean, the correct name literally means " White Rus' ", and English name is just a transcription
If the country destabilises it would be easy for Russia to swoop in and turn it into another Ukraine.
Germany’s intelligence agencies have found no evidence that Russia is meddling in the country’s politics following a government-commissioned investigation.
I understand it's very ridiculous to put quotas on our own language in our own country while other countries put quotas on minority languages - but that's our ridiculous post-colonial situation
About how russians make a good fertilizer
> [Ukraine] Has never been a member
The whole Maidan started when Yanukovich dropped the pro-EU energy deal for a pro-Russian one.
As for religion, doesn't matter and is the same as the alphabet, not every country has there one and it isn't a measure of culture.
Pretty sure China is not telling us real number
It's not free, it's financed from taxes - it's long waiting times (not in an emergency case), doctors can treat you like shit (you will still come back to them), treatment quality can be low and more harmful than the disease, doctors get a lower wage
Well I said *no wars* and in 2014 I got a scare as my flight had to change trajectories in Ukraine when *a fucking plane got shot down*
Dearly ask you to world of Ukrainian grammar
Made in Photoshop, map from [mapchart
What about Split, Croatia
How did they get the necessary training to operate a *fucking SAM launcher* and why would Ukraine have deployed an anti-air weapon if it was just rebels?
Some of the rules of engagement are utterly absurd: no shooting whatsoever, no actions after dark, etc.
After the fall of the Soviet Union, whole factories and other large government owned facilities were sold for pennies.
But if I'm wrong then "Putin's bitches" is more due dislike of Latvian Russians( I am one of them) of new Ukraine's government that is perceived very nationalistic, anti-russian(language wise), not a country itself.
We also have Amish people in the US to compare to.
Lo-Fi Map of Europe
Putin hates Kaczinski because when he started to dream of building USSR 2 and helping the separatists in Georgia the Kaczinski brothers were the most active in trying to stop him and were running around, trying to find allies for Russia's threatened neighbours.
I still feel triggered by how stupid that statement is.
You will not kill your friend over a game of chess.
Prague is truly gay hot-spot, because it attracts LGBT from the regions and nearby rather homophobic countries like Slovakia, Ukraine but also from the west a lot.
I don't see why Ukraine isn't getting any military support already...
You can find it at the [Expocenter of Ukraine] I went there with my girlfriend and we rented bikes which we rode to Pyrohiv and back.
Oh poor Russia, can't afford foreign puppet politicians without corruption, right?
To be honest, it's one of those things where I can say *so be it* without any negativity
Not really Europe, but Moroccan oil if just fucking amazing
There is no correlation between religiousness and acceptance in this map, so find another reason.
Says the country that invaded Crimea and eastern Ukraine.
the crises we are facing (migration, Ukraine, Greece) are, really, relatively minor
thus the schulz subreddit was born.
I often get depressed by the future outlook of Ukraine and drive my ass to da loop.
' *says nothing about fascism, nationalism and white supremacy*
Does Greta Hottentothenberg approve of this
My friends from Russia say that they don't understand Ukrainian, it's looks similar only visual
If they can't, they have no reason to serve you content
It's like an enlightened monarchy.
So an overwhelming majority of Russian singers are barred then for breaking Ukraine law.
They're really really poor and the country is huge.
It's direct translation can be missunderstood
**Known by most Ukrainians, but I can't say that by "all"**
Edit: it seems, it's being unrelated to the dual form
Will do
His campaign started way before the elections when he produced and starred in a TV show called "Servant of the People" where he played an ordinary guy that accidentally was elected to be the president of Ukraine
I think it is much better then McDonald's
If we look back into past deep enough we can find apology there for anything: fascism, slavery, cannibalism.
More foreign
>But my friends (also fully bilingual people) protested when I tried to speak Ukrainian to them because they were weirded out by the personality shift
It's just my crazy curiosity
are you an idiot
The failed Obama and Hillary era is over and with them their failed state of Ukraine.
You are the ones feeling threatened by Russia.
Don't blame outsiders for helping the Ukrainian people, blame their leaders for putting them in such a terrible position.
**Taras Shevchenko** (best known Ukrainian poet, also an important political figure, lived in the 19th century)
Have a look on geographical distribution of Ukrainians.They were mostly in current Ukraine.
Though a little different type than US
Ukraine, Russia spin their stories as tensions soar
Almost all Ukrainians are conservative and still believe in vaccines, so there is no anti-vax movement (yet
In Ukraine, it's definitely S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Fantastic series
I didn't know they asked for reunification with Ukraine, I guess they won't ask again anytime soon.
Yes definitely
There is some data to suggest the people are 'fighting' back against Russia; recruitment for the rebel army for example.
Ukrainian military is doing all it can to minimize harm to civilians.
Because it's illegal
>Left wing violence is nothing compared to right wing violence
MINSK, 1 February (BelTA) – The contact group on Ukraine calls for the conflicting parties to strictly observe the ceasefire, BelTA learned from the OSCE's special representative in the trilateral contact group on resolving the conflict in Ukraine's east Martin Sajdik on 1 February.
In Ukraine we have two names for railroad: "Kolija" which means train track and "Zaliznytsya", which means whole railroad infrastructure
So no, it is incorrect to say that *Ukrainian* farmers were targeted, because they were not.
I feel like an anti-Brexit Brit.
There's already a lot of tradesmen from Ukraine working in EU.
And get a couple of free apartments for that.
I can't imagine someone using it in a house
Well it's quite simple, Ukraine stepped out from the Russian sphere of influence.
Can relate to party+beach destinations
Oh, that makes it totally fine, then!
I am well aware about what was and is happening in Russia, and Ukraine, and even in Mongolia.
My country is not in the EU and I would trust them more in every area of government
All im saying is France is waging economic war against Russia, France sees Russia as enemy, therefore Russia is 100% justified in supporting any French candidate it deems necessary.
Nobody on the street will support you if you yell at an asshole who parked on a sidewalk, etc
The same freaking article is claiming that such information is false propaganda by russian media.
sellout
The only reason Russia is against US is because they want to be at the position that US is now.
Look at Russia now, they lost all of it, they are barely holding on in eastern Ukraine by shelling the front.
They had relations with the West but I wouldn't say they were anything like the relations between Kazakhstan and the West, especially when it comes to business.
That means that people think only about own and loved ones’ problems and needs
Glad for them both, but isn't Ukraine a possible Trojan horse for Russians at this point?
The war in Ukraine is not a civil war
Especially since it's pretty uneven and there's some parts where everything is absolutely logical and orderly with few exceptions(like basic conjugation outside of the sentences, word formation, lexicology, phonetics etc) but at the same time there are parts that go absolutely bananas(advanced conjugation, syntax, punctuation, semantics and dialectology) and those that don't have any rules at all
Well, I never moved, but culturally and economically we became closer to Europe and further from Russia, so uh, this
Civil servants in Russia sometimes mistake their flag for Serbia.
* Muhteşem Yüzyıl (The Magnificent Century)
Officially, it was independant.
I imagine I would be terrified, you never know if tanks would roll in an murder you.
In Belarus we come for cheaper alcohol to Ukraine, Lithuania, Poland (for example duty free shops on borders with Lithuania\Poland or tax free paying).
More like 20 years ago, Ukraine can't even apply for membership now, let alone join.
Their skytour is awesome
What about Moldova
they were [Cossacks] and they came from somewhere between Ukraine and Russia but it's quite possible friulans called them mongols, after all I don't think uneducated italians in 1944 (or even now) had half an idea of whatever lied east of Budapest at the time.
&#x200B;
Thank you
Seriously dude, I get that in Russia you are completely inundated by propaganda, but you should do your own reading about it
Yeah Russia invaded Ukraine because the US provoked it to do so.
Supposedly the village they shot the missile from was one of eight in the area with the same name and at one of these at the same time shooting out the missile would have downed an Aeroflot plane.
No profit from there diving in to deeper economic problems, yet they still went for it, cause it helps ruling elite in Russia to get popularity
well, there is a remark there, that with new information the list will be updated.
That's ok, our Security Services will have more work to do, but they can handle it
Main problem - it is not like there is a union about this question between politics
I don't believe there is or ever was any evidence that there are minors fighting in Ukraine.
We also wanted to mediate Ukraine and Russia problems and held a Bush-Trump meeting years ago, they just want to continue that.
Ukrainians prefer living in villages and suburbs since we have rich nature.
Do you think you can punch it hard enough
[Oh my God] you weren't kidding
* My personal favourites, **YUKO**. They take authentic folk lyrics and mix with own original music
Here you say Russia has second biggest army in the world, but [here] you say "they don't have enough forces to hold Ukraine".
I am really tired of some people hyping this to show Ukrainians as "fascist" and to make Poles and Ukrainians hating each other.
Resources are/were scare and the political atmosphere in europe has been somewhat peaceful (until Georgia/Ukraine), this did not leave much possibilities to acquiring this kind of equipment.
it's said by some source, unofficial yet
I remember the reset with Russia when she was secretary of state.
On top of that, the works were handed to the Dutch museums when Crimea was still part of Ukraine.
And probably some selfish Hetmans
And [this is] a more general image of *titushky* on duty
He said they have to discuss whether pre Crimea-Annexation borders still are legal or not.
The word order and meaning are the same as in English
Jeez, lost the war and ripped into pieces.
03, $0
Most apartments have this buffer zone with a closet or hangers for the outer clothing, a shoe rack, and a tall mirror
In Ukraine we have two names for railroad: "Kolija" which means train track and "Zaliznytsya", which means whole railroad infrastructure
But actually real retards in stories like these are those people
But now it looks like it may be some old pagan slavic thing.
Western Europeans simply don't care about Ukraine, is that a crime?
Trump had Paul Manafort run his campaign, who in turn was deep in Ukraine's pro-Russia side.
Haven't been to Kiev, but have some advice on the Ukraine tipping front.
The most (in)famous examples are coal and gas trade.
Polish and Ukraine are way closer than Russian and Ukrainian.
Arguably Syria sided with the Soviets because of Arab Nationalism and because they were anti-west.
If i was a Ukrainian soldier in the trenches in the Donbass i would be very worried.
I watch this show sometimes, and already high level of inadequacy is increasing every month
Noticeably not by anyone in Cornwall except one lunatic.
What the hell is "Gorky Central Park"?
IIRC, there was not even a visa required to move to Russia.
And sometimes they are even let into the elite circles of oligarchs.
And special thanks to USA for all those javelins
TL;DR: Russia bad Ukraine good.
I can't verify that at the moment.
Things are not looking great for him, though.
If it's not too difficult for you to find the study, I'd like to read it
Millions of people from a hard to integrate culture/religion + high birthrate = serious social/religious tensions/possible civil war/possible replacement of the native European population/culture with a foreign one that is very different to the local one.
Ukrainian is the sole official language of Ukraine.
Finland is part of the European Union, Ukraine is not.
We do not relate to Roman Empire culturally, ethnically or geographically (expect for very minor parts).
Well, we are good friends with them but I can't say that we are close to each other for example like Lithuania and Latvia I'd say
net] art from r/europe's Lo-Fi challenge
By any West European standard, 90% of our sidewalks (mostly considered perfectly walkable by locals) are basically a pile of asphalt thrown into the mud and leveled a bit
This one is Ukraine specific, but is still relevant and updates almost every day
Even Toblerone dosen't taste so good
2 days later when the punitive action began being committed by up to 500 persons unit of SS and auxiliary police, the partisans were just observing; there was no order to step in (most of partisans were local, from surrounding villages)
Who knows what is going on in the mysterious land of Ukraine.
However, all piercing that is not in ears is seen as a thing that people grow out of, so as women grow older, they tend to remove it to be perceived serious
He's part of the Russian government's foreign policy machine.
Now write an article about right wing militias in Ukraine if you still have some integrity WaPo, because they have the same.
The dish was apparently adopted to Siberia from Mongolia/China
Let us not pretend that Ukraine is not allowing thousands of people to visit passing through occupied territory.
Obviously, I have the highest success rate with Ukrainians, Belarusians, and Russians, and there's a difference between these three which I can't explain, it's just a hunch
Don't get me wrong, Lviv has a ton in terms of architecture and stuff, but the reason I go there every year is definetly for the restaurants (there are a bunch of themed restaurants of all kinds which I personally adore)
that probably another common thing in every post-soviet country
Maybe the craziest theory I've heard is that Golden Horde has never existed and Mongols didn't invade Rus
It is more prevalent in smaller towns and the countryside, as a part of what is considered the local way of speaking.
You never know what exactly the person in front of you knows, have they been to the US themselves or if they have relatives there so they know stuff secondhand
You can't really judge Germany that much considering a far-right clown who incites violence against foreigners is leading the polls in the Netherlands and your country blocked help for Ukraine.
Once upon a time in Odesa, I was called a nationalist just for speaking Ukrainian in Ukraine
Why did you put Estonian in quotes
Article 1
For religious people it's much more than official.
I'd call it overall **national Renaissance**. Ukraine is becoming Ukraine instead of the UkrSSR
>Defeat them through reason
Romania is richer, but not 13 times richer.
* *"pasta"* (paste)
Many of them consider themselves betrayed by Ukrainean government as of late while seeing Russia's interference as positive.
It's still a big holiday to this day
Kyiv in my opinion is a bit more boring, but of course it got a ton too see and do
It was deliberate and man-made though
Not sure if people understand that fifth spot is ass
[du get used to it
You've still got time to apply if you aren't going until April, and I think a Schengen visa should only cost about €35 for Ukraine citizens.
As Ukrainian, I know that it's better to keep trying to do something than do nothing and afraid that "next government will be the same or worse".
For sure their escapades in Syria or Ukraine are costly too and if I remember correctly they repayed their state debt one or two years ago.
Maybe it's being used in more civil situations like "but-I'm-a-father, I feel for these kids" or "but-I'm-a-father, my opinion should be respected".
Eh, perhaps I just phrased it poorly
You don't feel it
It's not a successor to Athens League but the modern Greece is very much a successor of the Byzantine Empire
I never heard about us hating you because of it
[The Doox - Гриць \(Hryts'\)]
He’s created new corruption-fighting institutions (still understaffed and subservient to the Soviet-era General Prosecutor’s Office with 15,000 prosecutors).
> So either the Russian military is criminally incompetent, or the Russian government is a bunch of neo-imperialists and liars
Americans liberated some territories
We say Pfizer (easier to say), but pretty much everyone who’s been following the news knows who actually created the vaccine
but Ukraine will be probably (and Baltics maybe) sold, for russian support against China
I see, thank you for clearing it out for me
I think he also lives in  Chrząszczyżewoszyce, powiat Łękołody ^(/s)
Idk when my country wiil recognize Volhynian massacre as genocide.
Is that guy trying to say that Russia intrudes German internal politics after totally not hacking democrats to help Trump and not funding fascists across EU?
An imported variety and available throughout the year
Just look at Netherlands and the Ukraine referendum, do you think people in Europe want to let Turks in if even Ukrainians aren't welcome?
* Volodymyr (the one who owns/rules the world)
What do you think is *ideological motivation* of Ukrainians?
Ukrainian NATIONAL language of Ukraine?
It borders Ukraine and Russia, is hostile to Ukraine and friendly with Russia.
* "but-I'm-a-mother, I know what's better for my child"
There, you can divide Macedonia however you want, nuke the whole Middle East, conquer China and literally **noone's** gonna be mad!
It would be every bit as legit as Russians barbarically killing their way through Ukraine and pretending it was a peaceful democratic uprising.
"* part
I was surprised that my Belarussian friends knew more about Russian and Ukrainian politics than me, because it's so boring in their domestic political life they started watching our news
Leaving them out in the cold (read: Russia) would.
* solid pro-West course, at least for now
The impact of removing that advantage is difficult to predict.
He seems to be morphing into an almost ok person,(denounced white nationalist support for him) maybe with time he'll even make an ok president.
What we are asking is the right to return for Circassians, not a few people or not some dumb workarounds that we are even discriminated against other foreign nationals.
[This opera and balet theater in Kharkiv]
Did you even expect kremlin to do something not plausibly deniable?
I think it's Ukrainian revolution of 1917-1919 that followed Russia's defeat in WWI
And the man has been a dictator for the last 30 years soon, he most likely truly thinks this is something he can easily solve and everyone will eventually shut up like always
A day in Switzerland can cost you as much as a week in Ukraine.
preventing Ukraine and Georgia from joining NATO
Currently, it's Kira Yoshikage from JoJo's Bizarre Adventures
It's just that many people pick a name that they associate with Slavic countries, call it "a Russian name", and this name is often of Greek/etc origin; some Byzantine emperor or a Biblical martyr had that name
black color is not for jokes it's used to pay respects to all the sausages that were overcooked and burned
It has Polish subtitles If you click add them and then choose Polish
Haha yes
It is probably [Carol of the bells] it is an Ukrainian traditional song that became popular in the US
You should know that geographical center of Europe is in Ukraine.
At a certain point, a big enough army keeps enemies at bay without having to fire a shot.
I want to study there one day
There's like six of them
Slovakia, Romania, Moldova, Hungary - not a threat at all
One of the biggest inspiration for Ukraine to try and do the same
All over Ukraine, usually in smaller numbers at a time, of course
I've travelled Russia, I've travelled Ukraine, I've travelled Crimea.
Because not many people knew about her.
**Known by literally everyone, even tourists will learn about them after staying here for 1 day
Ukraine need to fix their democracy and corruption first.
The closest I can think of are the newer songs about the war and about our enemies
Part of article about "Greekommunism" made me feel like good old days.
If Russia officially invades, Ukraine might just surrender.
You can always ask me if you have questions :)
>I find it hard to believe any more than roughly 1/3 of the population supports that shit
A few reasons that contributed to this problem:
"It's cold put on a warmer jacket/hat and don't forget the gloves"
The city is surrounded by forests, so sometimes we find forest guests like [moose]
I'd prefer regime selling consumerism.
I'm sure there is a geographic border somewhere, splitting Russia, Turkey and some other countries in 2 parts: European and Asian.
If Albania is not Europe, neither is Ukraine.
We are loosing our position
Like turning off the SWIFT for it.
By the way, unlike Central Europe, V-4 is a term which is used in real life and has its point
The city is surrounded by forests, so sometimes we find forest guests like [moose]
De jure Crimea is still part of Ukraine everywhere in civilized world.
With careful groundwork I think accession is possible, but not easy.
\> Ukraine no longer does \[protect the rights of minorities\]
Car service
Your typical shpargalka looks like that
Only hope we have is Holy Elon Musk
Pretty much all Slavic languages
I like folk from many countries/cultures
Long live Ukraine
While it is one of the poorest area in Europe, it's not *that* bad
In Ukrainian Czech Russian Polish Serbo-Croatian Danish/Swedish Dutch English German Spanish/Italian
No one takes him seriously at this point.
Yeah, that's too
Waiting for Hungarians to remind us that there's a thing called Central Europe
Its not about being right to expect more from Ukraine, its Ukraine needs to do more to get people to actually care enough to support helping.
What a nice picture of Medieval Holland
I guess, since "pan/pani" literally means *"lord/madam"* or *"someone who owns land and rules over smaller people"* (not an official title though, just an addressing), it was perceived as bourgeois in the Soviet times, and the Name+Patronymic addressing (or just *"tovarisch* (literally, *comrade*) *Petrov/Petrova"*) became the most prevalent and usual in our documents, workspace, education, etc
Ruthenian language
Even an ethnic group, as russian officials refer to them.
I also know turkish citicens who are great people and are personally extreamly against Erdogan.
In here we don't this
"Serp" is like "serb", but ends with a "p".
In our country police stations are in every district and they work 24/7, it was a little bizarre experience
Most of us are somewhere in the middle, closer to "I don't give a shit".
Well, It shows what I already suspected: EU is a coward institution.
There was also that Yugoslavia thing
From  available in English , you can try:
after Collectivization Ukraine caused to be  Breadbasket
She wished his soul would stop delaying
They are already bleeding money like crazy in Crimea.
Watch out, people on Reddit like to pretend they care about privacy and corporate ethics by posting outraged comments on their iPhone.
The mother tounge of Ukrainians fighting each other in Eastern-Ukraine is mainly Russian.
It's not like Putin is a cartoon villain, world leaders tend to act within the boundaries of rational thought.
And the islamic countries will vote anything in favor of another islamic country.
That means that people think only about own and loved ones’ problems and needs
But they didn't they tried to pin it on Ukraine instead.
Ukrainian users on r/Ukraine are saying azeris are mistranslating, what a shock.
They're way too poor and have so many other problems that it would hurt both the EU and the Ukraine really really badly.
Fucking hell this comment section is depressing
Bonus point: russian tourists dodged
That guy who is hiding in Russia now
_Cossack braves
Neither have Ukraine, so I'm a tad confused why they even bothered weighing in on this.
The only countries I have no desire to visit are Russia, Belarus and Ukraine.
The US destablised Ukraine via street violence then backed the neo-nazis.
Comprehensive testing of every single condition/input/...
We are living without this type of things and we wanna keep it.
Except that Ukraine actually could've protected its citizens, but the US and Russia agreed to not ever attack them, and come to their aid if they were to turn in their nukes.
>I'll be called a Nazi-sympathiser by the likes of you
So you're saying Ukraine should cut off Ukrainian citizens from their Ukrainian water supply?
Not Hitler of 1941, 1939
Until Putin does some stupid shit like that, nothing is gonna happen.
Zakarpattia Oblast
Instead in France you'd be 2700-3400 and paying the same for 35 sqm, a fuck load of taxes, plus everything else is 2 to 10 times as expensive
Titushky - young people (athletes, gopninks e.t.c) that blending into a peaceful crowd or mob and then instigating a violent  fight between them which always lead to arrests of peaceful protesters  on the grounds of mass disorder; perpetrators were then used either as  "witnesses" of the committed "crime" or as "victims".
* [Gloster] - great autumn apples, sour/sweet and juicy, that are hard enough to be stored in winter, but they turn into potatoes rather quickly
Isn't that the actual starting position for finding a solution to the problem?
The outcome is that Russia claims the land and Ukraine says they won't give it to Russia.
There are big festivals and Yacht Week
Russian forces are using illegal landmines in Ukraine.
Even if that is true (and if it is then selecting a singer in a wheelchair if a genius PR move), why is Ukraine cooperating in a plot to make itself look stupid and petty?
Even more than that
KMS activation, but I didn't tell you anything
(I know there is an error at the beginning, it's just a reference to an old meme)
Everything they can to keep their regime running and popular on the inside.
Don't do it
Now, if they somehow manage to pull this off in the Baltics it be would much more beneficial, with the added benefit of dismantling NATO if there is no strong response.
Ukraine understandably doesn't want to lose yet more territory.
When Russia cuts the highly favourable gas deal, we paint them as monsters.
I actually never learned to write printed
Agressive neo-Nazi's from Western Ukraine were among the protesters, trying to escalate the situation.
I'll just nod my head and pretend I understand.
However, the good thing is that the ukrainian identity is developing.
Is in near Moldavia or closer to Uzbekia
When is Ukraine going to take back Crimea?
Second of all, every opposition candidate there is as much pro- Russian as Lukashenka is
Happy Birthday, neighbor
Why are we required to care about Africa?
yeah, neither Iceland and Ukraine (and more), and both have blue passports for example...
LMAO we are just multulingual
For hiking - go to the Carpathian mountains
Oh yay Maidan 2, I want to see how Russia would handle it
Bulgarian is Russian Churchian
Lol
Putin pulls out of Ukraine - risks losing his position of power due to acting so far against his earlier claims.
Aside from liking Russia, I also stand to personally gain from this Ukraine situation somewhat.
"Russian salad" is used only abroad
The city of Odessa in Ukraine used to be really popular too, and Sochi is somewhat popular.
Absolute truth
Out of the pair zazdroshchi/zazdrist the singular zazdrist is a lot more common as the equivalent of "envy".
Is there any evidence that Putin used the invasion of Ukraine to draw out the crazy neo nazis parts of russian society and then let them die there or is this only wishful thinking.
It's frustrating to policy makers when eastern Europe wants America to shield it from Russia, Germany wants to build a pipeline to Russia to bypass Ukraine, France wants to build a carrier for Russia, Southern Europe wants to lift sanctions on Russia to trade and the EU wants to do all and none of these things because it wants to make all its member states happy all the time.
The only time we may actually start with a greeting is on the day of the holiday, and usually only when speaking to acquaintances.
Imperial measures
We are loosing our position
\[The\] order of \[the\] words In Ukrainian can be changed almost in any way
Nah, Russian and Ukranian dub are pretty good this days and go in four voices
Ukraine was persuaded to give up their nukes too, mainly by UK and US.
I've been in similar situations
well the EU wants to make an Association Agreement with Ukraine which is mostly about trade but also about corruption and free travel and stuff.
If Ukraine falls, you three are next.
Yes, this is how I like it
Annexation worsened effect for sure, but a lot of them have been here even in 1970's, there were areas not safe for traveling for even Ukrainians in Ukraine...
Here Nikolai's II one:
I guess
**Volodymyr Monomakh** (ruler of Kievan Rus)
View [from the top]
Ukraine didn't shoot first though.
Not unlike every other platonic ideal, it doesn't exist :P The definitions of right and wrong aren't universal either, I think.
But the US seems to be stuck in the Cold War mentality.
The fire on Khreschatyk street raged for almost a week and the street was completely destroyed
Ukrain did ban the use of Russian language in public life, baned it from TV and radio
Only 4 people live there
Financial Situation of Ukraine and the IMF?
Russia's actions in Crimea were illegal anyway, but the Budapest Memorandum even provided additional assurances to Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Fourteen of them remain in custody, including some who have fought for pro-Russia rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Existing missiles/bombs may be armed on German planes, though.
Here if can either have old wooden windows (still with double glazing though), or this sort of windows if you ever upgraded them in the last 20 years
In Ukrainian, similar to Western Slavic languages, we have a formal addressing "pan/pani" (male/female)
We're immune to starving to death as well.
But both stories are not for children
Actually helping people (not even going out of your way to hide them) was dangerous enough to be grounds for inclusion in
Looks like Belarus is next on the list after Ukraine and Syria.
The only problem is that another country is already busy interfering in the internal affairs of Ukraine.
Russia was hit hard by economic senction yet that still did not stop them from invading Ukraine.
It is annoying but people believe this is some form of showing respect
Thats probably because of the inaccurate borders everywhere else, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, just look at it.
So top tourist attraction in Ukraine is actually in Moscow.
The only countries that are in no form attached to the EU are Ukraine and Belarus.
Never thought that Romans created underground
I disagree
Key Maidan journalist murder suspect released in Ukraine
There should not be any more conversations.
Even if you ignore damages from artillery in some districts, it really became so ugly you feel like you got back into USSR
Backing away from supporting Ukraine should be one policy I thought you'd be aware of.
I guess each school decides if they have the means to heat the building
It's outdated since that political alignment doesn't exist anymore.
Major of Kyiv (Vitaliy Klichko) said: I have 2 secretaries, 4 of whom are in the Verkhovna Rada
Pretty much serves as a buffer zone between us and Russia which serves us all.
As a french,i can tell you seriously:Fuck CDG airport.
This would be the most popular party here
It since has become a joke
I'm still not 100% sure how to reply when someone says "thank you".
Sure, it's not as fast at changing and economic growth, but on the other side you get stability
It's bones sky and blood
Not in Ukrainian or Russian, sorry, but I do care in English
Its funny how you think international law matters anymore.
Well that's interesting, I though he was supposed to be jailed in Ukraine by their law about visiting Crimea not through Ukraine
LMAO we are just multulingual
For almost all world SOLD is the subset of DONE.
I meant psychotic disorders, i.e. when people lose touch with reality
Only Ukraine has power to solve this particular situation, maybe not now, maybe in next 20 years.
NATO has nothing to do with Ukraine or Crimea.
I think it's everyone's job to call him out on it.
It's especially sad that those who believed in Russian promises about all the benefits of the secession got screwed because thos in Donetsk and Luhansk got neither Russian pensions nor citizenship nor recognition of their so-called republics.
I think that's the way it should be.
I don't google "Russia" every day
It just shows how little you know on the subject, and highlights that you should not be talking
Its a zero sum world, if Russia fails then we are done as a country.
Metro last light was pretty good imho.
Excuse this wordy reply, it's not 100% directed at you
If Ukraine really wants to join the EU and all that they have to be held to higher standards than they currently are being.
Overall, I reckon, if the Russians calm down with their imperialism a bit and the Serbs (and perhaps Hungarians) don't try restoring their respectful empires, the peace in Europe will be a very long-lasting phenomenon
Why we shouldn't be able to return to our homeland and live there, especially while so many Circassians got stuck in the middle of the Syrian Civil War, the one that Russia is an active actor of?
"великий військовий російський морський флот"
But I don't think that my body language changed since then
Ohh, so paczek is a polish word, this is so cool
Oooh Ireland why are you not in Schengen zone
* Cultural Rennaisance during 1920's in the Ukrainian Soviet Republic
The big debate is usually do you put your sauces in the fridge or not
Besides Ukraine 2007, which is obviously the best thing that ever happened in history of the world:
Wouldn't Ukraine be happier than almost all African and Middle Eastern countries?
Very precise (for unguided weapons) and very effective.
Why did they approve it
He has a lot of Ukrainian ties.
Local qualifiers is beyond stupid.
Some would say - should borsch be with smetana (type sour cream) or without
It's either a moving service where you're able to pick the size/model of the vehicle and rent it hourly or a postal/delivery service that works as an intermediate between the seller and the buyer
Kiev, day trip to Chernobyl, Lviv, Warsaw.
•Serbs bad, Croats good
Oh thank you
I can probably recognize a lot of European ones but I don't really know the lyrics
I doubt that Ukrainians that want to get into the EU illegally care about visa at all and just cross the border.
No vowels in the end, no other signs of being feminine
Same azov and right sector that saved Mariupil' from the actual fascists
Ukraine had a lot of nuclear weapons on their soil after they left the USSR.
Belarus maintains close relations with Russia and relatively good ones with EU too.
Fortunate or not, this is an inevitable outcome of constant lying.
Belarus and Ukraine are also member of this United Europe.
* Topovyu, top - the best
He was easily the most infamous field commander they had left.
Ukraine has [about 460] cities (міста), each more than 1000 inhabitants - and that already exceeds the number of the dots for Ukraine on the map
Cursive (connected letters) from the first grade
Sorry to butt into your conversation, but I think you are looking at (3) at the wrong angle.
Estonia has more ethnic Russians as a percent of population than Ukraine.
I can't give you any comparisons between other referendums because we've only had one.
Neither do pictures like [this] help any Danish cause.
Eh Vice was and still is very biased not only in Ukraine but pretty much every topic they cover.
It's just that he dislikes the EU more, and he doesn't give a shit about Ukraine.
Oh my god, sweet summer child
You could have added that "Poland,  which is a country where there invented vodka" it would be just as relevant
Apparently, a loanword from Ukrainian :)
**Але Нацрада так і не отримала від «Дождя» документів на внесення української версії до Переліку іноземних каналів, і канал так і не вирішив питання з українськими провайдерами про ретрансляцію ними окремої версії – провайдери наразі ретранслюють супутникову версію «Дождя», де є реклама**
If it were a fair fight Romania would get rekt.
Greetings from Kyiv, Ukraine-where Filiki Eteria was conceived by Alexander Ypsilantis
All of us understand both languages but not all of us speak both of them equally well and comfortably, including me
The media onslaught began before the crisis in Ukraine, in my opinion.
Russia and Norway has always had a pretty good relationship, even during the height of the cold war when locals on either side of the Norwegian Russian border were allowed to travel across to shop, meet family and friends and so on.
Ah yes, priest blessing the hospital, so catholics can praise god (and not the doctor) when a doctor with 50 years of experience treats your cancer
Food wasn't great and all menus were in Russian, but the restaurants were very cheap.
Schengen makes it possible, not EU
I do feel bad for Ukraine, both east and west, and want Russia to stop meddling.
Fucking communists
In general yes, despite all, i like my country
Hope you don't mind if I use this post to ask, what about Ukraine?
*"Яжемать/yazhemat'"* in Russian (means "but-I'm-a-mother") - a woman that validates every stupid action and opinion by her being a mother
So like A1 tops
Do I understand it's a calque of an idiom
This also means there will be a lot more English sinage, etc.
I would be surprised if Prussian dialects haven't been kept in some sort of recording since the 1800s.
How can you have more potatoes than us?
I doubt it's going to happen honestly.
Thr camera was not there
They crave for more power because that's the only thing Russia really has and the actions they've done are for domestic politics.
We have  "History of Ukraine" and "World History" ( or "Foreign History") as separate subjects
Why is Ukraine so poor in comparison to other ex-USSR countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan, and Belarus?
I (german national) crossed the border from Ukraine to Romania (EU border) and I think we had to pay twice to "speed up" the ordeal.
I don't think I've ever been to a residential house with modern wooden ones
E.g, you hit your little toe against something and exclaim
Isn't eastern Ukraine also occupied by Pro-Russian rebels?
The 90s were very unkind to Ukraine.
* National Rennaisance in 19 c.
A country that just fought two wars against separatists in the region.
They wont be invading Finland or Turkey.
I don't know, I liked France the most.
The small beginning of the protests (including the chant you shared) was about preferring the EU to Russia and being upset that Yanukovych was choosing closer ties with Russia over the EU after promising closer ties with the EU, but the main protests had nothing to do with Russia and everything to do with Yanukovych and his government being extremely corrupt and abusive
The data is a bit outdated
It reminds me of The Last of Us
Nazis do that
I am planning a trip which includes Russia.
Money is money
And please compare it to the great life people in DNR and LNR are living.
what do you mean we changed everything and you don't want it anymore, remember you agreed!" fallacy.
Something about girls, Russia or russian language
*Angry Italian noises*
Iran is a problem, seeing Trumps support for the Saudis.
Hungary - Угорщина (Ugorshchyna)
It doesn´t count work visa issued to Ukrainians by other ways - Blue Card etc.
Pro-Russian folks get really annoyed when Ukrainian language is spoken near them
"Let's build NS2 to celebrate" - Germany
the girl could be harassed in Ukraine by the radicals
Not from anywhere, because you really don't want ukranian education system
Russia would probably be about as enthusiastic about it being cut away as Ukraine is having Russia chewing on Crimea and Donbas...
even don't know how to call you for not to be banned...
**Nikolai Gogol** (poet)
Things would have obviously been different for any and everyone if geography was different.
holy shit they actually have some common sense left
>the word for door is always plural in Slovak
PPS: and clearly the most famous noble family in Ukraine is Ostrogski
Too poor to atract wellfare tourists, our immigration is job-centered and mainly from Ukraine/Vietnam.
Mordor is like a sunny summer day
Then Lithuania, then Turkey, then Hungary (Austria–Hungary)
- there are no will to put things in any usefull context.
Yo those building are tacky looking af.
We have all 3 kinds of people you described here.
I don't know, because I completely quit Russian language which was my first language in childhood
Yeah, I also don't know how Ukraine could possibly have more corruption that the PRoC
For now he play "president for the people" role , in the same time has huge oligarch stick in his arse
In discussions  they refer as "we" to all the deeds of russian "regime". Russians did not get a fraction of what they really deserve yet
Dutch, Finnish, Hungarian
I've been to Ukraine a few years ago and I'm thinking about going to Belarus (to Minsk) some time soon, because it's really close.
Particularly the one where it was filmed from a soviet era apartment building and the machine just sat near them and fired the missiles.
Yeah, sorry that we exist, Hungary
Poland
To be fair, we'd have probably invaded Crimea and eastern Ukraine if our defence budget hadn't been cut and we had the opportunity to.
I think, Crimea would have more chances to join EU on it's own as a small state.
No way you'll give up your monopoly
Ukraine Shows Italy How to Do a Bailout
Russia could take a nice step in that direction if they cut support for the rebels in East Ukraine.
Russia is big immigration magnet for people from Belarus, Ukraine and Central Asia.
The anti-EU side repeated well-known Russian propaganda about the "coup" in Ukraine.
What a hero, the hero the nazis need
Did you notice Europe impose sanctions when Russia illegaly invaded Ukraine?
Is someone trying to send some kind of message?
By summer 2016, the Ukrainian Ministry for Social Policy had registered close to 1.8 million internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Ukraine.
And when he's going to comment on that one, I don't think, that he is going to be helping Merkel a lot.
It's a very good question
Spike is actually after both changes, from winter to summer and from summer to winter
The fuck you did with Ukraine map oO
It doesn't justify invading them in any way.
We just need to get rid of our dependence on Russian oil and gas.
From recent - Crimea and Donbass
It would be a good idea to setup a protest camp, where people take shifts - it sends a stronger message in my experience, and it will be easier to gather people there at any time necessary
In Avengers, the [interrogating guy] speaks decent Russian, good flow, zero mistakes
Everyone still remembers the Soviet Union and how well that turned out for everyone involved - and more recently, turning on your best friend Ukraine.
Just that Ukraine isn't even part of the EU.
Something that many of us died and still dying for almost everyday and probably never get to see
Top on kindness
According to wiki you need votes that represent 55% of member states AND 65% of EU population
Exactly the same kind of news about the black US soldiers raping underage girls in Ukraine or British soldiers being rude to grandmothers in Estonia and whatnot.
And the revolution was organized and paid for by George Soros and friends.
The Baltic states are vastly different from Russia.
A lot of sketchy areas you can be robbed, some areas where addicts choose to hang out
I know bits and pieces of Polish and French text(cause I read reddit hah)
I know several persons in real life that are EU citizens and have visited Crimea through Moscow, without even stepping their foor in UKraine, in fact, they did it several times.
Iran is one of the most powerful countries in the world, far more powerful than Iraq was, bombing it would be the biggest disaster since Vietnam.
UPA wasn't more genocidal than any other party participating in war on Ukrainian soil, Nazi killed way more, Russia (USSR) WAY more.
Yep, we have Soros conspiracy now, too
Russia: Everyone knows current relationships between us and we see them as the real threat
One little thing: 65% of pupulation only use TV as source of news.
We have a low-priced markets with the most idiotic name ever - Thrash
Yeah that shit in Kaunas is fucking lit.
> How do you think things got better for Ukraine
Well played by whomever designed this ruse, cue a shitload of bad PR for Kiev.
Al' jedan je Mauzer
There are hotspots in Prypiat, but if you with a guide you will avoid it and route are pretty safe
There are no American troops in Ukraine?
He tried to sign up with Hitler, and he only turned on him later because Hitler refused his ideas of independent Ukraine.
Now his approval rating is only half the figures he got after the elections and citizens start to hate him
I once drank too much tap water, because didn't have bottled with me, the next day I was in a hospital with appendicitis
I have not seen any attempt from the US to establish exclusivity in any way (they're not even providing lethal aid).
Well, it's hard to be proud of something that almost stalled in 1991.
Not Hitler of 1941, 1939
I dunno, started learning Polish on Duolingo
"?  Because in Ukranian "mojemo dali" means "shall we continue
I have to agree with him on that, we can't pretend like Russia will ever give Crimea back.
Sure, I thought it was common knowledge
We(Russia, Ukraine, Belarus) have lots of russian memes
Quick list of notable countries with a higher GDP per capita than Ukraine:
We have that too
The hard **Ґ** transliterates to G (in English: *gossip, gallery*)
It's just that this referendum law will be used to shit on the EU, this treaty with Ukraine was just the first thing that came up.
My Ukrainian is subpar and clearly needs polishing, so I usually just speak Russian
Half of those 46% voted against Hillary, not for The_Donald.
Even putting "spheres of infulence" bullshit aside, if Ukraine were to experience similar transformation and wages/quality of life improvements as Poland or Baltics, it'd put very existence of current Russian political class at stake.
And when you lie so much and all the time, no one believes you whatever you say.
There is no right to take any of their land without their permission.
Makes sense
This includes invading and occupying Ukraine and suddenly becoming best buds with Turkey and coming to Assads aid when Putin saw that these actions could drive wedges in between NATO members.
BiH, Albania and Macedonia need 10+ years of hard work easily and they are yet to start (even if BiH officially applied).
Once again Ukraine is a loser while Russia backed the winning candidate.
They also made a move on Syria.
Kyrgystan is also the least inside of Russian sphere in a whole region (except, maybe, for Turkmenistan, but that's a completely seperate conversation)
A wide-body passenger jet is shot down by a Russian anti-aircraft battery.
Polands population has been static for 20 years.
It's funny (?), but now Russia sells to Ukraine its own gas.
They're smart and know how to dig under fences to get those free snacks
That's why I'm very skeptical about the future of Ukraine.
), walk around in a robe or pajamas, open the fridge and cupboards, make themselves a sandwich, use and wash the dishes, etc
Huh what is this non-news, I thought they "invaded" Ukraine like gazillion of times already, have they not?
Fun thing about it is that more or less rich parents typically just go abroad with their children, so population in camps is capped by income, unlike for example school
There's a couple of ex-Intelligence Corps people who reckon they can detect two or three distinct personalities and writing styles suggesting that the "KGB-R" account is actually run by shift-workers.
Edit: Oh, they criticized the use of "w"s instead of "v"s. I was referring to people using the russian-influenced "Lvov" instead of the correct "Lviv". "Lwiw" and "Lviv" doesn't seem like a big difference to me honestly
"For some reason" threads about Turkish visa access wasn't similar to this one.
The European Union should gradually phase out sanctions imposed against Russia over the Ukraine crisis if there is substantial progress in the peace process
But in practice, Ukrainians love to palatalize and pronounce щ either like "shch" or "sch", or even like "sh".
I recall a leader of both countries looking at the map and deciding that it makes zero sense for Crimea to be part of RSFSR.
Or is it about the Moldovan/Romanian minorities in Bukovina and Budjak?
Relations with Russia are too important and Western leaders very much tried to appease Russia.
The fact that we have a deranged imperialistic neighbor doesn't change the fact that Ukraine has improved constantly over the past 30 years
Daily Mail is like Bild in Germany - perfect for cat toilets
Yes, above that line: "The peculiarity of the national structure of the population of Ukraine is its *multinational* composition.
So Ukraine invaded Crimea in 1954 and forcefully took it from someone?
And on 08.08.08, events happend that pushed me and most people i know away from russian informational orbit.
I am not able to vote yet, but I belive in party and candidate that I support
Her voter can't pint point Crimea on a map and probably Ukraine either.
I know, but I sure as shit wouldn't want us to become a sex tourist destination like Ukraine or certain Asian countries.
Heck, they had to mockup a proxy war with Ukraine and even that might turn out to be pricier than they thought.
As much as I appreciate people trying out new languages, in 9/10 cases it's easier to switch to English than try to understand what someone is trying to say in what they think is Ukrainian or Russian.
Are you sure you aren't misunderstanding this?
The Eastern Europeans are much more influenced by Russia due to their invasions.
Well, it’s possible, but so complicated and I wouldn’t recommend doing this at all
Not the [heroes] we deserve, but the heroes we need
They may deny being in Ukraine, but they do understand power structures and the fact that NATO will have to protect their interests.
I've been to Croatia shortly and I felt that, you guys are super chill and the country is fucking beautiful ! <3
[KHAYAT - От і вся лбв]
In Ukraine it's a village near Kyiv called Петропавлівська Борщагівка (Petropavlivśka Borščahivka), which is 25 letters long, so not that long compared to all the others in this thread
We eat only our national food
I know it is a hard question, and there is no real answer, but I wonder what other people think of it.
Now where do you think it can get 700 tanks (as claimed by fucking Russian President's spokesman, not someone on the Internet)?
I mean, Ukraine is hardly seceding.
Lots of memorials and common graves in every town and village with those two dates:
It didn't have access to these nukes and the control for them was not in Ukraine.
The non-participating was insane.
Ryanair starts in Ukraine in Oct with four destinations flying from Kyiv and seven from Lviv
Maybe some of the older people will ramble a bit, but even that is becoming less common
Felt ashamed of my countrymen
6% were Ukrainians, and 28
And that there are no Russian forces in Crimea.
In Ukraine, the tradition for *"pan/pani"* is more common in the west which is closer to Central European Slavic-speaking countries
Didn't get it
The Irish government can't afford reunification for the foreseeable future.
Do the same for Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Montenegro, Moldova, Ukraine or Macedonia...
This map assumes that Russian puppet seperatist movements reflect the will of the people.
Russia would not allow peacekeeping mission in Ukraine as it has major vote in UN
>proto-Slavic or Old Church Slavonic
Sometimes a crescent is compared to [a cow with horns]
We rebuit Eastern Ukraine from ashes after WWII.
we already have east vs west but Budjak on the enthnic map looks like its own Balkans
The *worst* outcome of these votes was 81% in favor, the highest was 91%.
I don't care
I think you overestimate the level of Mesolithic technology
In Egypt, for example, it's very common for tours to be priced, in country, in Euros or USD and you're always able to swap either out for Egyptian pounds as needed.
I guess they won't ask again anytime soon
I dont think Ukraine is what people thinkmabout here.
Neither are annexations, who would've thunk?
And they were first country (with Poland) to recognize our independence
Any track from [Alyona Alyona]
And that was exactly the period in which Ukraine lost Crimea and Donbass.
There's too many crazy people who would just get tested three times a day for no reason except for them feeling more safe
Personally, I don't. It backfired greatly not so long ago, so I am not sure why we should allow it
Wilno, Czech territories, Ukraine...
* The city doesn't have to unite architecture style, so, for example, old houses in baroque style can  coexist with a house in style "Architectors nightmare "
Why do you think it is okey to sanction Russia for what they're doing in Ukraine but not sanction US for what they're doing in the middle east and have done for a long time?
- overall **national Renaissance**;
Sorry, if late but like What
Russia is the one that isolated itself with it's idiotic foreign policy.
Since you have the Ukrainian flair among others, I only assume you've seen [this] It's called "Mavka
ie refugee crisis,Ukraine,Georgia,Greece.
Oil falling, Western sanctions after shot-down of MH17, but also fact that predictions about insurrection across half of Ukraine proved to be incorrect.
It's just cheaper and way safer
It's really weird to see Bulgaria on the list
But I think they would prefer it if Ukraine went through with the Minsk agreements.
You are acting like that kid that is running around in the playground, and shouting my dad can beat up your dad.
Poland just wanted to grill for the God's sake
Yup hahaha
What did they want from us in 1990?
Why give aid anyway
Idk, sounds strange to me
It wasn't only the naval base, Crimea as a whole has a lot of valuable military assets, on top of it being important due to its position.
Many European armies have zero tanks in battle ready condition.
Break a leg
mhmhmmm
Russia claims Crimea, backed up by everyone, it has never claimed eastern Ukraine - you are spreading bullshit.
It's less about extreme poverty (Moldova, Belarus and Ukraine are much poorer), and more about lack of prospects in the Siberian cities and towns that used to have huge manufacturing plants in the past, which are standing derelict nowadays.
I understand that this isn't subreddit about data representation, but nevertheless, why is colormap so perceptually non-uniform
Земля (Zemlya) - female
bullshit
Completely ignoring the fact that you don't pay US or UK taxes in Iraq as of today, unlike in parts of Ukraine.
>Which do you think the continent prefers
ITT: 'guys it's not Stalinism it's communism
Didn't something similar happen in Ukraine in 2011?
How do you think, what are chances that other house will do the same?
"Кто не спрятался, я не виноват!" (Who didn't hide, I am not guilty
Crimea has a largely ethnically russian population, almost as large as the majority of Estonians in Estonia.
Every syllable in your post justifies Russias actions in Georgia and Ukraine.
This is for us a direct association with the EU, not Europe as a whole.
I only know about this tradition because we still have it in Lviv, and it's so much fun
These countries along with Georgia are of strategic core both to us and Russia, but more to Russia, that's why Moscow is afraid to lose this "buffer zone" and is not afraid to show it militarily.
People say Soviet Cold War supply reserves were HUGE
He stole money as he was fleeing to Russia in 2014, during protests that wanted him out
[The Doox - Гриць \(Hryts'\)]
Holodomor was man-made and affected agricultural regions of the Union.
How about they decide Norway is actually Russia's eastern most province?
This is a very silly idea to me.
That sort of stuff tends to piss people off.
Unfortunately music in Ukrainian language isn't very popular in Ukraine itself, so there are not so many popular tracks, that I can think of
[Zaporizhian march]
Sorry, but that's not a whole lot compared to death toll in Kurdish conflict.
Estonia and Ukraine are totally different in every possible way, whether it be economics/civil rights/education etc etc.
Unilateral ceasefire is just allowing enemies to kill your people.
Or even only because leaving meant erecting a border between them and their family that lived in the rest of the Ukraine.
>Germany's northern border is about the same latitude as the southern end of Scotland
Is it possibly because some fucking Gorky park we've never heard of is actually in Moscow?
Sorry for the late answer
We should have kicked it out years ago, but corruption schemes on gas deals were more important
I would expect them to get involved more in the Balkans as well.
How does hydrogen gets converted into power
I distinctly remember the moment during Euromaiden in Ukraine where people did die for that flag.
I remember, we did some salads and thin pancakes,maybe some kind of other desserts too
Does it ship to other countries ?
And even then most people have no idea what is, say, 24" monitor in metric, they just generally know its size and that it is bigger than 21".
So, when Europe again to begin ''deeply concerned''?
Perhaps a similar useless buildup, but they won't cross that line without some sort of domestic pretext like with Georgia and Ukraine which would come through information warfare first.
It's usually very brief (like one paragraph).
The majority of Krim is seeing them self as Russians, and west Ukraine was in chaos.
who said that ww3 will start because of Ukraine?
I think you guys are overestimating Russia a bit thinking they're out there waiting to annex you, while forgetting there are other more important things happening around the globe that may affect your country.
NATO wouldnt set itself up for a situation where theres a high likelyhood for massive escalation and direct conflict with Russia over a piece of Ukraine.
It's like if a republican party starts calling whatever shit trump will do trumpinism to distance themselves and pretend like he wasn't a member of their party
Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporo, Kyoto, Fukuoka, Yokohama, Akita, Chiba, Kobe, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Nagoya
More like "Putin - Dickhead"
All of that shit and using neural networks in general for these kind of stuff has already been morally grey for decades, and I would be extremely happy if all of that disappeared
It was Ukraine and Georgia who got the tanks out against the people.
Same goes for all former socialist/communist European countries.
He would not risk a flat out war, especially not over Ukraine.
Korenizatsia literally lasted a year or two before it was discontinued, and soon after Russification policies followed.
Saakashvili have serious ambitions in Ukraine, so every article counts.
Basically, what all kids imagine when they see adults getting and drinking [cold, foamy] beer
It wasn't a capital as much as an early settlement.
I'm going to be flying into Kiev this summer and working my way across and into Slovakia, via Lviv.
Apocalypse Now was actually inspired by this book
I think majority of kids have a summer camp experience
Of course Ukrainians say it was resistance.
I've seen her facebook, full of usual russian nacistic shit.
Tell a couple if you can
Some people seem to portray this as either we have to 'Messianicly' do everything possible to 'save Ukraine' or completely abandon it.
Weirdly, but not so much about Belarus
You just didn't-
I live in a Russian-speaking city, hearing Ukrainian here is pretty rare unless you're talking to staff in stores etc
At some point shooting to kill only makes people much, much angrier.
"We were just following orders" © any nazi officer at concentration camp before his execution.
They did not manage to handle ten times smaller Chechnya and literally pay contribution to it now - how can they "chew" Ukraine then?
This is just my personal opinion, and actually in no way relevant.
* Creepovuy - creepy, scary
The world doesn't need Ukraine to be chamberlain to Russia's Hitler
It's worrying when the truth becomes 'bashing' to you.
* Envy is "*заздрощі/zazdroshchi*" - it's when someone wants what another person has
She lead Ukraine-Russia talks and got the EU nations to agree on anti-Russian sanctions.
Yes, definitely, in fact my daughter was in one of them the last three weeks
I don't know how did Bulgarians managed to get into this list, but it's better to be there than in the "Russia's  friends list".
I seriously wonder if EU would even be strong enough to send soldiers if Russia decided to attack one of the Baltic countries.
The grammar is kinda confusing for many people because of the amount of suffixes and prefixes
Even Youtube is dubbed, you wouldn't believe how linguistically apathetic some people here are
Internet is where people discuss politics.
Russian or soviet symbolic, especially ribbon of sait george
The whole Ukrainian nation seems to support the right-wing nationalists.
They'll throw a referendum, if people vote yes they're in
I assume you hint on her since Spaniards are touchy-feely, but Ukrainians aren't northerners in this regard, too, especially women
You're taking it too seriously.
Not very fond of them (gasps follow)
I guess all neighboring countries will see an increase in number of medical tourists from Poland
Then your parents just like to beat you.
I think allowing the singer to perform would make Russia look like a troublemaker and would make Ukraine look generous.
I understand it's very ridiculous to put quotas on our own language in our own country while other countries put quotas on minority languages - but that's our ridiculous post-colonial situation
So, taking your example, you can make бордоський(bordo|s'kyi s'kyi being the suffix indicating that it's from somewhere and the whole word meaning "from Bordeaux")
(Word for word, as a matter of fact I just heard it)
This is far from including every separatist movement.
That's our cue
". Even more, because Zelenskyy is going to Paris for negotiations, opposition leaders already plan a new Maidan (revolution)
At least it was like when i was in school, and that was more than a decade ago
Ukraine crisis will freeze to a near defacto ceasefire while Ukraine moves closer to EU.
Places like Mukachevo, Yaremcha or Uzhhorod
I think the sound of bandura holds a special place in Ukrainian folk
let me clarify one thing, do you live in russia or do you live in moscow?
Eastern front is the main topic of course, down to operations, big battles and all of that
Although Ukrainian was an everyday language to millions of people in Ukraine, it was officially discouraged from literary use in the area controlled by Imperial Russia
You're right, they aren't, however I think it has started to change ever since the rebels took down that plane in Donbass, because it wasn't possible to justify it in any way.
But people like to believe that he will change something for good
Just seeing how you guys beat the shit out of literally everybody in your region back in the day makes me doubtful
20°C, but today it's really warm outside \~5°C, so I even turn off the heating
When you call, e.g, your internet provider, the initial addressing is in Ukrainian, then they allow you to press 1 for Ukrainian, 2 for Russian, and 3 for English
I don't think there is a country I would never visit, but right now I would skip Turkey and Eastern-Ukraine for political and safety reasons, but other than that, I would jump on a plane to any European country.
Let me rephrase: eastern european countries like: romania, bosnia, croatia, greece, Belarus, Ukraine, aren't for the lack of a better word "significant" when it comes to the grand scheme of things.
In one instance, Wolfgang Ebel's KRR issued an "excavation permit" to the Principality of Sealand (a micronation), who then had men dig up a plot of land in the Harz region in search of the Amber Room for two weeks, until the landowner hired a private security service to drive them off
Something like Ukraine paying crimeas debts.
We've gotten a lot of that since the start of the war.
I can't see Ukraine willingly turning back to Russia any time this century.
Well, Mazepa is kind of our hero though
No it was performed by them, it's a Yiddish classic.
We call Putin - Khujlo
Why not go over to /r/Kurdistan or /r/Iraq and ask the natives whether they want our support?
I'm happy with the sanctions, but I would also be happy to see boots on the ground at Ukraine's invitation to help them regain control of the Donbas.
er I mean turkey will definitely take those syrians back!
Vodka, hardbass, cyka blyat
Looks at UK, looks at US, looks at Ukraine.
I understand why you like to think this way
Funding for civil services such as school have all but ceased, and no one wants to be killed, let alone by neighbors or people who claim to have their interests at heart
A lot of cash is buried in the UK - especially England.
Labour MP threatens with no confidence vote over Ukraine referendum
They know they could potentially be next.
In fact, he's viewed same as Trump in the USA, popular among workers, housewives and so on
>Something similar happened to my coworker who used to hear me speaking  Ukrainian most of the time
Sarajevo, 'cause of WW1 and Belgrade because of Yugoslavia
It's like realizing why someone named Marshall Mathers would call himself Eminem
People were standing up to that type of government heavy-handedness.
But if you want a decent Marc Dacascos-style comeback, here's [a more recent] live performance
First of all, Lukashenka ain't giving power up peacefully
And also a "Queue"
Nothing too complicated but not that easy
it is still possible to do it now, but the price would be much higher.
Like constant threats against countries in Europe, bomber fly-bys, annexation of Crimea, war in East Ukraine...
>  It was actually comparable with the number of hours of history I had during my 4 years of high school in Poland
Their beer is quite sub par though.
Fewer than 600 civilians died in the entire war, on both sides.
Car service
Ukraine and Turkey won't happen in the near future
Your phone doesn't react to the touch each time, but it's not like it reacts each time when it's warmer
2014 events turned thousands of residents into refugees.
But hey, Russians are deeply European people and all that /s
[Mezhyhirya] an absolutely filthy rich place that formerly belonged to Yanukovich, now it's a museum
But in my language you can determine spelling by hearing in most cases, if only English work this way
IMF $5bn tranche was stolen overnight.
On the internet I'm seeing massive Russophiliic comments from the Anglosphere and also Germany/France.
I am not saying I think the EU shouldn't take steps, just merely pointing out that it doesn't seem logical judging on the current political climate.
They are still citizens of Ukraine.
And I must say that Ukraine is totally right when they ban that criminal-singer from Russia.
* Dissidents during Bolshevik's occupation of Ukraine
And politics wise, our politicians always were pretty supportive to Ukrainian ones in talks with the EU, etc.
Let's say, supported by the law so a waitress couldn't deny a visitor service in Ukrainian like it was just up to this February
This is probably a repost from /r/mapporn.
Even Latvia and Georgia appear to be *much* less corrupt than Ukraine is, though:
And it's not just the EU subsidies.
I think it's time to create horse scuba gear
That can be followed up with "Iron Curtain: The Crushing of Eastern Europe, 1944–1956" by Anne Applebaum
Yup and hopefully Russia will stop caring and let Ukraine restore constitutional order in Crimea as well.
It's most trivial variant
You do not have answer to any of my claims, problem is you only read first page of history book without getting into why something happened.
Well if Ukraine was the one invading and annexing land from Russia that might be a more pressing concern than the power which has by ways of these not-so-clandestine operations invaded and occupied part of Ukraine.
Most importantly, absolutely everyone understands Russian
Welcome to a post-Soviet country, comrade) You've got the point, but you are a bit wrong.
When an artillery shell lands in your backyard or crashes through your wall, it's easy to see which side did it come from.
Directly influencing the US election.
Myths are a fundament of reality as we feel it as human beings
The Golden Horde is a myth that was made by rulers of Rus' to hide the evidences of their acts
In Ukraine, Russian soldiers or not, its ukrainians vs ethnic russians living in Ukraine.
Putin most likely wouldn't directly annex those areas even if they were given up by Ukraine, but just keep them as loyal and dependent puppet states.
Spanish and Italian (and to smaller degree French) are mostly irrelevant in the Eastern Europe.
Maria on its own is consistently one of most popular names here.
I eat hot-smoked
In general yes, despite all, i like my country
Probably no one
Yes, it was my point as well
Its technically a battlefield and if EU wants to keep peace they will just spectate
If you like cities that may be ugly but that are truly alive then you'll be in heaven
it's so frustrating when people only talk about Holodomor, like Russians didn't suffer from communism at all
We call it Шпаргалка - shpargalka - which comes from some Polish word
If you haven't, also try [Bulgarian folk] I mean, if you enjoy folk music
But it still feels like we need more hours to learn the whole Ukrainian History from the earliest people/civilizations to the 2000s and World History that includes the earliest civilisations (Sumer, Egypt, China, Greece), Asia, the Americas, each European country individually and during some significant events
good point about a single leader, they probably just didn't get their chance
The response to Georgia and Ukraine was underwhelming to say the least.
We could learn a lesson from Russia
Ukraine wins with the most obvious "dae Russia is bad give us votes pls" song ever.
You misunderstand, Russia was very close to Constantinople with uts armies and thus very close to conquering it.
A priest sprinkling some water on a dummy is totally on par with fucking ISIS
In soviets, the war heroes like him have been named "Stalin's samovars". Most of them have been banished from main cities starting 1948 and died alone in remote villages
Yes he won Crimea but he lost a nation of 40 million people.
Ukraine agreed that it began on 20 February, Andrey Illarionov sort of confirmed that date.
Preferably to Ukraine and Belarus instead of our direction.
You joker assume that I never tried to reason with nazis
Trump has gone back on a lot of what he said before even getting into office.
Crazy how much less people are concerned with economic migrants here than they were with Turkey especially considering that both Ukraine and Georgia are considerably poorer than Turkey
It's the language of forced poverty and wasted opportunities in a land of oil, gas, diamonds, and timber
We even poorer than the part of north Africa that's visible on the picture...
Its the inevitable result of a mob of people in Kiev thinking its desires are more important than the rest of Ukraines.
It's actually huge sometimes
Choice is yours only to fight back or get occupied.
Willem Dicke was able to corroborate his previously researched hypothesis that wheat intake was aggravating coeliac disease
Kinda civilized gypsies
The UK is leaving and France will likely have a pro Russia president.
The country has rather educated workforce, location is rather okay with access to Russia and EU, and to the Black Sea, has some natural resources and many industrialized cities.
People, who belive in this theory say that all the thousands people who died during The Mongol invasion were killed by forced christianisation
She sang in Crimea after the annexation, meaning, by Ukrainian law, that she can't go mainland Ukraine.
It's a backwards country where morals are secondary and a country that has consistently proven it's not a good idea to get too close to (Roosevelt, USSR satellite countries, Ukraine, et al.).
Ah shit, here we go again
Accoding to own propaganda it already is.
In soviets, the war heroes like him have been named "Stalin's samovars". Most of them have been banished from main cities starting 1948 and died alone in remote villages
what Ukraine really need is to buy a couple of nuclear bombs from North Korea.
In Ukrainian platypus is "duckbeak" - *"качкодзьоб/kachkodziob"*, which sounds like a more specific "ptakopysk". Like, which "ptakh"? A duck
You lie about Crimea, East of Ukraine, MH-17, doping program etc etc.
P.S.: do the Irish love pathos as much as Ukrainians
As for Ukraine, it's a bit late now, but the first hint of russian involvement should have been met with a major show of force by NATO as a whole, establishing a zone of control in West Ukraine, to contain Russian expansionism
The next step would be the laws and local elections Ukraine must pass, yet they aren't doing shit.
I think this is something similar to Ukrainian "Puzata Hata", this means "paunchy house"
Well, firstly it depends what we call Eastern Europe.
However every Ukrainian citizen is obliged to know Ukrainian (surprise
Oh thank you
I think you don't understand what sort of invasion was in Donbas.
Putin has ALREADY launched SEVERAL wars of conquests.
Government gives humanitarian help to Albania right when we ask for it ourselves
* [No-name] - there's also this variety of apples that is medium or small in size and might look decent, but they taste as a cellar smells
That doesn't seem to be up to us with Ukraine and all that.
France would need to focus on 2 fronts, even on 1 front France barely manage it.
And those that have been rebuilt don't very much resemble the old ones.
Most recent case was when he bought land for his new confectionery factory for very nice price.
So "*burattino*" in Italian is a puppet
Or you could go to a governmental institution and hear it playing as someone's ringtone
It does sound odd, that's true, but at least it makes sense, cause the region is "Red Ruthenia"
>That we actually let people from Sweden work in Copenhagen
But some stories and novels we're being assigned to read in summer or on other breaks
Dude, I almost fell off my chair
Great Firewall is not about surveillance - that's a small part of it.
Ah shit, here we go again
Also these windows actually can switch between THREE functions: side-to-side, up-down and 'microventilation' where you put the handle at 45 degrees and the window pops open like in up-down position but it will only go for like quarter of an inch
If the house is 70-100 years old, it doesn't look interesting or homey - it's just very old and tiny, and often doesn't have conveniences
Must the EU buy the US chicken so that the EU could sell their cars there
The Ukrainians had most of the grain that was needed for industrialization.
Armenia's case is a bit different though, with the difference mainly coming from the fact that it's sandwiched between two states that won't hesitate to destroy it and is in need of constant protection
Eurovision could be pulled from Ukraine over ‘shambolic’ organisation and budget problems
Similar shit happaned in Ukrainian regions in 1932-33
Also, it +6°C now
Thanks nonetheless
Just like all those Russian "journalists" aren't an occupational force?
* "*to" (****that*** *in Ukrainian, of* ***this*** *in Galician Ukrainian)
Now that Ukrainian army is much more experienced and Ukraine has produced some effective missiles, Russians are going to pay a dear price for further invasion attempts.
Although, as a teen, I genuinely wanted to partake in an average peasant community's life for a bit
What exactly from the following is mistranslated?
I don't think that Russia is going to start a war in Europe even without US.
It's partially because the EU and Europe don't care about the Middle East, nor do most have the influence or interests there.
Funny enough I think I may have read that on /r/russia or somewhere else on reddit and took it for a fact.
Does anyone actually drink it straight though?
Yeah, we kinda tried that with Ukraine.
The second option would've kept Crimea in Ukraine.
Kremlin plans special clinic for Putin's top officials
There were funny discussions while the quotas were being developed
And doesn't most of it(leftover Hungarian) come from Magyarization during Hungarian rule of the region?
All under the rule of Yeltsin, a drunk who died drunk.
Don\`t thread on them, from Ukraine with love
There is no chance western sources will take around the installation of Nazis in Ukraine or the finding of Jihadis in Libya and Syria by western powers.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel in Ukraine on Friday urged lawmakers to battle endemic corruption
Everyone is always hiding behind "We doing it for the sake of people" bullshit, but rarely even ask them what they want.
I hope Ukraine doesn't shoot up a school now.
My grandpa added extra layers of wall on their home for hidden grain storage
Our president talks with Putin and Medvedev, doesn't mean we are about to block the sanctions.
> Привіт, мене звати Джон, приємно познайомитися. Звідки Ви?
I like Mlekovita Yogurt and Hanusi Twarog
It was
In fact, he's viewed same as Trump in the USA, popular among workers, housewives and so on
I whould say, kremlin was making it's own some kind of ugly version of Anna Politkovskaya of her.
I wouldn't even say that this is the second Cold War.
I will always be for 3 floors max
We are all brothers with one language and one culture
There is one putain we don't like
And the 2nd article is simply repeating a claim by families of the victims that Ukraine *right alongside Russia*; yet somehow you hold these articles (barely longer than a paragraph each) up as some sort of proof that Ukraine and Russia are on the same moral footing here.
They were without a doubt not the dominant population wise.
Counterintuitively however, there are words that are written identically in Russian and Ukrainian but have different genders: собака (a dog) - f in Russian and m in Ukrainian
But the Russian word for "circle" itself is "*круг/krug*".
Yes, in the high school I had two friends in my class who were from Ukraine and I like it very much too!
It will be D+D operating machine
That's ok, our Security Services will have more work to do, but they can handle it
If those "separatists" want to leave Ukraine, then what is stopping them from physically moving to Russia, like normal people?
Even in Romania, which stopped having compulsory military service 10 years ago, you can still find plenty of people over 30 who can shoot an RPG or drive a tank.
Try to draw next ones:
Belarus and Ukraine also border Russia but the former needs a tourist visa and the latter is massive and takes a full day to travel across.
And the Ukrainian government is notorious for loving to "lend" money from their people, whereas putting weird legal rules on banks is the easiest way of doing this.
Sarajevo, 'cause of WW1 and Belgrade because of Yugoslavia
[Modern]
At the moment, unfortunately, our presidential party has a majority in parliament (248 out of 424) so we don't have the balance at all
Hit them with the FineHammer
russia answered with missile strike on ukrainian launches:
*Well I find that Russia's 15B 'action plan' for Ukraine very provocative and uni-lateral.*
We have nato, and more importantly we have nukes.
You forget that pre brexit, a sizeable amount of people were agains the EU and some wanted to leave it.
Hungary — Угорщина [Uhorshchyna]
Ukraine has a law, but they don't even enforce it because they know Crimea is Ruclay"
Which would make Romania the only NATO member in this region with a population that is strongly pro-US.
Speaking of stealing Bulgaria would like to have a word.
The Baltic states always seem like neighbours, also, Turkey, despite it's over the sea
And most people won't even understand what she sings and understand the details.
Maybe in the progressive European Ukraine ;)
Russia is sending a disabled singer in wheelchair to this year's Eurovision Song Contest in Ukraine in order to avoid getting booed
I think if given the choice a lot of people will gladly trade freedom of press and election for stability of being safe, well fed and knowing you won't end up on the street tomorrow
Our autonomous region, the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, is temporarily occupied by Russian Federation
We call the day Masliana/Masnytsia/Kolodiy
Not yet, but probably soon
Is it discussed a lot in Russia as a crises or no?
This brings up the question: are there some other values in the world, becides money?
Ukraine and Georgia come to mind - they took Crimea and are occupying a part of Georgia.
In the 80' there were communism.
Yes, I've heard this one, too
"This is why the US State Department joined with the CIA to topple the elected government of Ukraine in 2014.
Was it not apparent to you that I was referring to the fact that Russian aggression has lead to the secession of Crimea and the Ukraine's armed conflict with pro-Russian rebels?
Anxious Ukraine Risks Escalation In 'Creeping Offensive'
As you can see it DOESN'T WORK.
But if you want a decent Marc Dacascos-style comeback, here's [a more recent] live performance
The average Swiss citizen has more wealth (in solid gold bars of course) than a village in Ukraine.
Without getting too political
• 1648 - 1653 (Khmelnytsky Uprising against Rzeczpospolita)
I don't even know a tune of an American one lol that's my knowledge of international anthems
Additionally, Russia can offer small discounts by through export duties.
Then there are Poles and Czechs
We share most of our folklore creatures with our slavic neighbors: Domovoi, Leshy, Rusalka, Kikimora, Mara and so on.
But his accent is some mix of American English and
What is important: which language they WANT to speak.
I.e.
Look at how they conduct global initiatives, look at what they do on the side.
He released two extremely incriminating videos and what
Sanctions arent a solution they are there to force russia to the negotiation table.
When a person becomes as weak and fragile as an elderly woman/man, and there's no family to support them, they live on margin and become social outcasts just like homeless Americans
Bruh, you just a tall barrack instead of long one
Except those south Russian lands were not majority compromised of ethnic Russians until after the event took place.
She would be returned home from airport.
The difference is that Moscow can't say that they will not sell gas to Ukraine and stop doing it for political reasons.
How can you reason against something that never came from reason
We'll probably soon see Minsk 3.
Yeah well, I understand these analogies, but I want to understand the root of that problem, which is quite easy to understand for Ukraine and Estonia.
Well I've seen a lot of people claiming entrapment when they where just shitbags.
And it's dirt cheap, so that's also a plus.
They can be pretty tasty
* First Maidan, of 2004 - pro-democratic massive peaceful protests, called Orange Revolution
*to fill the gap made by the people who left our country*
I don't know how else to explain
Crimea was Ukrainian territory.
Here's also a [link] to a collection of translations to English
Nuland said fuck the EU because it distracted by in-fighting over how to respond to Ukraine & the Russian invasion.
- The Dacians were Romanized by the Romans and became Romanians.
Ruthenian language
Що тут можна сказати?
And a century later drowning the lands of Novgorod and Pskov democracies in blood and murdering the bishop of Pskov (by the hand of Tsar himself)
I heard the same talks about the Budapest Memorandum("Who will allow them to break the deal about nuclear non-proliferation", etc).
he inherited and grew considerably.
he is just totaly drunk, high and stoned on nato and the US, always have been.
And led proxy war against it in Afghanistan.
Ukraine shelled civilians quite often actually.
Russian
No, Ukraine is not a NATO member because France and Germany, and later the US, were against it.
You guys are alright in our book
My Carcano from 1917 was built there
we have it as well, it is awesome
We have quite a lot of bad people around here.
Majority of russians believe this.
No one gave a damn about Ukraine in Europe before Russia took Crimea.
The minimum that we have in Ukraine, once was -23 at night
Our country leader is an ex stand up comedian, what are we even taking about
In the meantime you have to answer questions why you're not building DESERTEC
However, I am planning to move to another western country once the opportunity arises
No, basically every name that you want, probably except Hitler or something
**Olga of Kyiv** (ruler of Kyivan Rus)
By Lithuania a "legal president of Belarus" is Tikhanovskaya who got 10%, but since she is pro-west talking head who cares
And no, Ukraine is not included in this movements.
Solar stupid roadways don't work because we lack some knowledge.
The invasion of Crimea and Eastern Ukraine rather showed the weakness of Russia.
And "historically" is a very tricky thing, especially if you look at history of ethnically Ukrainian lands.
Alot of people immigrate there or go to work/study to Poland
80%-90% percent of kids start to smoke at 13 and drink at 14
I feel sorry for the people who live there, their shithole is several layers deeper than the rest of Ukraine for the foreseeable future.
What about "you're welcome"?
Some refugees from the ME even try to get into the EU via Ukraine, or from Russia into Finland.
And his sons are Dmytro Oleksandrovych (of-Oleksandr, male form), Yevhen Oleksandrovych, etc
Beijing - Пекін (Pekin);
As for people speaking surzhyk, it's best to avoid them, they're not really the best at oratory and you probably won't get much out of discussing something with them
are you an idiot
The war in Syria is actually a good parallel, and it has shown that who controls the skies controls the ground too.
